<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1663244_0001020242-23-000048.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12127513</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>998159</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4860022</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6041708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>24</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001020242-23-000048.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317110324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001020242-23-000048
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001013454
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001541294
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Commercial mortgages

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001663244
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-206705-02
		FILM NUMBER:		23741150

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 WALL STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 250-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 WALL STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMM 2016-D2 Mortgage Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001020242-23-000048.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 comm2016dc210k.htm

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 
or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
Commission file number of the issuing entity: 333-206705-02 

 Central Index Key Number of the issuing entity: 0001663244 

 COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust 

 (exact name of the issuing entity as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the depositor: 0001013454 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation 

 (exact name of the depositor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the sponsor: 0001541294 

 German American Capital Corporation 

 (exact name of the sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the sponsor: 0001089877 

 KeyBank National Association 

 (exact name of the sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the sponsor: 0001555524 

 LoanCore Capital Markets LLC 

 (exact name of the sponsor as specified in its charter) 

 (formerly known as Jefferies LoanCore LLC) 

New York 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization of 
 the issuing entity) 
 
 81-1634426 
 81-1758688 
 81-6375604 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Numbers) 

c/o Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 

 as Certificate Administrator 

 1761 East St. Andrew Place 

 Santa Ana, CA 

 (Address of principal executive offices of the issuing
entity) 

 92705 

 (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

 (212) 250-2500 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 Not applicable. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation
to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price
of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

 Not applicable. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and
reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

 Not applicable. 

 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

 Not applicable. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the
Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders;
(2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933.
The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year
ended December 24, 1980). 

 Not applicable. 

EXPLANATORY NOTES 

 The Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan and the
Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan, which constituted approximately 5.6 and 5.0 , respectively, of the asset pool of the issuing entity
as of its cut-off date, are each an asset of the issuing entity and are each part of a loan combination that includes the Intercontinental
Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan or the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan and one other pari passu loan, which is not an asset
of the issuing entity. These loan combinations, including the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan and the Columbus Park Crossing
Mortgage Loan, are being serviced and administered pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, which is incorporated by reference
as Exhibit 4.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Sun MHC Portfolio Mortgage Loan, previously an asset of the issuing entity being
serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, was not an asset of the issuing entity during the reporting period and is omitted
from this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will be omitted from subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K. 

 The Exhibit Index describes exhibits provided by certain parties (in their
capacities indicated on the Exhibit Index) with respect to the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan and the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio
Mortgage Loan, which constituted approximately 3.7 and 2.5 , respectively, of the asset pool of the issuing entity as of its cut-off
date. The Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan and the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan are each an asset of the issuing
entity and are each part of a loan combination that includes the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan or the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio
Mortgage Loan and one other pari passu loan, each of which is not an asset of the issuing entity. The other pari passu portion
of each loan combination was securitized in the COMM 2016-CCRE28 Mortgage Trust transaction, Commission File Number 333-206705-01 (the
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 Transaction ). These loan combinations, including the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan and the Santa
Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan, are being serviced and administered pursuant to the pooling and servicing agreement for the
COMM 2016-CCRE28 Transaction, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The Exhibit Index describes exhibits provided by certain parties (in their
capacities indicated on the Exhibit Index) with respect to the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, which constituted approximately
6.2 of the asset pool of the issuing entity as of its cut-off date. The Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan is an asset
of the issuing entity and is part of a loan combination that includes the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and four other pari
passu loans, which are not assets of the issuing entity. This loan combination, including the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage
Loan, was serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement for the issuing entity prior to the closing of the securitization of a pari
passu portion of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets loan combination in the DBJPM 2016-C1 Mortgage Trust transaction, Commission File
Number 333-206705-03 (the DBJPM 2016-C1 Transaction ). After the closing of the DBJPM 2016-C1 Transaction on April
19, 2016, this loan combination, including the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan was, and will continue to be, serviced and administered
pursuant to the pooling and servicing agreement with respect to the DBJPM 2016-C1 Transaction, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit
4.3 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The Exhibit Index describes exhibits provided by certain parties (in their
capacities indicated on the Exhibit Index) with respect to the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, which constituted approximately
2.5 of the asset pool of the issuing entity as of its cut-off date. The Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan is an asset of
the issuing entity and is part of a loan combination that includes the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and four other pari
passu loans, which are not assets of the issuing entity. This loan combination, including the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan,
was serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement for the issuing entity prior to the closing of the securitization of a pari
passu portion of the Birch Run Premium Outlets loan combination in the CD 2016-CD2 Mortgage Trust transaction, Commission File Number
333-206705-07 (the CD 2016-CD2 Transaction ). After the closing of the CD 2016-CD2 Transaction on December 8, 2016,
this loan combination, including the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan was, and will continue to be, serviced and administered pursuant
to the pooling and servicing agreement with respect to the CD 2016-CD2 Transaction, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.4
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The master servicer of a pooling and servicing agreement or trust and servicing
agreement also functions as the primary servicer of the related mortgage loans serviced and administered pursuant to such agreement unless
a separate primary servicer is identified herein. If this report does not identify a separate primary servicer, the servicer compliance
statement provided by the master servicer under any such agreement also encompasses its responsibilities as primary servicer of the related
mortgage loan or mortgage loans. 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association is the master servicer of the mortgage
loans serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (except with respect to those mortgage loans for which KeyBank National Association
is the primary servicer) and the primary servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan,
the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan. As a result, Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association is a servicer as defined in Item 1108(a)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB, in the capacities described above, because
it is servicing mortgage loans that constituted 10 or more of the assets of the issuing entity as of its cut-off date. The assessments
of compliance with applicable servicing criteria, accountants attestation reports and servicer compliance statements delivered
by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in the capacities described above are listed in the Exhibit Index. 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association is the custodian of the Williamsburg
Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and the Santa Monica Multifamily
Portfolio Mortgage Loan. As a result, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association is a servicing function participant in the capacities described
above, because it is servicing mortgage loans that constituted 5 or more of the assets of the issuing entity as of its cut-off date.
The assessments of compliance with applicable servicing criteria and accountants attestation reports delivered by Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association in the capacities described above are listed in the Exhibit Index. 

 CWCapital Asset Management LLC is the special servicer of the mortgage loans
serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan and the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage
Loan. As a result, CWCapital Asset Management LLC is a servicer as defined in Item 1108(a)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB, in
the capacities described above, because it is servicing mortgage loans that constituted 10 or more of the assets of the issuing entity
as of its cut-off date. The assessments of compliance with applicable servicing criteria, accountants attestation reports and servicer
compliance statements delivered by CWCapital Asset Management LLC in the capacities described above are listed in the Exhibit Index. 

 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC is the operating advisor of the mortgage
loans serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, the Promenade Gateway Mortgage
Loan, the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan. As a result, Park Bridge Lender
Services LLC is a servicing function participant in the capacities described above, because it is servicing mortgage loans that constituted
5 or more of the assets of the issuing entity as of its cut-off date. The assessments of compliance with applicable servicing criteria
and accountants attestation reports delivered by Park Bridge Lender Services LLC in the capacities described above are listed in
the Exhibit Index. 

 KeyBank National Association is the primary servicer of the mortgage loans
serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and the special servicer of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan. As a result,
KeyBank National Association is a servicer as defined in Item 1108(a)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB, in the capacities described
above, because it is servicing mortgage loans that constituted 10 or more of the assets of the issuing entity as of its cut-off date.
The assessments of compliance with applicable servicing criteria, accountants attestation reports and servicer compliance statements
delivered by KeyBank National Association in the capacities described above are listed in the Exhibit Index. 

 Wilmington Trust, National Association acts as trustee of the mortgage loans
serviced under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage
Loan, the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan. Pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement, the pooling and servicing agreement for the COMM 2016-CCRE28 Transaction, the pooling and servicing agreement for the DBJPM
2016-C1 Transaction and the pooling and servicing agreement for the CD 2016-CD2 Transaction, the trustee is required to provide an assessment
of compliance with applicable servicing criteria solely with respect to Item 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB (regarding advances of funds
or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made,
reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements). However, during the reporting period, the trustee did not perform any
servicing function with respect to the servicing criteria specified in Item 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB. The master servicer or the
special servicer, to the extent required, performed the servicing function identified with respect to Item 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation
AB, and each such party included Item 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB in the assessment of compliance with applicable servicing criteria
and accountant s attestation report for the subject transaction. As a result, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an assessment of compliance with applicable servicing criteria of the trustee. One or more other servicers of the mortgage loans serviced
under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan,
the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan have delivered one or more assessments
of compliance with respect to Item 1122(d)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB. 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes assessments of compliance with applicable
servicing criteria and accountants attestation reports from CoreLogic Solutions, LLC. This entity was engaged by the master
servicer under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (except with respect to those mortgage loans for which KeyBank National Association
is the primary servicer) and the primary servicer of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage
Loan, the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan to remit tax payments received from
the escrow accounts of borrowers to local taxing authorities, to report tax amounts due, to verify tax parcel information, and to verify
non-escrow tax payments. These servicing functions are included within the servicing criteria set forth in Items 1122(d)(4)(xi) and 1122(d)(4)(xii)
of Regulation AB. Therefore, under the principles-based definition of servicer set forth in Item 1101(j) of Regulation
AB that looks to the functions that an entity performs, this vendor is a servicer for the purposes of Item 1122 of Regulation
AB. See Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Section 301.01 (Item 1101(j)). 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes an assessment of compliance with
applicable servicing criteria, accountants attestation report and servicer compliance statement from Computershare Trust Company,
National Association CTCNA ). CTCNA was engaged by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ),
in its capacity as certificate administrator and custodian, to perform certain specified servicing functions identified in the assessment
of compliance with applicable servicing criteria and accountants attestation reports. Wells Fargo engaged CTCNA in connection with
the sale of Wells Fargo s corporate trust services business to CTCNA and its affiliates. Further, under the principles-based definition
of servicer set forth in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB that looks to the functions that an entity performs, this party is
a servicer for the purposes of Item 1123 of Regulation AB. See Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Section 301.01
(Item 1101(j)). 

 The assessments of compliance with applicable servicing criteria, accountants 
attestation reports and servicer compliance statements of the certificate administrator of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, the Santa
Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan, the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan and the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage
Loan are omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K as the certificate administrator pursuant to the related pooling and servicing agreement
or trust and servicing agreement does not perform any activities that address servicing criteria with respect to the issuing entity and
because they are each not a servicer that meets the criteria in Item 1108(a)(2)(i) through (iii) of Regulation AB. 

 With respect to the pari passu loan combination that includes the
Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, the servicer compliance statement of Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National
Association as special servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, listed on the Exhibit Index is omitted from this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as it is not required by Item 1123 of Regulation AB to be included on this Annual Report on Form 10-K because it is
an unaffiliated party that is not a servicer that meets the criteria in Item 1108(a)(2)(i) through (iii) of Regulation AB. 

 PART I 

 Item 1. Business. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

 None. 

 Item 2. Properties. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

 Not applicable. 

 PART II 

 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 6. 

 [Reserved]. 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 9B. Other Information. 

 None. 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

 None. 

 PART III 

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

 Omitted. 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

 Omitted. 

 ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE ITEMS FOR REGULATION AB 

 Item 1112(b) of Regulation AB, Significant Obligor Financial Information. 

 No single obligor represents 10 or more of the pool assets held by the issuing
entity. 

 Item 1114(b)(2) of Regulation AB, Significant Enhancement Provider
Financial Information. 

 No entity or group of affiliated entities
provides any external credit enhancement or other support for the certificates within this transaction as described under Item 1114(a)
of Regulation AB. 

 Item 1115(b) of Regulation AB, Certain Derivatives Instruments (Financial
Information). 

 No entity or group of affiliated entities provides any derivative instruments
or other support for the certificates within this transaction as described under Item 1115 of Regulation AB. 

 Item 1117 of Regulation AB, Legal Proceedings. 

 The registrant knows of no material pending legal proceeding involving the
trust or any party related to the trust, other than routine litigation incidental to the duties of those respective parties, and the following,
with respect to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Certificate Administrator and Custodian, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Certificate Administrator and Custodian, and CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer. 

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas DBTCA and Deutsche Bank National
Trust Company DBNTC have been sued by investors in civil litigation concerning their role as trustees of certain residential
mortgage-backed securities RMBS trusts. 

On June 18, 2014, a group of investors, including funds managed by Blackrock Advisors,
LLC, PIMCO-Advisors, L.P., and others, filed an action against DBNTC and DBTCA in New York State Supreme Court alleging that DBNTC and
DBTCA failed to perform purported duties, as trustees for 544 private-label RMBS trusts, to enforce breaches of representations and warranties
as to mortgage loans held by the trusts and to enforce breaches by servicers of their mortgage loan servicing obligations for the trusts.
During the course of the litigation, plaintiffs dismissed the case from New York State Supreme Court and refiled two separate cases, one
in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the BlackRock SDNY Case and the other in the Superior
Court of California, Orange County (the BlackRock California Case ). Pursuant to a settlement among the parties, the
 BlackRock SDNY Case was dismissed on December 6, 2018, and the BlackRock California Case was dismissed on January 11, 2019. 

On September 27, 2017, DBTCA was added as a defendant to a case brought by certain
special purpose entities including Phoenix Light SF Limited in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, in which
the plaintiffs previously alleged incorrectly that DBNTC served as trustee for all 43 of the trusts at issue. On September 27, 2017, plaintiffs
filed a third amended complaint that names DBTCA as a defendant in addition to DBNTC. DBTCA serves as trustee for one of the 43 trusts
at issue. DBNTC serves as trustee for the other 42 trusts at issue. Plaintiffs third amended complaint brings claims for violation
of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939 TIA breach of contract; breach of fiduciary duty; negligence and gross negligence;
violation of New York s Streit Act; and breach of the covenant of good faith. However, in the third amended complaint, plaintiffs
acknowledge that, before DBTCA was added to the case, the court dismissed plaintiffs TIA Act claims, negligence and gross negligence
claims, Streit Act claims, claims for breach of the covenant of good faith, and certain theories of plaintiffs breach of contract
claims, and plaintiffs only include these claims to preserve any rights on appeal. Plaintiffs allege damages of hundreds of millions
of dollars. On November 13, 2017, DBNTC and DBTCA filed an answer to the third amended complaint. On December 7, 2018, DBNTC and
DBTCA filed a motion for summary judgment. Also on December 7, 2018, plaintiffs, jointly with Commerzbank AG (see description of Commerzbank
case below), filed a motion for partial summary judgment. On October 27, 2021, DBNTC and DBTCA filed a supplemental motion for summary
judgment relating to plaintiffs standing. On February 8, 2022, the court issued an order in which it granted DBNTC and DBTCA s
supplemental motion for summary judgment, granted in part DBNTC and DBTCA s initial motion for summary judgment, and denied plaintiffs 
motion for partial summary judgment. As a result of that order, all of plaintiffs claims were dismissed with prejudice. On March
10, 2022, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit with respect to the court s
orders on the motions to dismiss and for summary judgment. 

On November 30, 2017, DBTCA was added as a defendant to a case brought by Commerzbank
AG Commerzbank in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, in which Commerzbank previously alleged
incorrectly that DBNTC served as trustee for all 50 of the trusts at issue. On November 30, 2017, Commerzbank filed a second amended complaint
that names DBTCA as a defendant in addition to DBNTC. DBTCA serves as trustee for 1 of the 50 trusts at issue. DBNTC serves as trustee
for the other 49 trusts at issue. Commerzbank s second amended complaint brings claims for violation of the TIA; breach of contract;
breach of fiduciary duty; negligence; violation of the Streit Act; and breach of the covenant of good faith. However, in the second amended
complaint, Commerzbank acknowledges that, before DBTCA was added to the case, the court dismissed Commerzbank s TIA claims for the
trusts governed by pooling and servicing agreements, as well as its Streit Act claims and claims for breach of the covenant of good faith,
and Commerzbank only includes these claims to preserve any rights on appeal. The second amended complaint alleges that DBNTC and DBTCA
caused Commerzbank to suffer hundreds of millions of dollars in losses, but the complaint does not include a demand for
money damages in a sum certain. On January 29, 2018, DBNTC and DBTCA filed an answer to the second amended complaint. On December 7, 2018,
DBNTC and DBTCA filed a motion for summary judgment. Also on December 7, 2018, Commerzbank, jointly with the Phoenix Light plaintiffs,
filed a motion for partial summary judgment. On February 8, 2022, the court issued an order in which it granted in part DBNTC and DBTCA s
motion for summary judgment and denied plaintiffs motion for partial summary judgment. As a result of that order, many of plaintiffs 
claims and theories were dismissed with prejudice. Discovery is ongoing. 

On December 30, 2015, IKB International, S.A. in Liquidation and IKB Deutsche Industriebank
A.G. (collectively, IKB ), as an investor in 37 RMBS trusts, filed a summons with notice in the Supreme Court of the State
of New York, New York County, against DBNTC and DBTCA as trustees of the trusts. On May 27, 2016, IKB served its complaint asserting claims
for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty to avoid conflicts of interest, violation of the Streit Act, violation
of the TIA, violation of Regulation AB, and violation of Section 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. IKB alleges that DBNTC and DBTCA are
liable for over U.S. 268 million in damages. On October 5, 2016, DBNTC and DBTCA, together with several other trustees defending lawsuits
by IKB, filed a joint motion to dismiss. On January 6, 2017 and June 20, 2017, IKB voluntarily dismissed with prejudice all claims as
to seven trusts. On January 27, 2021, the court granted in part and denied in part DBNTC and DBTCA s motion to dismiss. The court
granted the motion to dismiss with respect to IKB s claims for violations of the Streit Act, Regulation AB, and Section 9 of the
Uniform Commercial Code, as well as certain aspects of IKB s claims for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, and violation
of the TIA. The court denied the remainder of the motion to dismiss. IKB s remaining claims for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary
duty, breach of duty to avoid conflicts of interest, and violation of the TIA will proceed. On May 10, 2021, DBNTC and DBTCA filed a notice
of appeal with the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division, First Department, regarding certain aspects of the court s order on
the motion to dismiss. On May 20, 2021, IKB filed a notice of cross appeal with respect to other aspects of that order. On August 30,
2022, the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division, First Department affirmed in part and reversed in part the court s order on
the motion to dismiss. On November 10, 2022, the First Department granted DBNTC and DBTCA s motion for leave to appeal to the Court
of Appeals, and denied IKB s separate motion for reargument and leave to appeal. On June 2, 2021, IKB filed a motion for re-argument
regarding certain aspects of the court s order on the motion to dismiss, which the court denied on August 3, 2021. On May 13, 2021,
DBNTC and DBTCA filed an answer to the complaint. On October 28, 2021, the parties filed a stipulation, voluntarily dismissing with prejudice
all claims as to seven additional trusts. On December 29, 2021, the parties filed a stipulation, voluntarily dismissing with prejudice
all claims as to one additional trust. On April 22, 2022, the parties filed a stipulation, voluntarily dismissing with prejudice all claims
as to 17 certificates at issue (including all claims as to 5 trusts), leaving 17 trusts at issue. Discovery is ongoing. 

It is DBTCA s belief that it has no pending legal proceedings (including,
based on DBTCA s present evaluation, the litigation disclosed in the foregoing paragraphs) that would materially affect its ability
to perform its duties under the related servicing agreement. 

 In December 2014, Phoenix Light SF Limited (Phoenix Light) and certain related
entities filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging claims against Wells Fargo
Bank, N.A., in its capacity as trustee for a number of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) trusts. Complaints raising similar
allegations have been filed by Commerzbank AG in the Southern District of New York and by IKB International and IKB Deutsche Industriebank
in New York state court. In each case, the plaintiffs allege that Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, caused losses to investors, and
plaintiffs assert causes of action based upon, among other things, the trustee s alleged failure to notify and enforce repurchase
obligations of mortgage loan sellers for purported breaches of representations and warranties, notify investors of alleged events of default,
and abide by appropriate standards of care following alleged events of default. In July 2022, the district court dismissed Phoenix Light s
claims and certain of the claims asserted by Commerzbank AG, and subsequently entered judgment in each case in favor of Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A. In August 2022, Phoenix Light and Commerzbank AG appealed the district court s decision to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. The Company previously settled two class actions filed by institutional investors and an action filed by the National
Credit Union Administration with similar allegations. In addition, Park Royal I LLC and Park Royal II LLC have filed substantially similar
lawsuits in New York state court alleging Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, failed to take appropriate actions upon learning of defective
mortgage loan documentation. 

 From time to time, CWCapital Asset Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company CWCAM ), is a party to lawsuits and other legal proceedings as part of its duties as a special servicer (e.g., enforcement
of loan obligations) and/or arising in the ordinary course of business. Other than as set forth in the following paragraphs, there are
currently no legal proceedings pending, and no legal proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities, against CWCAM or
of which any of its property is the subject, that are material to the certificateholders. 

 On December 17, 2015, U.S. Bank National Association, the trustee under five
pooling and servicing agreements for (i) Wachovia Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-C30, (ii) COBALT CMBS Commercial Trust 2007-C2,
(iii) Wachovia Bank Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-C31, (iv) ML-CFC Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-5 and (v) ML-CFC Commercial Mortgage
Trust 2007-6 commenced a proceeding with the Second Judicial District Court of Ramsey County, Minnesota (the State Court for a declaratory judgment as to the proper allocation of certain proceeds Disputed Proceeds received by CWCAM in connection
with the sale of the Peter Cooper Village and Stuyvesant Town property in New York, New York securing loans held by those trusts. CWCAM
was the special servicer of such property. The petition requests the State Court to instruct the trustee, the trust beneficiaries, and
any other interested parties as to the amount of the Disputed Proceeds, if any, that constitute penalty interest and/or the amount of
the Disputed Proceeds, if any, that constitute gain-on-sale proceeds, with respect to each trust. On February 24, 2016, CWCAM made a limited
appearance with the State Court to file a motion to dismiss this proceeding based on lack of jurisdiction, mootness, standing and forum
non conveniens. On July 19, 2016, the State Court denied CWCAM s motion to dismiss. On July 22, 2016, the action was removed to
federal court in Minnesota Federal Court ). On October 21, 2016, the Federal Court held a hearing on the motion to transfer
the action to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York SDNY Court ), a motion to remand to
state court and a motion to hear CWCAM s request for reconsideration of the motion to dismiss. On March 14, 2017, the Federal Court
reserved the determination on the motion to hear CWCAM s request for reconsideration of the motion to dismiss, denied the motion
to remand the matter to state court and granted the motion to transfer the proceeding to the SDNY Court. Cross motions for judgment on
the pleadings were filed but the SDNY Court was unable to decide the case based on the pleadings and the SDNY Court ordered discovery.
All fact discovery was completed in December, 2018 and expert discovery was completed on March 15, 2019. The parties submitted cross motions
for summary judgment, and on March 19, 2020, the SDNY Court entered an opinion and order in which it granted summary judgment in CWCAM s
favor and held that CWCAM was entitled to the entire amount of penalty interest and that CWCAM s determination of Yield Maintenance
was correct. In the 127-page opinion, the SDNY Court found for CWCAM on every issue presented by the trustee s petition, namely,
that the funds in dispute constitute penalty interest and yield maintenance, not gain-on-sale proceeds, and that the amount of penalty
interest and yield maintenance was correctly calculated. An appeal of the SDNY Court s decision was taken on April 29, 2020. Oral
argument on the appeal occurred on June 21, 2021. On July 14, 2022, the Second Circuit entered a decision affirming in part and reversing
in part the SDNY Court s decision and remanding to the SDNY Court for further proceedings. The Second Circuit affirmed the SDNY s
Court holding that Penalty Interest and Yield Maintenance are paid before Gain-On-Sale Proceeds. The Second Circuit reversed and remanded
for further proceedings that portion of the SDNY Court s decision related to approximately 67.2 million in interest on advances.
On January 13, 2023, the parties entered into a settlement agreement, in which (among other things) they agreed to stipulate that the
amount of interest on advances that accrued on or before June 3, 2014 is 27.5 million, and that CWCAM would pay that amount into escrow
for distribution to certificateholders upon the entry of an order by the Court approving the settlement. U.S. Bank National Association,
as Trustee for the trusts, provided notice of the settlement to all parties in interest via a notice program approved by the Court. A
hearing on the settlement is scheduled for March 16, 2023. 

 On December 1, 2017, a complaint against CWCAM and others was filed in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York styled as CWCapital Cobalt Vr Ltd. v. CWCapital Investments LLC, et
al., No. 17-cv-9463 (the Original Complaint ). The gravamen of the Original Complaint alleged breaches of a contract and
fiduciary duties by CWCAM s affiliate, CWCapital Investments LLC in its capacity as collateral manager for the collateralized debt
obligation transaction involving CWCapital Cobalt Vr, Ltd. In total, there are 14 counts pled in the Original Complaint. Of those 14,
5 claims were asserted against CWCAM for aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, conversion and unjust enrichment. On May 23, 2018,
the Original Complaint was dismissed for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. On June 28, 2018, CWCapital Cobalt Vr Ltd. filed a substantially
similar complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York styled as CWCapital Cobalt Vr Ltd. v. CWCapital Investments
LLC, et al., Index No. 653277/2018 (the New Complaint ). The gravamen of the New Complaint is the same as the previous complaint
filed in the United State District Court for the Southern District of New York. In total there are 16 counts pled in the New Complaint.
Of those 16 counts, 5 claims were asserted against CWCAM for aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, conversion and unjust enrichment,
1 count seeks a declaratory judgement that the plaintiff has the right to enforce the contracts in question and 1 count seeks an injunction
requiring the defendants to recognize the plaintiff as the directing holder for the trusts in question. On January 11, 2019, the plaintiff
dismissed with prejudice the declaratory judgment and injunction counts. The New Complaint and related summons was not served on the defendants
until July 13, 2018 and July 16, 2018. The plaintiff s motion for a preliminary injunction was denied by the court on July 31, 2018.
On August 3, 2018, the defendants, including CWCAM, filed a motion to dismiss the New Complaint in its entirety. On August 20, 2019, the
court entered an order granting defendants motion almost in its entirety, dismissing 11 of the 16 counts and partially dismissing
2 additional counts. Of the remaining counts, 2 are asserted against CWCAM for aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty and unjust
enrichment. On September 19, 2019, CWCapital Cobalt Vr Ltd. filed a notice of appeal relating to the August 20, 2019 dismissal order and
on September 26, 2019, filed an amended complaint against CWCI and CWCAM attempting to address deficiencies relating to certain of the
claims dismissed by the August 20, 2019 order. CWCI and CWCAM filed its Motion to Dismiss the amended complaint on October 28, 2019. The
court heard argument on the Motion to Dismiss the amended complaint on January 22, 2020 and on October 23, 2020, the court granted the
motion dismissing the amended claims. On November 30, 2020, CWCapital Cobalt Vr Ltd filed a notice of appeal relating to the October 23,
2020 dismissal order. On April 27, 2021, the First Department affirmed the dismissal as to claims against CWCAM that were part of the
August 20, 2019 dismissal, but reversed the dismissal of two counts for breach of the Collateral Management Agreement against CWCI. CWCI
sought leave to file an appeal of the decision. The plaintiff also sought leave to appeal the dismissal of the claims against CWCAM. Both
requests for leave were denied by the First Department. On May 15, 2020, CWCI and CWCAM filed a motion to renew its motion to dismiss
as to 4 of the remaining counts (including the remaining two counts against CWCAM for aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty and
unjust enrichment), based on a decision entered by Judge Failla in a trust instruction proceeding in the US District Court for the Southern
District of New York awarding summary judgment in favor of CWCAM. On September 7, 2021, the court denied the motion to renew. CWCI and
CWCAM filed a notice of appeal, which they perfected by the filing of their opening brief on July 1, 2022. On November 15, 2022, the First
Department affirmed the court s denial of the motion to renew. On October 1, 2021, CWCI and CWCAM moved to reargue the denial of
the motion to renew (or alternatively, the motion to dismiss) with respect to certain of Cobalt s claims, including the remaining
2 claims against CWCAM, based on the First Department s April 27, 2021 decision. On March 24, 2022, the court denied the relief
sought in the motion to reargue. CWCI and CWCAM have appealed the court s decision on the motion to reargue and filed their opening
brief on July 11, 2022. The appeal was dismissed as being non-appealable on August 30, 2022. CWCAM believes that it has performed its
obligations under the related pooling and servicing agreements in good faith and the remaining allegations in the New Complaint are without
merit. 

 Item 1119 of Regulation AB, Affiliations and Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions. 

 The information regarding this Item has been previously provided in the prospectus
of the Registrant relating to the issuing entity filed on March 16, 2016 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2). 

 Item 1122 of Regulation AB, Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria. 

 The reports on assessments of compliance with the servicing criteria for
asset-backed securities and related attestation reports on such assessments of compliance with respect to the mortgage loans are attached
hereto under Item 15 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Attached as Schedule II to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement incorporated by
reference as Exhibit 4.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is a chart identifying the entities participating in a servicing function
for the transaction responsible for each applicable servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d). 

 The reports on assessments of compliance with the servicing criteria for
asset-backed securities and related attestation reports on such assessments of compliance with respect to the Promenade Gateway Mortgage
Loan and the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan, which are being serviced and administered pursuant to the pooling and servicing
agreement for the COMM 2016-CCRE28 Transaction, are attached hereto under Item 15 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Attached as Schedule
II to the pooling and servicing agreement for the COMM 2016-CCRE28 Transaction incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K is a chart identifying the entities participating in a servicing function for the COMM 2016-CCRE28 Transaction responsible
for each applicable servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d). 

 The reports on assessments of compliance with the servicing criteria for
asset-backed securities and related attestation reports on such assessments of compliance with respect to the Williamsburg Premium Outlets
Mortgage Loan, which is being serviced and administered pursuant to the pooling and servicing agreement for the DBJPM 2016-C1 Transaction,
are attached hereto under Item 15 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Attached as Schedule II to the pooling and servicing agreement for
the DBJPM 2016-C1 Transaction incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.3 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is a chart identifying the entities
participating in a servicing function for the DBJPM 2016-C1 Transaction responsible for each applicable servicing criteria set forth in
Item 1122(d). 

 The reports on assessments of compliance with the servicing criteria for
asset-backed securities and related attestation reports on such assessments of compliance with respect to the Birch Run Premium Outlets
Mortgage Loan, which is being serviced and administered pursuant to the pooling and servicing agreement for the CD 2016-CD2 Transaction,
are attached hereto under Item 15 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Attached as Schedule II to the pooling and servicing agreement for
the CD 2016-CD2 Transaction incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.4 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is a chart identifying the entities
participating in a servicing function for the CD 2016-CD2 Transaction responsible for each applicable servicing criteria set forth in
Item 1122(d). 

 The report on assessment of compliance for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, furnished pursuant to Item 1122 of Regulation AB by KeyBank National Association KeyBank ), as
servicer, discloses that the following material instance of noncompliance occurred with respect to its platform: 

 The examination performed by Ernst Young LLP identified an instance
of material noncompliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d)(4)(ix) of Regulation AB applicable to KeyBank during the
year ended December 31, 2022. During compliance testing, it was discovered, that not all FlexARM loan mortgagors were offered loan rates
within 45-60 days before the rate change date, as required per the related pool asset documents. Per the related note, if the holder fails
to offer a loan rate within 45-60 days of any change date a margin of 2.25 is to be used. Given the notification was not made to the
borrowers, a 3 margin was incorrectly applied. The noncompliance in Item 1122 (d)(4)(ix) is related to a servicing portfolio which is
wholly owned by the investor and is not held in a publicly traded security. 

 The following remediation procedures have been initiated by KeyBank: (i)
the impacted mortgage loans are currently in the process of being identified, (ii) investor contact has been initiated, (iii) corrective
actions are being considered and will be tracked and monitored by senior management, (iv) procedures will be reviewed and revised, if
necessary, to include new tracking and action steps to prevent this situation from recurring in the future, and (v) training will be provided
to the relevant staff members to prevent a recurrence. 

 Item 1123 of Regulation AB, Servicer Compliance Statement. 

 The servicer compliance statements are attached as Exhibits to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a) The following is a list of documents filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K: 

 (1) Not applicable 

 (2) Not applicable 

 (3) See below 

4.1 Pooling and Servicing Agreement, dated as
of March 1, 2016, by and among Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation, as Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Master Servicer, CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas, as Certificate Administrator, Paying Agent and Custodian, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor,
and Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Asset Representations Reviewer (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference herein). 

4.2 Pooling and Servicing Agreement, dated as
of February 1, 2016, by and among Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation, as Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Master Servicer, Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association, as Special Servicer, Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as Trustee, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Certificate Administrator, Paying Agent and Custodian, Park Bridge
Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor, and Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Asset Representations Reviewer (filed as 99.5 to the
registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference
herein). 

4.3 Pooling and Servicing Agreement, dated as
of April 1, 2016, by and among Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation, as Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Master Servicer, Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association, as Special Servicer, Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as Trustee, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Certificate Administrator, Paying Agent and Custodian, Park Bridge
Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor, and Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Asset Representations Reviewer (filed as Exhibit 99.1
to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated
by reference herein). 

4.4 Pooling and Servicing Agreement, dated
as of December 1, 2016, by and among Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation, as Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Master Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Special Servicer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as Certificate Administrator, Paying Agent and Custodian, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor,
and Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Asset Representations Reviewer (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference herein). 

31 Rule 13a-14(d)/15d-14(d) Certifications. 

33 Reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities. 

33.1 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Master Servicer 

33.2 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer 

33.3 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

33.4 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

33.5 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor 

33.6 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant 

33.7 KeyBank National Association, as Primary Servicer 

33.8 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.1) 

33.9 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.2) 

33.10 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory
Notes.) 

33.11 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Custodian of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.4) 

33.12 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.5) 

33.13 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.6) 

33.14 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.1) 

33.15 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.2) 

33.16 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

33.17 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Custodian of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.4) 

33.18 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.5) 

33.19 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.6) 

33.20 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.1) 

33.21 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.2) 

33.22 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

33.23 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan 

33.24 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.5) 

33.25 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.6) 

33.26 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian 

33.27 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.1) 

33.28 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.2) 

33.29 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory
Notes.) 

33.30 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.23) 

33.31 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.5) 

33.32 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.6) 

33.33 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian (see Exhibit 33.26) 

33.34 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.1) 

33.35 Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association, as Special Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage
Loan 

33.36 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

33.37 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.23) 

33.38 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.5) 

33.39 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.6) 

33.40 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian (see Exhibit 33.26) 

33.41 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.1) 

33.42 KeyBank National Association, as Special Servicer of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.7) 

33.43 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

33.44 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.23) 

33.45 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.5) 

33.46 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 33.6) 

33.47 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian (see Exhibit 33.26) 

34 Attestation reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities. 

34.1 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Master Servicer 

34.2 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer 

34.3 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

34.4 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

34.5 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor 

34.6 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant 

34.7 KeyBank National Association, as Primary Servicer 

34.8 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.1) 

34.9 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.2) 

34.10 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory
Notes.) 

34.11 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Custodian of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.4) 

34.12 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.5) 

34.13 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.6) 

34.14 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.1) 

34.15 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.2) 

34.16 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

34.17 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Custodian of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.4) 

34.18 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.5) 

34.19 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.6) 

34.20 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.1) 

34.21 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.2) 

34.22 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

34.23 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan 

34.24 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.5) 

34.25 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.6) 

34.26 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian 

34.27 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.1) 

34.28 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.2) 

34.29 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory
Notes.) 

34.30 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.23) 

34.31 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.5) 

34.32 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.6) 

34.33 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian (see Exhibit 34.26) 

34.34 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.1) 

34.35 Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association, as Special Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage
Loan 

34.36 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

34.37 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.23) 

34.38 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.5) 

34.39 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.6) 

34.40 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian (see Exhibit 34.26) 

34.41 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.1) 

34.42 KeyBank National Association, as Special Servicer of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.7) 

34.43 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

34.44 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.23) 

34.45 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.5) 

34.46 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 34.6) 

34.47 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian (see Exhibit 34.26) 

35 Servicer compliance statements. 

35.1 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Master Servicer 

35.2 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer 

35.3 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Certificate Administrator 

35.4 KeyBank National Association, as Primary Servicer 

35.5 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.1) 

35.6 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Intercontinental Kansas City Hotel Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.2) 

35.7 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.1) 

35.8 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Columbus Park Crossing Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.2) 

35.9 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.1) 

35.10 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.2) 

35.11 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.1) 

35.12 CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer of the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.2) 

35.13 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.1) 

35.14 Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association, as Special Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage
Loan (Omitted. See Explanatory Notes.) 

35.15 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.1) 

35.16 KeyBank National Association, as Special Servicer of the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan (see Exhibit 35.4) 

99.1 Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as
of March 3, 2016, between Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation and German American Capital Corporation (filed as Exhibit
99.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated
by reference herein) 

99.2 Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as
of March 3, 2016, between Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation and KeyBank National Association (filed as Exhibit 99.2
to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated
by reference herein) 

99.3 Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as
of March 3, 2016, between Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation and Jefferies LoanCore LLC (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the
registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference
herein) 

99.4 Primary Servicing Agreement, dated as of
March 1, 2016, between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and KeyBank National Association (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference herein) 

99.5 Co-Lender Agreement, dated as of March
16, 2016, between German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-2 Holder
(filed as Exhibit 99.8 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02
and incorporated by reference herein). 

99.6 Co-Lender Agreement, dated as of
March 16, 2016, between German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-2
Holder (filed as Exhibit 99.10 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No.
333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference herein). 

99.7 Co-Lender Agreement, dated as of
March 16, 2016, between German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-2
Holder (filed as Exhibit 99.11 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No.
333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference herein). 

99.8 Co-Lender Agreement, dated as of
December 4, 2015, between Jefferies LoanCore LLC, as Note A-1 Holder, and Jefferies LoanCore LLC, as Note A-2 Holder (filed as Exhibit
99.6 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated
by reference herein). 

99.9 Co-Lender Agreement, dated as of
February 10, 2016, between German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-2
Holder (filed as Exhibit 99.7 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02
and incorporated by reference herein). 

99.10 Co-Lender Agreement, dated as of
March 16, 2016, between German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-2
Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-3 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-4 Holder, and
German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-5 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-6 Holder (filed as Exhibit
99.9 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated
by reference herein). 

99.11 Co-Lender Agreement, dated as of March
16, 2016, between German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1-A Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1-B Holder,
and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-2 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-3 Holder, and German American
Capital Corporation, as Note A-4 Holder (filed as Exhibit 99.12 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16,
2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference herein). 

99.12 Second Amended and Restated Co-Lender
Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2016, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, for the benefit of the holders of the
COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-DC2, as Note A-1-A Holder, and German American
Capital Corporation, as Note A-1-B1 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-1-B2 Holder, and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as Trustee, for the benefit of the holders of the COMM 2016-DC1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates
Series 2016-DC1, as Note A-2-A Holder and Note A-4 Holder, and German American Capital Corporation, as Note A-2-B Holder, and German American
Capital Corporation, as Note A-3 Holder (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
14, 2016 under Commission File No. 333-206705-02 and incorporated by reference herein). 

 (b) The exhibits required to be
filed by the Registrant pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed above. 

 (c) Not Applicable. 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation 
(Depositor) 

 /s/ Helaine M. Kaplan 

 Helaine M. Kaplan, President 

 (senior officer in charge of securitization of the depositor) 

 Date: March 17, 2023 

 /s/ Matt Smith 

 Matt Smith, Director 

 Date: March 17, 2023 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm

EX-31 Rule 13a-14(d)/15d-14(d) Certifications. 

I, Helaine M. Kaplan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K and all reports on Form 10-D required to be filed
in respect of the period covered by this report on Form 10-K of the COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust (the Exchange Act periodic reports 

2. Based on my knowledge, the Exchange Act periodic reports, taken as a whole, do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, all of the distribution, servicing and other information required
to be provided under Form 10-D for the period covered by this report is included in the Exchange Act periodic reports; 

4. Based on my knowledge and the servicer compliance statements required in this report under
Item 1123 of Regulation AB, and except as disclosed in the Exchange Act periodic reports, the servicers have fulfilled their obligations
under the servicing agreements in all material respects; and 

5. All of the reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed
securities and their related attestation reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities required
to be included in this report in accordance with Item 1122 of Regulation AB and Exchange Act Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 have been included
as an exhibit to this report, except as otherwise disclosed in this report. Any material instances of noncompliance described in such
reports have been disclosed in this report on Form 10-K. 

In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on information provided to me
by the following unaffiliated parties: 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Master Servicer, CWCapital Asset Management LLC,
as Special Servicer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor, CoreLogic
Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant, KeyBank National Association, as Primary Servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Primary Servicer for the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, CWCapital Asset Management LLC, as Special Servicer for the Promenade Gateway
Mortgage Loan, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee for the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as Custodian for the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor for the Promenade
Gateway Mortgage Loan, CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant for the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, Computershare
Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian for the Promenade Gateway Mortgage Loan, Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer for the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan, CWCapital Asset Management
LLC, as Special Servicer for the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee
for the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian for the Santa Monica Multifamily
Portfolio Mortgage Loan, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor for the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan,
CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant for the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage Loan, Computershare Trust
Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian for the Santa Monica Multifamily Portfolio Mortgage
Loan, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer for the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, Midland Loan Services,
a Division of PNC Bank, National Association, as Special Servicer for the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, Wilmington Trust,
National Association, as Trustee for the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian
for the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor for the Williamsburg Premium
Outlets Mortgage Loan, CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, as Servicing Function Participant for the Williamsburg Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan,
Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian for the Williamsburg Premium Outlets
Mortgage Loan, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Primary Servicer for the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, KeyBank National
Association, as Special Servicer for the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee for
the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Custodian for the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage
Loan, Park Bridge Lender Services LLC, as Operating Advisor for the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, CoreLogic Solutions, LLC,
as Servicing Function Participant for the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan, and Computershare Trust Company, National Association,
as Servicing Function Participant for the Custodian for the Birch Run Premium Outlets Mortgage Loan. 

Dated: March 17,
2023 

/s/ Helaine M. Kaplan 

Helaine M. Kaplan 

 President 

 (senior officer in charge of securitization of the depositor) 

</EX-31>

<EX-33.1>
 3
 ex331.htm

2022 Certification Regarding Compliance with Applicable
Servicing Criteria 

 Management of Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Servicing,
a division of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, (the Company is responsible for assessing compliance with the applicable
servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB of the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the servicing of commercial
and multifamily loans (the Platform ), except for servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(3)(i)(B-D), 1122(d)(3)(ii-iv),
1122(d)(4)(ii), and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to
the Platform, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Appendix A to this letter identifies the commercial mortgage and multifamily
pools and other structures involving the commercial and multifamily loans constituting the Platform. Appendix B to this letter identifies
the applicable servicing criteria with respect to the Platform. 

 With respect to servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(xi)
and 1122(d)(4)(xii), the Company performs applicable activities covered by these criteria, with respect to the Platform, except the Company
has engaged a vendor to perform certain tax payment activities. Such vendor has provided a separate Regulation AB Item 1122 management
assessment and attestation for such activities. 

 With respect to applicable servicing criterion
1122(d)(4)(iii), there were no activities performed during the year ended December 31, 2022 with respect to the Platform, because there
were no occurrences of events that would require the Company to perform such activities. 

 With respect to servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(i),
1122(d)(4)(vi), 1122(d)(4)(xi), and 1122(d)(4)(xii), the Company has engaged various vendors to perform the activities required by these
servicing criteria. The Company's management has determined that none of these vendors is considered a servicer as defined
in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Company's management has elected to take responsibility for assessing compliance with the servicing
criteria applicable to each vendor as permitted by the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation C DI 200.06, Vendors
Engaged by Servicers (C DI 200.06) (formerly SEC Manual of Publicly Available Telephone Interpretations 17.06). The Company has
policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable assurance that the vendors' activities comply in all material respects
with the servicing criteria applicable to each vendor. The Company's management is solely responsible for determining that it meets the
SEC requirements to apply C DI 200.06 for the vendors and related criteria. 

The Company s management has assessed the Company's compliance
with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the
criteria set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB. Based on such assessment,
management believes that, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has complied in all material respects with the servicing
criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB of the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the servicing of the Platform. 

 The Company has not identified and is not aware of
any material instance of noncompliance by the Vendors with the applicable servicing criteria as of December 31, 2022, or for the Reporting
Period with respect to the Platform taken as a whole. 

 The Company has not identified any material deficiency
in its policies and procedures to monitor the compliance by the Vendors with the applicable servicing criteria as of December 31, 2022,
or for the Reporting Period with respect to the Platform taken as a whole. 

 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, has issued an attestation report with respect to management's assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as
of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 February 24, 2023 

Sean Reilly 

 Managing Director, 

 Commercial Mortgage Servicing 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

APPENDIX A 

 Commercial Mortgage Pools, Multifamily Mortgage Pools and
Other Structures 

20 Times Square 2018-20TS 
 (Pearlmark) Prep Investment Advisors WH 
 1 WILLIAM STREET CREDIT INCOME 
 
 1155 AVE OF THE AMERICAS SERVICING 
 1166 AVENUE OF AMERICAS 2005-C6 
 1211 Avenue of the Americas 2015-1211 
 
 1345 Aveneu of the Americas Park Ave FB 2005-1 
 1345FB2005 (COMPANION) 
 2001-CMLB-1 
 
 225 LIBERTY STREET TRUST 2016-225L 
 225 LIBERTY STREET TRUST 2016-225L Companion 
 245 PARK AVE TRUST 2017-245P 
 
 245 PARK AVE TRUST 2017-245P C 
 280 PARK AVENUE 2017-280P 
 299 PARK SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 
 3 WORLD TRADE CENTER 2014 
 7 WORLD TRADE CENTER 
 7 WORLD TRADE CENTER 2012-WTC COMPANION 
 
 733 THIRD SERVICING AGREEMEMNT 
 7th Peak Capital I, LLC 
 A10 2013-1 BACK UP SERVICER 
 
 ACAM 2019-FL1 
 ACAM 2019-FL1 COMPANION 
 ACM 2016-1 
 
 ACM TRAFFORD V LLC WAREHOUSE 
 ACORE ACP II REIT WF LLC 
 ACORE CAPITAL WAREHOUSE 
 
 Acore Credit IV REIT (DB Repo) 
 ACORE Credit IV REIT (MS) SPV LLC 
 ACORE Credit IV REIT (WF) SPV LLC 
 
 ACORE Credit IV REIT II SPV LLC 
 ACORE Credit IV TRS, LLC 
 ACP II REIT MS LLC 
 
 ACRE 2017-FL3 
 ACRE 2021-FL4 
 AFHT 2019-FAIR 
 
 AG MIT CREL (ANGELO GORDON ENTITY) REPO 
 AHPT 2017-ATRM 
 AHPT 2018-ATRM 

APPENDIX A 

AHT 2018-ASHF 
 AHT 2018-KEYS 
 ALEN 2021-ACEN 
 
 AMERICAN EQUITY INVESTMENT LIF 
 AMERICOLD 2010-ART 
 Annaly CRE LLC 
 
 AOA 2015-1177 
 AOA 2021-1177 
 ARCE 2021-FL4 COMPANION 
 
 ARCHETYPE BARCLAYS REPO 
 AREF 2 WH BC LLC 
 AREF 2 WH WF LLC (ARGENTIC) 
 
 AREIT 2018-CLO 
 AREIT 2018-CLO COMPANION 
 AREIT 2018-CRE2 
 
 AREIT 2018-CRE2 COMPANION 
 AREIT 2019-CRE3 
 AREIT 2019-CRE3 COMPANION 
 
 AREIT 2020-CRE4 CLO 
 AREIT 2020-CRE4 COMPANION 
 ARTEMIS REAL ESTATE PARTNERS W 
 
 AVATAR WAREHOUSE 
 Aventura Mall Trust 2018-AVM 
 Aventura Mall Trust 2018-AVM COMPANION 
 
 BACM 2016-UBS10 
 BACM 2017 BNK3 
 BACM 2017 BNK3 COMPANION 
 
 BA-FUNB 2001-3 
 BALDR SHERWOOD FUND WH 
 BAMLL 2013-WBRK 
 
 BAMLL 2014-520M 
 BAMLL 2014-8SPR 
 BAMLL 2014-FL1 COMPANION 
 
 BAMLL 2015-200P 
 BAMLL 2015-ASTR 
 BAMLL 2015-HAUL 
 
 BAMLL 2016-ASHF 
 BAMLL 2016-ISQR 
 BAMLL 2016-SS1 

APPENDIX A 

BAMLL 2017-SCH 
 BAMLL 2017-SCH COMPANION 
 BAMLL 2018-DSNY 
 
 BAMLL 2020-BOC 
 BAMLL 2020-BOC COMPANION 
 BAMLL 2021-JACX 
 
 BANCORP 2016 CRE1 
 BANCORP 2016 CRE1 COMPANION 
 BANCORP 2017-CRE2 
 
 BANCORP 2017-CRE2 COMPANION 
 BANCORP 2018-CRE3 
 BANCORP 2018-CRE3 COMPANION 
 
 BANCORP 2018-CRE4 
 BANCORP 2018-CRE4 COMPANION 
 BANCORP BANK WAREHOUSE 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK4 
 BANK 2017-BNK4 COMPANION 
 BANK 2017-BNK5 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK5 COMPANION 
 BANK 2017-BNK6 
 BANK 2017-BNK6 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK7 
 BANK 2017-BNK7 COMPANION 
 BANK 2017-BNK8 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK8 COMPANION 
 BANK 2017-BNK9 
 BANK 2017-BNK9 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK10 
 BANK 2018-BNK10 COMPANION 
 BANK 2018-BNK11 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK11 COMPANION 
 BANK 2018-BNK12 
 BANK 2018-BNK12 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK13 
 BANK 2018-BNK13 COMPANION 
 BANK 2018-BNK14 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK14 COMPANION 
 BANK 2018-BNK15 
 BANK 2018-BNK15 COMPANION 

APPENDIX A 

BANK 2019-BNK16 
 BANK 2019-BNK16 COMPANION 
 BANK 2019-BNK17 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK17 COMPANION 
 BANK 2019-BNK18 
 BANK 2019-BNK18 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK19 
 BANK 2019-BNK19 COMPANION 
 BANK 2019-BNK20 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK20 COMPANION 
 BANK 2019-BNK21 
 BANK 2019-BNK21 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK22 
 BANK 2019-BNK22 COMPANION 
 BANK 2019-BNK23 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK23 COMPANION 
 BANK 2019-BNK24 
 BANK 2019-BNK24 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK25 
 BANK 2020-BNK25 COMPANION 
 BANK 2020-BNK26 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK26 COMPANION 
 BANK 2020-BNK27 
 BANK 2020-BNK27 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK28 
 BANK 2020-BNK28 COMPANION 
 BANK 2020-BNK29 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK29 COMPANION 
 BANK 2020-BNK30 
 BANK 2020-BNK30 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK31 
 BANK 2021-BNK31 COMPANION 
 BANK 2021-BNK32 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK32 COMPANION 
 BANK 2021-BNK33 
 BANK 2021-BNK33 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK34 
 BANK 2021-BNK34 COMPANION 
 BANK 2021-BNK35 

APPENDIX A 

BANK 2021-BNK35 COMPANION 
 BANK 2021-BNK36 
 BANK 2021-BNK36 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK37 
 BANK 2021-BNK37 COMPANION 
 BANK 2021-BNK38 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK38 COMPANION 
 BANK 2022-BNK39 
 BANK 2022-BNK39 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK40 
 BANK 2022-BNK40 COMPANION 
 BANK 2022-BNK41 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK41 COMPANION 
 BANK 2022-BNK42 
 BANK 2022-BNK42 COMPANION 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK43 
 BANK 2022-BNK43 COMPANION 
 BANK 2022-BNK44 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK44 COMPANION 
 BANK OF AMERICA WAREHOUSE 
 BARCLAYS WAREHOUSE 
 
 BASIS (BIG RE SECURITIES II UBS) 
 Basis (BIG Real Estate Finance II, LLC) 
 BASIS BIG REAL ESTATE WAREHOUSE 
 
 BASIS RE CAPITAL II (REPO) 
 BASIS UBS AG REPO 
 Bayview Commercial Mortgage Finance LLC 
 
 BAYVIEW WAREHOUSE 
 BB 2013-TYSN 
 BBCMS 2015-MSQ 
 
 BBCMS 2015-MSQ COMPANION 
 BBCMS 2016-ETC 
 BBCMS 2016-ETC COMPANION 
 
 BBCMS 2017 C1 Companion 
 BBCMS 2017-C1 
 BBCMS 2018-BXH 
 
 BBCMS 2018-C2 
 BBCMS 2018-C2 COMPANION 
 BBCMS 2018-CHR 

APPENDIX A 

BBCMS 2018-CHRS COMPANION 
 BBCMS 2018-EXCL 
 BBCMS 2018-RRI 
 
 BBCMS 2019-C4 
 BBCMS 2019-C4 COMPANION 
 BBCMS 2019-CLP 
 
 BBCMS 2020-C7 
 BBCMS 2020-C7 COMPANION 
 BBCMS 2020-C8 
 
 BBCMS 2021-C11 
 BBCMS 2021-C11 COMPANION 
 BBCRE 2015-GTP 
 
 BBSG 2016-MRP 
 BB-UBS 2012-SHOW 
 BB-UBS 2012-TFT 
 
 BDS 2018-FL1 COMPANION 
 BDS 2018-FL2 
 BDS 2018-FL2 COMPANION 
 
 BDS 2019-FL4 
 BDS 2019-FL4 COMPANION 
 BDS 2020-FL5 
 
 BDS 2020-FL5 COMPANION 
 BDS 2020-FL6 
 BDS 2020-FL6 COMPANION 
 
 BDS 2021-FL10 
 BDS 2021-FL10 COMPANION 
 BDS 2021-FL7 
 
 BDS 2021-FL7 COMPANION 
 BDS 2021-FL8 
 BDS 2021-FL8 COMPANION 
 
 BDS 2021-FL9 
 BDS 2021-FL9 COMPANION 
 BDS 2022-FL11 
 
 BDS 2022-FL11 COMPANION 
 BDS 2022-FL12 
 BDS 2022-FL12 COMPANION 
 
 BDS III Mortgage Capital J LLC 
 BDS III MORTGAGE CAPITAL LLC 
 BDS IV MORTGAGE CAPITAL B LLC 

APPENDIX A 

BDS IV MORTGAGE CAPITAL G LLC 
 BDS IV MORTGAGE CAPITAL J LLC 
 BDS IV MORTGAGE CAPITAL W LLC 
 
 BENCHMARK 2018-B1 
 BENCHMARK 2018-B1 COMPANION 
 BENCHMARK 2019-B9 
 
 BENCHMARK 2019-B9 COMPANION 
 BENEFIT REPO 
 BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS 
 
 BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS WH 
 BERKSHIRE MEZZ 
 BHMS 2018-ATLS 
 
 BHR 2018-PRME 
 BIG Real Estate Investments II 
 BLACKROCK WELLS FARGO
 WH 
 
 BLACKSTONE (BRE/MWT) 
 BMARK 2018- B5 
 BMARK 2018-B4 
 
 BMARK 2018-B4 COMPANION 
 BMARK 2018-B5 COMPANION 
 BPR 2021-TY 
 
 BPR 2022-OANA 
 BPR 2022-STAR 
 BRDIGE BDS III WELLS REPO 
 
 BRIDGE CRE 2018-FL1 
 BRIDGE CRE 2019-FL3 
 BRIDGE CRE 2019-FL3 COMPANION 
 
 BRIGADE CAPITAL MGMT WAREHOUSE 
 BSB06001 
 BSC04PWR3 
 
 BSC04PWR6 
 BSC05PWR10 
 BSC05PWR7 
 
 BSC05PWR8 
 BSC05PWR9 
 BSC06PWR11 
 
 BSC06PWR12 
 BSC06PWR13 
 BSC06PWR14 

APPENDIX A 

BSC07PWR15 
 BSC07PWR16 
 BSC07PWR17 
 
 BSC07PWR18 
 BSCM05TOP18 
 BSCM06TOP22 
 
 BSCM06TOP24 
 BSCM07TOP26 
 BSCM07TOP28 
 
 BSCM07TOP28 (COMPANION) 2_STARWOOD 
 BSCMS05TOP20 (COMPANION) 1_NYLIFE 
 BSCMS05TOP20 (COMPANION) 2_HARTFORDLIFE 
 
 BSCMS05TOP20 (COMPANION) 3_METLIFE 
 BSCMS05TOP20 (COMPANION)_LANDESBANK 
 BSPCC I WAREHOUSE 
 
 BSPCC II WAREHOUSE 
 BSPRT BB FIX WAREHOUSE 
 BSPRT SUB LENDER II, LLC WH 
 
 BSREP 2021-DC 
 BWAY 2013-1515 
 BWAY 2015-1740 
 
 BX 2018-IND 
 BX 2021-21M 
 BX 2021-PAC 
 
 BX 2021-VIEW 
 BX 2021-VINO 
 BX 2021-XL2 
 
 BX 2022-AHP 
 BX 2022-CSMO 
 BX 2022-GPA 
 
 BXHPP 2021-FILM 
 BXP 2017-CC 
 BXP 2017-CC COMPANION 
 
 BXP 2017-GM 
 BXP 2017-GM COMPANION 
 BXP 2021-601L 
 
 BXP 2021-601L COMPANION 
 BXT 2017-CQHP 
 CAMB 2019-LIFE 

APPENDIX A 

CANTOR CRE LENDING LP 
 CANTOR REPO WITH MET LIFE 
 CAPITAL LEASE WAREHOUSE-398 
 
 CAPITAL LEASE WAREHOUSE-526 
 CAPITAL SOURCE RELT 2006-A 
 CAPITAL TRUST, INC 
 
 CARMEL PARTNERS 
 CD 2006-CD2 
 CD 2006-CD3 
 
 CD 2007-CD4 
 CD 2016 CD2 
 CD 2016-CD2
 COMPANION 
 
 CD 2017-CD5 
 CD 2017-CD5 COMPANION 
 CD 2017-CD6 
 
 CD 2017-CD6 COMPANION 
 CF RFP SELLER WAREHOUSE 
 CF TRANS SELLER II WAREHOUSE 
 
 CF TRANS SELLER III WAREHOUSE 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 COMPANION 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C4 
 CFCRE 2016-C6 
 CFCRE 2016-C6 COMPANION 
 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 COMPANION 
 CG FUNDING I LLC 
 
 CG FUNDING II LLC 
 CG FUNDING IIII LLC 
 CGCMT 2013-GC15 
 
 CGCMT 2013-GC17 
 CGCMT 2014-GC19 
 CGCMT 2014-GC21 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC25 
 CGCMT 2015-101A 
 CGCMT 2015-GC27 
 
 CGCMT 2015-GC27
 COMPANION 
 CGCMT 2015-GC31 
 CGCMT 2015-GC33 

APPENDIX A 

CGCMT 2015-GC33 Companion 
 CGCMT 2015-P1 
 CGCMT 2015-P1 Companion 
 
 CGCMT 2016-C1 
 CGCMT 2016-C1 COMPANION 
 CGCMT 2016-GC36 
 
 CGCMT 2016-GC37 
 CGCMT 2016-P3 
 CGCMT 2016-P4 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P4 COMPANION 
 CGCMT 2017-B1 
 CGCMT 2017-B1 COMPANION 
 
 CGCMT 2017-P7 
 CGCMT 2017-P7 COMPANION 
 CGCMT 2017-P8 
 
 CGCMT 2017-P8 COMPANION 
 CGCMT 2018-C6 
 CGCMT 2018-C6 COMPANION 
 
 CGCMT 2019-C7 
 CGCMT 2019-C7 COMPANION 
 CGCMT 2019-GC43 
 
 CGCMT 2019-GC43 COMPANION 
 CGMS 2017-MDDR POOL A 
 CGMS 2017-MDDR POOL B 
 
 CGMS 2017-MDDR POOL C 
 CGRBS 2013-VNO5TH 
 CHINA ORIENT ENHANCED INCOME 
 
 CHT 2017-COSMO 
 CIBC 
 CITI REAL ESTATE FUNDING WH 
 
 CITIGROUP 2006 C5 
 CITIGROUP 2007-C6 
 CITIGROUP 2012-GC8 
 
 CITIGROUP 2012-GC8 COMPANION 
 CITIGROUP 2013-375P 
 CITIGROUP 2013-375P COMPANION 
 
 CITIGROUP 2013-GCJ11 
 CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS REALTY CORP 
 CLAROS MORTGAGE TRUST WAREHOUSE 

APPENDIX A 

CLEARVIEW CAP/MOORES HILL WARHOUSE 
 CLI INSURANCE SERVICING 
 CLMT 2016-CLNE 
 
 CLNC CREDIT 6 LLC 
 CLNC Credit 7, LLC 
 CLNS 2017-IKMZ COMPANION 
 
 CMTG GS FINANCE (MACK RE) 
 CMTG SG Finance LLC 
 CMTG WF (Mack) 
 
 COBALT 2006-C1 
 COBALT 2007- C3 
 COBALT 2007-C2 
 
 COLONY CDCFIV WAREHOUSE 
 COLONY COLFINNOMA WAREHOUSE 
 COLONY NORTHSTAR AMC OPCO WH 
 
 Colony Northstar Credit Real Estate Inc 
 COLONY NSTAR (CLNC Credit 8 LLC) REPO 
 COLUMN FINANCIAL 
 
 COMM 2009-K4 
 COMM 2010-C1 
 COMM 2012-CCRE1 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE2 
 COMM 2012-CCRE3 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 COMPANION 
 COMM 2012-LC4 
 COMM 2013-CCRE10 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE10 COMPANION 
 COMM 2013-CCRE12 
 COMM 2013-CCRE13 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE6 
 COMM 2013-FL3 COMPANION 
 COMM 2013-SFS 
 
 COMM 2013-WWP 
 COMM 2014-277P 
 COMM 2014-CCRE14 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE14 COMPANION 
 COMM 2014-CCRE15 
 COMM 2014-CCRE20 

APPENDIX A 

COMM 2014-CCRE20 COMPANION 
 COMM 2014-FL5 
 COMM 2014-LC15 
 
 COMM 2014-LC15 COMPANION 
 COMM 2014-LC17 
 COMM 2014-UB6 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 COMPANION 
 COMM 2014-UBS5 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS5 COMPANION 
 COMM 2015 -3BP 
 COMM 2015-CCRE22 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE22 COMPANION 
 COMM 2015-CCRE23 
 COMM 2015-CCRE23 COMPANION 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 COMPANION 
 COMM 2015-CCRE25 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE26 
 COMM 2015-CCRE26 COMPANION 
 COMM 2015-LC23 
 
 COMM 2015-PC1 
 COMM 2016-787S 
 COMM 2016-787S COMPANION 
 
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 
 COMM 2016-DC2 
 COMM 2016-DC2 COMPANION 
 
 COMM 2017-PANW 
 COMM 2018-HOME 
 COMM 2018-HOME COMPANION 
 
 COMM 2020-CX 
 COMM 2020-CX COMPANION 
 COMM07FL14 (COMPANION) 2_SOCIETE GENERAL 
 
 COMMUNITY SOUTH BANK PORTFOLIO 
 CORE 2019-CORE 
 COUNTRYWIDE 2007-MF1 
 
 CPTS 2019-CPT 
 CPTS 2019-CPT COMPANION 
 CRE/AFS ESCROW ONLY LOANS 

APPENDIX A 

CREO LENDING LP 
 CREO Lending S1 LLC 
 CREST 2003-2 
 
 CS FIRST BOSTON 1998 C2 
 CSAIL 2015-C2 
 CSAIL 2015-C2 COMPANION 
 
 CSAIL 2015-C4 
 CSAIL 2016-C7 
 CSAIL 2017-C8 
 
 CSAIL 2017-C8 COMPANION 
 CSAIL 2018 -CX12 
 CSAIL 2018-C14 
 
 CSAIL 2018-C14 COMPANION 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 COMPANION 
 CSCMT 2007-C2 
 
 CSCMT 2007-C3 
 CSFB 2006-C2 
 CSFB94CFB1 
 
 CSMC 2014-USA 
 CSMC 2016-NXSR 
 CSMC 2016-NXSR COMPANION 
 
 CSMC 2017-CHOP 
 CSMC 2017-PFHP 
 CSMC 2017-TIME 
 
 CSMC 2018-SITE 
 CSMC 2018-SITE COMPANION 
 CSWF 2018-TOP 
 
 CSWF 2021-SOP2 
 CXP 2022-CXP1 
 DAVIS COMPANIES WAREHOUSE 
 
 DBCCRE 2014-ARCP 
 DBCG 2017-BBG 
 DBGS 2018-1 
 
 DBGS 2018-C1 COMPANION 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 COMPANION 
 
 DBJPM 2016-SFC 
 DBJPM 2016-SFC COMPANION 
 DBUBS 2011- LC3 

APPENDIX A 

DBUBS 2011-LC1 
 DBUBS 2011-LC1 COMPANION 
 DBUBS 2011-LC2 
 
 DBUBS 2017-BRBK 
 DBUBS 2017-BRBK COMPANION 
 DBWF 2015-LCM 
 
 DBWF 2016-85T 
 DBWF 2016-85T COMPANION 
 DBWF 2018-AMXP 
 
 DCOT 2019-MTC 
 DCOT 2019-MTC COMPANION 
 DELPHI CRE FUNDING (ACORE WAREHOUSE) 
 
 DEUTSCHE TRUST COMPANY LIMITED 
 DEXIA REAL ESTATE CAPITAL MARK 
 DNZN 2020-DNZN 
 
 DOLLAR GENERAL 
 Dolp Trust 2021-NYC 
 DRAWBRIDGE WAREHOUSE 
 
 ELLIOTT WAREHOUSE 
 ENERGY PLAZA LEASE TRUST 2002 
 EOCHAIR LLC (SVP GLOBAL) 
 
 FG MANAGEMENT (FGUSRED) WAREHOUSE 
 FII F DEBT ACCT PTE LTD 
 First Tennessee Bank 
 
 FKL 2015-SFR1 
 FMPRE 2017-KT02 
 FMPRE 2018-KT03 
 
 FNMA World Savings 
 FORT 2018-1 
 FORT CRE 2018-1 COMPANION 
 
 FORT CRE 2022-FL3 
 FORT CRE 2022-FL3 COMPANION 
 FORTRESS (CF TRANS HOLDCO LLC) WAREHOUSE 
 
 FORTRESS CF TRANS SELLER IV 
 FORTRESS CREDIT CORP WAREHOUSE 
 FORTRESS REPO WITH NATIXIS 
 
 FOUR TIMES SQUARE 2006 - 4TS 
 FREDDIE MAC WHOLE LOAN FUND -H 
 FREDDIE MAC-NREF Mezz 

APPENDIX A 

FREDDIE MAC-WHOLE LOAN FUND 20 
 FREMF 2010-K7 
 FREMF 2010-K8 
 
 FREMF 2010-K9 
 FREMF 2011 K12 
 FREMF 2011-K10 
 
 FREMF 2011-K11 
 FREMF 2011-K13 
 FREMF 2011-K14 
 
 FREMF 2011-K15 
 FREMF 2011-K16 
 FREMF 2011-KAIV 
 
 FREMF 2012-K17 
 FREMF 2012-K18 
 FREMF 2012-K19 
 
 FREMF 2012-K20 
 FREMF 2012-K21 
 FREMF 2012-K22 
 
 FREMF 2012-K23 
 FREMF 2013-K24 
 FREMF 2013-K25 
 
 FREMF 2013-K26 
 FREMF 2013-K27 
 FREMF 2013-K28 
 
 FREMF 2013-K29 
 FREMF 2013-K30 
 FREMF 2013-K31 
 
 FREMF 2013-K32 
 FREMF 2013-K33 
 FREMF 2013-K34 
 
 FREMF 2013-K35 
 FREMF 2013-K713 
 FREMF 2013-KS01 
 
 FREMF 2014-K36 
 FREMF 2014-K37 
 FREMF 2014-K38 
 
 FREMF 2014-K39 
 FREMF 2014-K40 
 FREMF 2014-K41 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2014-K503 
 FREMF 2014-K714 
 FREMF 2014-K715 
 
 FREMF 2014-K716 
 FREMF 2014-K717 
 FREMF 2014-KF04 
 
 FREMF 2014-KF05 
 FREMF 2014-KS02 
 FREMF 2014-KX01 
 
 FREMF 2015-K1501 
 FREMF 2015-K42 
 FREMF 2015-K43 
 
 FREMF 2015-K44 
 FREMF 2015-K45 
 FREMF 2015-K46 
 
 FREMF 2015-K47 
 FREMF 2015-K48 
 FREMF 2015-K49 
 
 FREMF 2015-K50 
 FREMF 2015-K51 
 FREMF 2015-K718 
 
 FREMF 2015-K719 
 FREMF 2015-K720 
 FREMF 2015-K721 
 
 FREMF 2015-KF09 
 FREMF 2015-KF10 
 FREMF 2015-KF11 
 
 FREMF 2015-KS03 
 FREMF 2016-K504 
 FREMF 2016-K52 
 
 FREMF 2016-K53 
 FREMF 2016-K54 
 FREMF 2016-K55 
 
 FREMF 2016-K56 
 FREMF 2016-K57 
 FREMF 2016-K59 
 
 FREMF 2016-K60 
 FREMF 2016-K722 
 FREMF 2016-K723 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2016-KF14 
 FREMF 2016-KF15 
 FREMF 2016-KF16 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF17 
 FREMF 2016-KF19 
 FREMF 2016-KF23 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF24 
 FREMF 2016-KF25 
 FREMF 2016-KIR1 
 
 FREMF 2016-KJ03 
 FREMF 2016-KJ04 
 FREMF 2016-KJ05 
 
 FREMF 2016-KJ07 
 FREMF 2016-KJ09 
 FREMF 2016-KS06 
 
 FREMF 2016-KS07 
 FREMF 2016-KW01 
 FREMF 2016-KX02 
 
 FREMF 2017-K61 
 FREMF 2017-K62 
 FREMF 2017-K63 
 
 FREMF 2017-K64 
 FREMF 2017-K65 
 FREMF 2017-K66 
 
 FREMF 2017-K67 
 FREMF 2017-K68 
 FREMF 2017-K69 
 
 FREMF 2017-K70 
 FREMF 2017-K71 
 FREMF 2017-K725 
 
 FREMF 2017-K726 
 FREMF 2017-K727 
 FREMF 2017-K728 
 
 FREMF 2017-K729 
 FREMF 2017-KBF1 
 FREMF 2017-KF27 
 
 FREMF 2017-KF28 
 FREMF 2017-KF29 
 FREMF 2017-KF30 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2017-KF31 
 FREMF 2017-KF32 
 FREMF 2017-KF34 
 
 FREMF 2017-KF35 
 FREMF 2017-KF36 
 FREMF 2017-KF37 
 
 FREMF 2017-KF38 
 FREMF 2017-KF39 
 FREMF 2017-KF40 
 
 FREMF 2017-KF41 
 FREMF 2017-KGS1 
 FREMF 2017-KJ11 
 
 FREMF 2017-KJ12 
 FREMF 2017-KJ13 
 FREMF 2017-KJ14 
 
 FREMF 2017-KJ16 
 FREMF 2017-KJ17 
 FREMF 2017-KJ18 
 
 FREMF 2017-KL01 
 FREMF 2017-KS08 
 FREMF 2017-KS09 
 
 FREMF 2017-KSW3 
 FREMF 2017-KT01 
 FREMF 2017-KW02 
 
 FREMF 2017-KW03 
 FREMF 2018-K1505 
 FREMF 2018-K1506 
 
 FREMF 2018-K1507 
 FREMF 2018-K1508 
 FREMF 2018-K72 
 
 FREMF 2018-K73 
 FREMF 2018-K730 
 FREMF 2018-K731 
 
 FREMF 2018-K732 
 FREMF 2018-K75 
 FREMF 2018-K76 
 
 FREMF 2018-K77 
 FREMF 2018-K78 
 FREMF 2018-K79 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2018-K80 
 FREMF 2018-K81 
 FREMF 2018-K82 
 
 FREMF 2018-K83 
 FREMF 2018-K84 
 FREMF 2018-K86 
 
 FREMF 2018-KBF2 
 FREMF 2018-KBX1 
 FREMF 2018-KC02 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF42 
 FREMF 2018-KF43 
 FREMF 2018-KF44 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF45 
 FREMF 2018-KF46 
 FREMF 2018-KF47 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF48 
 FREMF 2018-KF49 
 FREMF 2018-KF50 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF51 
 FREMF 2018-KF52 
 FREMF 2018-KF53 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF55 
 FREMF 2018-KF56 
 FREMF 2018-KHG1 
 
 FREMF 2018-KI01 
 FREMF 2018-KI03 
 FREMF 2018-KJ19 
 
 FREMF 2018-KJ20 
 FREMF 2018-KJ22 
 FREMF 2018-KJ23 
 
 FREMF 2018-KL02 
 FREMF 2018-KL03 
 FREMF 2018-KP05 
 
 FREMF 2018-KS10 
 FREMF 2018-KSL1 
 FREMF 2018-KSW4 
 
 FREMF 2018-KW04 
 FREMF 2018-KW05 
 FREMF 2018-KW06 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2018-KW07 
 FREMF 2018-KX03 
 FREMF 2019-K100 
 
 FREMF 2019-K101 
 FREMF 2019-K102 
 FREMF 2019-K103 
 
 FREMF 2019-K1510 
 FREMF 2019-K1511 
 FREMF 2019-K1512 
 
 FREMF 2019-K1513 
 FREMF 2019-K1514 
 FREMF 2019-K734 
 
 FREMF 2019-K735 
 FREMF 2019-K736 
 FREMF 2019-K87 
 
 FREMF 2019-K88 
 FREMF 2019-K89 
 FREMF 2019-K90 
 
 FREMF 2019-K92 
 FREMF 2019-K93 
 FREMF 2019-K94 
 
 FREMF 2019-K95 
 FREMF 2019-K96 
 FREMF 2019-K97 
 
 FREMF 2019-K98 
 FREMF 2019-K99 
 FREMF 2019-KBF3 
 
 FREMF 2019-KC04 
 FREMF 2019-KC05 
 FREMF 2019-KC06 
 
 FREMF 2019-KC07 
 FREMF 2019-KF57 
 FREMF 2019-KF60 
 
 FREMF 2019-KF61 
 FREMF 2019-KF62 
 FREMF 2019-KF63 
 
 FREMF 2019-KF64 
 FREMF 2019-KF65 
 FREMF 2019-KF66 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2019-KF67 
 FREMF 2019-KF68 
 FREMF 2019-KF70 
 
 FREMF 2019-KF72 
 FREMF 2019-KF73 
 FREMF 2019-KJ25 
 
 FREMF 2019-KJ26 
 FREMF 2019-KJ27 
 FREMF 2019-KL04 
 
 FREMF 2019-KS11 
 FREMF 2019-KS12 
 FREMF 2019-KS13 
 
 FREMF 2019-KW08 
 FREMF 2019-KW09 
 FREMF 2019-KW10 
 
 FREMF 2020-K104 
 FREMF 2020-K108 
 FREMF 2020-K109 
 
 FREMF 2020-K111 
 FREMF 2020-K112 
 FREMF 2020-K113 
 
 FREMF 2020-K114 
 FREMF 2020-K115 
 FREMF 2020-K116 
 
 FREMF 2020-K118 
 FREMF 2020-K119 
 FREMF 2020-K122 
 
 FREMF 2020-K1517 
 FREMF 2020-K737 
 FREMF 2020-K738 
 
 FREMF 2020-K739 
 FREMF 2020-K740 
 FREMF 2020-KF74 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF75 
 FREMF 2020-KF77 
 FREMF 2020-KF78 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF79 
 FREMF 2020-KF81 
 FREMF 2020-KF82 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2020-KF83 
 FREMF 2020-KF86 
 FREMF 2020-KF88 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF89 
 FREMF 2020-KF90 
 FREMF 2020-KF91 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF92 
 FREMF 2020-KF93 
 FREMF 2020-KF94 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF95 
 FREMF 2020-KG04 
 FREMF 2020-KHG2 
 
 FREMF 2020-KI05 
 FREMF 2020-KJ28 
 FREMF 2020-KJ29 
 
 FREMF 2020-KJ30 
 FREMF 2020-KJ31 
 FREMF 2020-KJ32 
 
 FREMF 2020-KS14 
 FREMF 2020-KSG1 
 FREMF 2020-KX04 
 
 FREMF 2021-K123 
 FREMF 2021-K126 
 FREMF 2021-K127 
 
 FREMF 2021-K128 
 FREMF 2021-K129 
 FREMF 2021-K130 
 
 FREMF 2021-K133 
 FREMF 2021-K134 
 FREMF 2021-K135 
 
 FREMF 2021-K136 
 FREMF 2021-K1521 
 FREMF 2021-K1522 
 
 FREMF 2021-K741 
 FREMF 2021-K742 
 FREMF 2021-K743 
 
 FREMF 2021-K744 
 FREMF 2021-K745 
 FREMF 2021-K746 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2021-K746 COMPANION 
 FREMF 2021-KF100 
 FREMF 2021-KF101 
 
 FREMF 2021-KF102 
 FREMF 2021-KF103 
 FREMF 2021-KF104 
 
 FREMF 2021-KF105 
 FREMF 2021-KF106 
 FREMF 2021-KF107 
 
 FREMF 2021-KF108 
 FREMF 2021-KF109 
 FREMF 2021-KF110 
 
 FREMF 2021-KF111 
 FREMF 2021-KF113 
 FREMF 2021-KF116 
 
 FREMF 2021-KF117 
 FREMF 2021-KF119 
 FREMF 2021-KF121 
 
 FREMF 2021-KF122 
 FREMF 2021-KF124 
 FREMF 2021-KF126 
 
 FREMF 2021-KF96 
 FREMF 2021-KF97 
 FREMF 2021-KF99 
 
 FREMF 2021-KG06 
 FREMF 2021-KI07 
 FREMF 2021-KJ33 
 
 FREMF 2021-KJ34 
 FREMF 2021-KJ36 
 FREMF 2021-KLU3 
 
 FREMF 2021-KSG2 
 FREMF 2022-K139 
 FREMF 2022-K140 
 
 FREMF 2022-K141 
 FREMF 2022-K142 
 FREMF 2022-K143 
 
 FREMF 2022-K146 
 FREMF 2022-K148 
 FREMF 2022-K149 

APPENDIX A 

FREMF 2022-K150 
 FREMF 2022-K151 
 FREMF 2022-K152 
 
 FREMF 2022-K747 
 FREMF 2022-K748 
 FREMF 2022-K749 
 
 FREMF 2022-K750 
 FREMF 2022-KF128 
 FREMF 2022-KF130 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF131 
 FREMF 2022-KF132 
 FREMF 2022-KF133 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF134 
 FREMF 2022-KF135 
 FREMF 2022-KF136 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF137 
 FREMF 2022-KF138 
 FREMF 2022-KF140 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF141 
 FREMF 2022-KF142 
 FREMF 2022-KF143 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF145 
 FREMF 2022-KF146 
 FREMF 2022-KF147 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF148 
 FREMF 2022-KI09 
 FREMF 2022-KJ37 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ38 
 FREMF 2022-KJ39 
 FREMF 2022-KJ40 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ41 
 FREMF 2022-KJ42 
 FREMF 2022-KJ43 
 
 FREMF 2022-KSG3 
 FREMF 2022-KSG4 
 FRESB 2018-SB47 
 
 FRESB 2018-SB50 
 FRESB 2018-SB51 
 FRESB 2018-SB53 

APPENDIX A 

FRESB 2018-SB55 
 FRESB 2018-SB57 
 FRESB 2019-SB58 
 
 FRESB 2019-SB60 
 FRESB 2019-SB61 
 FRESB 2019-SB62 
 
 FRESB 2019-SB65 
 FRESB 2019-SB66 
 FRESB 2019-SB67 
 
 FRESB 2019-SB68 
 FRESB 2019-SB69 
 FRESB 2020-SB70 
 
 FRETE 2017-ML01 
 FRETE 2017-ML03 
 FRETE 2018-ML04 
 
 FRETE 2019-ML06 
 FRETE 2021-ML08 
 FRETE 2021-ML09 
 
 FRETE 2021-ML12 
 FRETE 2022-ML14 
 FS CREIT FINANCE GS1 
 
 FS CREIT FINANCE MM-1 LLC 
 FS CREIT FINANCE MS-1 LLC 
 FS CREIT FINANCE NTX-1 LLC 
 
 FS CREIT FINANCE WF-1 LLC 
 FS RIALTO 2019- FL1 CLO PARTIC 
 FS RIALTO 2019-FL1 
 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL2 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL2 CLO PARTIC 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL3 
 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL3 CLO PARTIC 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL4 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL4 PARTICIPATI 
 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL5 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL5 PARTICIPATI 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL6 
 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL6 PARTICIPATI 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL7 
 FS RIALTO 2022-FL7 PARTICIPATI 

APPENDIX A 

FUNB 2001 C2 B NOTES 
 FUNB 2001 C3 B NOTES 
 GACM 2020-FL2 CLO 
 
 GACM 2020-FL2 COMPANION 
 GCCP H-1, LLC (GROSSMAN) 
 GE 2006 C1 
 
 GECMC 2004 C2 
 GECMC 2007-C1 
 GEMINI ALTO CENTERVILLE WAREHOUSE 
 
 GERMAN AMERICAN CAPITAL CORPORATION WH 
 GOLDMAN 2006-GG6 COMPANION 
 GOLDMAN 2006-GG8 
 
 GOLDMAN 2007-GG10 
 GOLDMAN SACHS 2005-ROCK 
 GOLDMAN SACHS WAREHOUSE 
 
 GP COMMERCIAL WF LLC REPO 
 GPMT 2018-FL1 
 GPMT 2018-FL1 COMPANION 
 
 GPMT 2019-FL2 
 GPMT 2019-FL2 COMPANION 
 GPMT 2021-FL3 
 
 GPMT 2021-FL3 COMPANION 
 GRACE 2014-GRCE 
 GRACE 2020-GRCE 
 
 GRACE 2020-GRCE COMPANION 
 Grand Avenue CRE 2019-FL1 
 GRANITE WAREHOUSE 
 
 GRASS RIVER SUB AGREEMENT 
 GREENWICH CAPITAL FINANCIAL PRODUCTS INC 
 GREENWICH CCFC 05 GG5 (COMPANION) 
 
 GREENWICH CCFC 2004-GG1 
 GREENWICH CCFC 2007-GG9 
 GREENWICH CCFC 2007-GG9 COMPANION 
 
 GS 2017-STAY 
 GSMS 2010-C2 
 GSMS 2011-GC3 
 
 GSMS 2011-GC5 
 GSMS 2012-ALOHA 
 GSMS 2012-BWTR 

APPENDIX A 

GSMS 2012-GCJ7 
 GSMS 2012-GCJ7 COMPANION 
 GSMS 2012-GCJ9 
 
 GSMS 2012-TMSQ 
 GSMS 2013-GC10 
 GSMS 2013-GC13 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ12 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ14 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ16 
 
 GSMS 2014-GC18 
 GSMS 2014-GC22 
 GSMS 2014-GC22 COMPANION 
 
 GSMS 2014-GC26 
 GSMS 2015-590M 
 GSMS 2015-590M COMPANION 
 
 GSMS 2015-GC28 
 GSMS 2015-GC34 
 GSMS 2015-GC34 COMPANION 
 
 GSMS 2015-GS1 
 GSMS 2016 GS4 
 GSMS 2016-GS4 COMPANION 
 
 GSMS 2016-RENT 
 GSMS 2016-RENT COMPANION 
 GSMS 2017-375H 
 
 GSMS 2017-500K 
 GSMS 2017-GS7 
 GSMS 2017-GS8 
 
 GSMS 2017-GS8 COMPANION 
 GSMS 2017-SLP 
 GSMS 2017-SLP REIT 
 
 GSMS 2018-3PCK 
 GSMS 2018-GS10 
 GSMS 2018-GS10 COMPANION 
 
 GSMS 2018-GS9 
 GSMS 2018-GS9 COMPANION 
 GSMS 2018-LUAU 
 
 GSMS 2018-RIVR 
 GSMS 2018-SRP5 
 GSMS 2018-TWR 

APPENDIX A 

GSMS 2019-GC38 
 GSMS 2019-GC38 COMPANION 
 GSMS 2020-GC47 
 
 GSMS 2020-GC47 COMPANION 
 GSMS 2021-ARDN 
 GSMS 2021-GSA3 
 
 GSMS 2021-GSA3 COMPANION 
 GSMS 2021-IP 
 GSMSC 2010-C1 
 
 H/2 SO IV FUNDING I (WF SUB) 
 Hana Alternative Private Real Estate Trust No. 70 
 Hana Alternative Private Real Estate Trust No. 71 
 
 Hancock Capital Investment Management 
 HANCOCK/OPTUM BANK WAREHOUSE 
 HANGANG WAREHOUSE 
 
 HBST 2015-HBS 
 HERA 2021-FL1 
 HERA 2021-FL1 COMPANION 
 
 HILTON 2016-HHV 
 HILTON 2016-HHV COMPANION 
 HILTON 2016-SFP 
 
 HMH 2017-NSS 
 HUDSON YARDS 2016-10HY 
 HUDSON YARDS 2016-10HY COMPAN 
 
 HUDSON YARDS 2019-30HY 
 HUDSON YARDS 2019-30HY COMPAN 
 HUDSON YARDS 2019-55HY 
 
 HUDSON YARDS 2019-55HY COMPAN 
 HYUNDAI INVESTMENTS (10HY MEZZ 
 IMT 2017-APTS 
 
 INLAND (IMC LENDING LLC) WAREHOUSE 
 INLAND (INLAND MORTGAGE CAPITAL) 
 Inland Mortgage Capital LLC Warehouse 
 
 Inland Mortgage Lending REPO 
 Inpoint CS Loan (soundpoint Credit Suisse Repo) 
 INPOINT JPM WAREHOUSE 
 
 INPOINT REIT OPERATING PARTNER 
 INTOWN 2022-STAY 
 Invesco CMI Investments, LP 

APPENDIX A 

IRVINE CORE OFFICE TRUST 2013-IRV 
 JAX 2019-LIC 
 JAX 2019-LIC COMPANION 
 
 JEMB MADISON AVE LLC (BASIS I - 292 MAD) 
 JLC V WAREHOUSE 
 JLC VII WAREHOUSE 
 
 JLC WAREHOUSE IV LLC (DEUTSCHE REPO) 
 John Hancock GA Mortgage Trust 
 JP MORGAN CHASE 
 
 JPM 2012-CIBX COMPANION 
 JPM Hilton Orlando Trust 2018-HLTNO 
 JPM06CIBC15 
 
 JPM06CIBC17 
 JPM07CIBC19 
 JPM08C2 
 
 JPM2007LDP12 
 JPMBB 2013-C15 
 JPMBB 2013-C17 
 
 JPMBB 2013-C17 COMPANION 
 JPMBB 2014-C21 
 JPMBB 2014-C22 
 
 JPMBB 2014-C23 
 JPMBB 2014-C24 
 JPMBB 2014-C25 
 
 JPMBB 2014-C25 COMPANION 
 JPMBB 2015-C28 
 JPMBB 2015-C29 
 
 JPMBB 2015-C30 
 JPMBB 2015-C30 COMPANION 
 JPMBB 2015-C32 
 
 JPMBB 2015-C32 COMPANION 
 JPMBB 2015-C33 
 JPMBB 2016-C1 
 
 JPMC 2002 CIBC5 
 JPMC 2003 CIBC6 
 JPMC 2003 ML1 
 
 JPMC 2005-LDP2 
 JPMC 2006-LDP7 
 JPMC 2006-LDP9 

APPENDIX A 

JPMC 2006-LDP9 COMPANION 
 JPMC 2012-CIBX 
 JPMC 2014-C20 
 
 JPMC 2014-C20 COMPANION 
 JPMCC 2007-LDP11 
 JPMCC 2012-C6 
 
 JPMCC 2013-C16 
 JPMCC 2014-DSTY 
 JPMCC 2015-JP1 
 
 JPMCC 2015-JP1 COMPANION 
 JPMCC 2016-JP2 
 JPMCC 2016-JP2 COMPANION 
 
 JPMCC 2016-JP4 
 JPMCC 2016-JP4 COMPANION 
 JPMCC 2016-NINE 
 
 JPMCC 2016-NINE COMPANION 
 JPMCC 2017-FL10 
 JPMCC 2017-FL10 COMPANION 
 
 JPMCC 2017-JP7 
 JPMCC 2017-MARK 
 JPMCC 2017-MARK COMPANION 
 
 JPMCC 2018-ASH8 
 JPMCC 2018-LAQ (La Quinta Hotel) 
 JPMCC 2018-PTC 
 
 JPMCC 2018-PTC COMPANION 
 JPMCC 2021-1440 
 JPMCC 2021-2NU 
 
 JPMCC 2021-2NU COMPANION 
 JPMDB 2016-C2 
 JPMDB 2016-C2 COMPANION 
 
 JPMDB 2016-C4 
 JPMDB 2016-C4 COMPANION 
 JPMDB 2017-C5 
 
 JPMDB 2017-C5 COMPANION 
 JPMDB 2018-C8 
 JPMDB 2018-C8 COMPANION 
 
 JW MARRIOTT 2017 MEZZ 
 KGS-ALPHA RECM WH REPO W/ CITIBANK 
 KIWOOM 18 WAREHOUSE 

APPENDIX A 

KIWOOM NONGHYUP WAREHOUSE 
 KTB CRE Debt Fund No. 14-1 KTB CRE Debt Fund No. 14-2 
 LADDER CAPITAL IX WAREHOUSE 
 
 LADDER CAPITAL LLC REPO 
 LADDER CAPITAL REALTY III LLC 
 LADDER CAPITALVIII REPO 
 
 LADDER DEUTSCHE REPO 
 LADDER JPM REPO 
 LADDER VI REIT WAREHOUSE 
 
 LADDER VI TRS WAREHOUSE 
 LADDER WELLS FARGO REPO 
 LB 1999 C1 
 
 LB UBS 2004 C4 
 LB UBS 2004 C6 
 LB UBS 2004 C6 COMPANION 
 
 LB UBS 2005 C1 
 LB UBS 2005 C1 COMPANION 
 LB UBS 2006-C4 COMPANION 
 
 LB UBS 2006-C6 
 LB UBS 2006-C7 
 LB UBS 2008-C1 
 
 LB-UBS 2005 C5 
 LB-UBS 2005 C7 
 LB-UBS 2005-C7 COMPANION 
 
 LB-UBS 2006 C1 
 LB-UBS 2006 C1 COMPANION 
 LB-UBS 2006 C3 
 
 LB-UBS 2006-C3 COMPANION 
 LB-UBS 2007-C2 
 LB-UBS 2007-C6 
 
 LB-UBS 2007-C7 
 LBUBS05C3 
 LBUBS2005C3 COMPANION 
 
 LCCM 2014-909 
 LCCM 2017-FL2 COMPANION 
 LCCM 2017-LC26 
 
 LCCM 2017-LC26 COMPANION 
 LCCM 2020-FL3 
 LCCM 2020-FL3 PML 

APPENDIX A 

LCCM 2021-FL2 
 LCCM 2021-FL2 COMPANION 
 LCCM 2021-FL3 
 
 LCCM 2021-FL3 COMPANION 
 LCCM2013GCP 
 LCF UBS Bank Repo 
 
 LEHMAN-UBS 2005 C5 COMPANION 
 LEONARDO ASSET FUND 
 LEONARDO PREFERRED INVESTMENTS 
 
 LIBREMAX WAREHOUSE 
 LIDO FUNDING LLC (STARWOOD) 
 LOANCORE (JEFFERIES) WAREHOUSE 
 
 LOANCORE CAPITAL REIT WAREHOUSE 
 LONE STAR REPO WITH WELLS FARGO 
 LONESTAR (RELIUS) WAREHOUSE 2013 
 
 LONESTAR REPO WITH CB 
 LSTAR 2015-3 
 LSTAR 2016-4 
 
 LSTAR 2017-5 
 LSTAR 2017-5 COMPANION 
 LSTAR I LLC REPO 
 
 LSTAR II LLC (CITIREPO) 
 M360 2018-CRE CLO 
 M360 2018-CRE1 COMPANION 
 
 M360 2019-CRE2 
 M360 2019-CRE2 COMPANION 
 M360 JP WAREHOUSE 
 
 M360 MCREIF WAREHOUSE 
 M360 WH-1 FL Seller, LLC 
 MACK RE (CMTG MORGAN STANLEY R 
 
 MACK RE (DEUTSCHE BANK REPO) 
 MACK RE BAR 
 MAD 2017-330M 
 
 MAGUIRE CAPITAL GROUP WH 
 MAN REAL ESTATE DEBT INVESTMENT 
 MANHATTAN WEST 2020-1MW 
 
 MANHATTAN WEST 2020-1MW COMPANION 
 MARATHON ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
 MARATHON MAM REPO 

APPENDIX A 

MARATHON REAL ESTATE CDO 2006-1 
 MED 2021-MDLN 
 MERRILL LYNCH 2008-C1 
 
 MEZZ CAP 2004-C2 
 MEZZ CAP 2005-C3 
 MEZZ CAP 2006-C4 
 
 MEZZ CAP 2007-C5 
 MEZZ CAP LLC (FKA CBA MEZZ) 
 MFF MEZZANINE 
 
 MIDAS ASSET WAREHOUSE 
 MIDDLE MARKET BANKING 
 MILLINIUM INMARK NONGHYUP 
 
 Mirae Asset Management 
 MKT 2020-525 COMPANION 
 MKT 2020-525M 
 
 ML 1997-C2 
 ML-CFC 2006-1 
 MLCFC 2007 C7 
 
 ML-CFC 2007-6 
 ML-CFC 2007-7 
 MLCFC06-4 
 
 MLCFC07-5 
 MLCFC07-6 
 MLCFC07-8 
 
 MLCFC07-9 
 MLFT 2006-1 
 MLFT 2006-1 (COMPANION)_CAPTRUST 
 
 MLMT 2005-CKI1 
 MLMT06C1 
 MLMT07C1 
 
 MOFT 2020 - ABC 
 MOFT 2020 - ABC COMPANION 
 MORGAN STANLEY 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY 2007-HQ13 
 MORGAN STANLEY 2011-C3 
 MORGAN STANLEY 2020-HR8 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY 2020-HR8 COMPANION 
 MORGAN STANLEY BAML 2012-C6 
 MORGAN STANLEY SHADOW 

APPENDIX A 

MORGAN STANLEY WAREHOUSE 
 MS04TOP15 
 MS05TOP19 
 
 MS06TOP21 
 MS06TOP23 
 MS07TOP25 
 
 MS07TOP27 
 MS08TOP29 
 MSBAM 2013-C11 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C11 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2013-C12 
 MSBAM 2013-C12 COMPANION 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C13 
 MSBAM 2013-C8 
 MSBAM 2014-C14 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C15 
 MSBAM 2014-C15 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2014-C16 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C17 
 MSBAM 2014-C18 
 MSBAM 2014-C19 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C19 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2015-C22 
 MSBAM 2015-C22 COMPANION 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C23 
 MSBAM 2015-C23 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2015-C24 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C25 
 MSBAM 2015-C25 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2015-C26 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C27 
 MSBAM 2015-C27 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2016-C28 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C28 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2016-C29 
 MSBAM 2016-C30 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C30 COMPANION 
 MSBAM 2016-C31 
 MSBAM 2016-C31 COMPANION 

APPENDIX A 

MSBAM 2016-C32 
 MSBAM 2017-C33 
 MSBAM 2017-C33 COMPANION 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C34 
 MSBAM 2017-C34 COMPANION 
 MSC 2014-CPT 
 
 MSC 2014-MP 
 MSC 2015-420 
 MSC 2015-420 COMPANION 
 
 MSC 2016-BNK2 
 MSC 2016-BNK2 Companion 
 MSC 2017-ASHF 
 
 MSC 2017-HR2 
 MSC 2018-H3 
 MSC 2018-H3 COMPANION 
 
 MSC 2018-MP 
 MSC 2018-MP COMPANION 
 MSC 2019-L3 
 
 MSC 2019-L3 COMPANION 
 MSC 2021-PLZA 
 MSC 2021-PLZA COMPANION 
 
 MSC05HQ6 (COMPANION)_PRUDENTIAL 
 MSC05HQ7 
 MSC06HQ10 
 
 MSC06IQ11 
 MSC07HQ12 
 MSC07IQ13 
 
 MSC07IQ16 
 MSC98WF2 
 MSCBB 2016-MART 
 
 MSCBB 2016-MART COMPANION 
 MSCCG 2018-SELF 
 MSCI 2005-TOP19 COMPANION 
 
 MSCI 2016-PSQ 
 MSCI04IQ7 
 MSCI04IQ8 
 
 MSCI05IQ9 
 MSCI06HQ8 
 MSCI06HQ9 

APPENDIX A 

MSCI06TOP21 (NONPOOLED) 
 MSD01TP3 
 MSDB 2017-712F 
 
 MSDWMC OWNER TRUST 2000-F1 
 MSFMSFF WH 
 MSJP 2015-HAUL 
 
 MSSG 2017-237P 
 MSSG 2017-237P COMPANION 
 MTRO 2019-TECH 
 
 MUFG UNION BANK WAREHOUSE 
 NATIXIS WAREHOUSE 
 NBS REAL ESTATE CAPITAL WAREHOUSE 
 
 NCMS 2018-850T 
 NCMS 2018-850T COMPANION 
 NCMS 2018-ALXA 
 
 NCMS 2018-ALXA COMPANION 
 NCMS 2018-FL1 
 NCMS 2018-FL1 COMPANION 
 
 NCMS 2018-PREZ COMPANION 
 NCMS 2018-SOX 
 NCMS 2018-SOX COMPANION 
 
 NCMS 2018-TECH 
 NOHT 2019-HNLA 
 NORTHSTAR (NS HEALTHCARE PT 2) WAREHOUSE 
 
 NORTHSTAR CDO IX PRIMARY (MEMORIAL MALL) 
 NORTHSTAR CDO VI 
 NORTHSTAR CDO VIII 
 
 NORTHSTAR CENTENNIAL REPO 
 NORTHSTAR DB LOAN NT-II REPO 
 NORTHSTAR WAREHOUSE 
 
 NORTHSTAR-CITI REPO WAREHOUSE 
 NStar (MS Loan NT-I, LLC) MS Repo 
 NXT CAPITAL FUNDING II, LLC 
 
 NYT 2019-NYT 
 NYT 2019-NYT COMPANION 
 OAKTREE BAHAMAS ROF7 MEZZ 
 
 OBP DEPOSITOR, LLC TRUST 2010-OBP 
 OCH ZIFF CG FUNDING I LLC 
 OCH ZIFF CG FUNDING II LLC 

APPENDIX A 

OCM OXFORD WAREHOUSE 
 OMPT 2017-1MKT 
 One Bryant Park 2019-OBP 
 
 ONE LINCOLN 2004-C3 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET (OWS CF IV 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET (OWS CF V L 
 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET (OWS CF V S 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CAP MASTER FUND WH 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CF A-2 SPV 
 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CF IX LLC 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CF IX SPV L 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CF IX-A SPV 
 
 One William Street CF VIII LLC 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CMBE MN 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CMBE MN B S 
 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CMBE MN SPV 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET CRE FUND L, 
 One William Street CRE Funding 
 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET OWS CF VI 
 ONE WILLIAM STREET OWS CF VII 
 ONYP 2020-1NYP 
 
 OPC KMPM LLC (OAKPASS) WH 
 OREI I INVESTMENTS LLC (OHANA) 
 OREI II INVESTMENTS LLC (OHANA) 
 
 OWS ABS MASTER FUND II, LP 
 OWS BACF SPV LLC (OWS WH) 
 OWS BCA FUNDING WAREHOUSE 
 
 OWS CF A, LLC 
 OWS CF A-1 SPV LLC 
 OWS CF II SPV LLC Warehouse 
 
 OWS CF III WAREHOUSE 
 OWS CF SUB I WAREHOUSE 
 OWS CF VA SPV WAREHOUSE 
 
 OWS CF VI SPV WAREHOUSE 
 OWS CF VIA SPV, LLC 
 OWS COF I MASTER WH 
 
 OWS COMMERCIAL FUNDING 7 WAREH 
 OWS COMMERCIAL FUNDING II, LTD 
 OWS Commercial Funding, LLC 

APPENDIX A 

OWS COMMERCIAL MEZZ WAREHOUSE 
 OWS CREDIT OPPORTUNITY I WH 
 OWS I ACQUISITIONS, LLC WH 
 
 OXFORD PROPERTIES WAREHOUSE 
 OXFORD PROPERTIES WAREHOUSE 2 
 PCRED LENDING II OFFSHORE WH 
 
 PCRED LENDING III WAREHOUSE 
 PCRED LENDING IV WAREHOUSE 
 PCRED LENDING V COMPANION 
 
 PCRED LENDING V WAREHOUSE 
 PCT 2016-PLSD 
 PDILS PCILS PFLEX (PIMCO) 
 
 PERSI WF WAREHOUSE 
 PFP 2017-4 COMPANION 
 PFP 2019-5 
 
 PFP 2019-5 COMPANION 
 PFP 2019-6 CLO 
 PFP 2019-6 CLO COMPANION 
 
 PFP V SUB I LLC 
 PFP V SUB I LLC REPO 
 PFP V SUB II LLC 
 
 PFPIII 
 PILLAR FUNDING LLC WAREHOUSE 
 PIMCO (TOCU I LLC) 
 
 PIMCO (TOCU II AND GCCU II) WH 
 PIMCO Bermuda Trust II: Pimco Bermuda Income Fund 
 PIMCO FUND WAREHOUSE 
 
 PIMCO Funds: PIMCO Income Fund 
 PIMCO Funds: PIMCO Total Return Fund 
 PIMCO PIF INVESTMENTS OFFSHORE 
 
 PIMCO PIF ONSHORE I 
 PIMCO PIF ONSHORE II 
 PIMCO/GOLDMAN REPO 
 
 PNC Bank 
 POLC HOLDINGS I LLC MEZZ WH 
 POTOMAC TOWER 2022-1 
 
 PREDF WAREHOUSE 
 PRIME PFP VI SUB I Warehouse 
 PRIME PFP VI SUB IX Warehouse 

APPENDIX A 

PRIME FINANCE PARTNERS II, L.P. 
 PRIME MORGAN STANLEY REPO 
 PRIME PFP (CAPITAL ONE REPO) 
 
 PRIME PFP (CITI REPO) 
 PRIME PFP VI SUB XI LLC 
 PRIME PFP VI WAREHOUSE 
 
 PROPHET WAREHOUSE 
 PSBAmherst Finance Construction WH 
 QCMT13QC 
 
 QFP II, LP (QUADRANT) 
 Quadrant Debt Fund, LP 
 Quadrant Mezz Fund, LP (approved-QMP Management LLC) 
 
 RAITH RE FUND I LP WAREHOUSE 
 RAMSFIELD (CVI ESJ LLC WAREHOUSE 
 RBSCF 2013-GSP 
 
 RBSCF 2013-SMV 
 RCC REAL ESTATE WAREHOUSE 
 RCP SUB WF REPO 
 
 REGIONS BANK WAREHOUSE 
 REMB Insurance Servicing 
 REMIC ASSET HOLDINGS WAREHOUSE 
 
 RESOURCE (RCC REAL ESTATE SPE 
 RESOURCE CAPITAL CORP. WAREHOUSE 
 RESOURCE CAPITAL REPO WAREHOUSE 
 
 RESOURCE REPO (WF) WAREHOUSE 
 RESOURCES REPO WITH DB 
 RIAL 2022-FL8 
 
 RIAL 2022-FL8 PARTICIPATION 
 RIALTO BARCLAY FSCREIT REPO 
 Rialto Real Estate Fund III-Debt LP 
 
 RIALTO REPO WITH WF 
 RIALTO RREF-IV D REPO 
 RIALTO RREF-IV D WAREHOUSE 
 
 RIALTO WAREHOUSE 2013 
 RIALTO/GOLDMAN REPO 
 Rialto/Natixis Repo 
 
 RMF SUB 4 LLC (CITIREPO) 
 RMF SUB 5 (BARCLAYS REPO) 
 RMF SUB LLC WF REPO 

APPENDIX A 

RMF SUB2 LLC (RIALTO REPO) 
 ROC BRIDGE (BARCLAY REPO) 
 ROC DEBT STRATEGIES (BRIDGE RE) 
 
 ROC DEBT STRATEGIES II MORGAN 
 ROC DEBT STRATEGIES II WAREHOUSE 
 ROC DEBT STRATEGY FUND MANAGER LLC 
 
 ROCKINCOME WAREHOUSE 
 ROCKWOOD (375 PARK) WAREHOUSE 
 ROCKWOOD CAPITAL LLC 
 
 ROCKWOOD CAPITAL REAL ESTATE 
 ROCKWOOD CAPITAL, LLC (NORTHROCK) 
 ROSS 2017-ROSS 
 
 RREF III RIALTO WAREHOUSE 
 RREF IV - D DLI CR LLC(RIALTO) 
 RREF IV-D DLI FINANCE LLC 
 
 RREF IV-D DLI Finance LLC 2 
 RREF RIALTO/GOLDMAN REPO 
 RSF XVI LLC PIMCO 
 
 SAMSUNG MEZZ LLC 
 SAPIR ORGANIZATION(1009 5TH AV 
 SAS WAREHOUSE 2013 (H2) 
 
 SBL 2015-KIND 
 SBL 2016-KIND 
 SCULPTOR CAF I 
 
 SCULPTOR WAREHOUSE 
 SFAVE 2015-5AVE 
 SG CAPITAL PARTNERS WAREHOUSE 
 
 SG CAPITAL PARTNERS/ FORETHOUG 
 SGCMS 2016-C5 
 SGCMS 2016-C5 COMPANION 
 
 SGCMS 2019-787E 
 SGCMS 2019-787E COMPANION 
 SGCMS 2020-COVE 
 
 SGCMS 2020-COVE COMPANION 
 SGCP 2018-FL1 
 SGCP 2018-FL1 COMPANION 
 
 SHELTER GROWTH FUND I MRA WH 
 SHELTER GROWTH HEDGE FUND WH 
 SHELTER GROWTH JPM WAREHOUSE 

APPENDIX A 

SHELTER GROWTH MRA 
 SHELTER GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES 
 SHELTER OPPORTUNITIES WAREHOUSE 
 
 SILVERPEAK RE FINANCE LLC WAREHOUSE 
 SILVERSTEIN WAREHOUSE 
 SINGERMAN (RIDGMAR MEZZ LOAN) 
 
 SL GREEN - JPM REPO 
 SL GREEN LOAN SERVICES WH 
 SL GREEN REALTY CORP/GRAMERCY 
 
 SL GREEN WAREHOUSE 
 SLG 2021-OVA 
 SMC 2017-TIME COMPANION 
 
 SOCIETE GENERALE WAREHOUSE 
 SOUND MARK HORIZONS FUND LP WAREHOUSE 
 SOUND POINT CRE FINANCE - AFLACINC 
 
 SOUND POINT CRE FINANCE - AFLACNXTJP 
 SOUND POINT CRE FINANCE - AFLACNXTUS 
 SOUND POINT CRE FINANCE - SPTAFLAC 
 
 SOUND POINT CRE FINANCE -AFLACCREUS 
 SOVEREIGN BANK NA 
 SP OFFICE FUNDING LP (STARWOOD) 
 
 SPGN 2022-TFLM 
 SPREF WH II WF REPO 
 SPREF WH III (SILVERPEAK) COLUMN REPO 
 
 SPREF WH IV LLC (ARGENTIC) 
 SRE FW MEZZ WAREHOUSE (RIDGMAR MEZZ) 
 SREIT 2021-FLWR 
 
 SREIT 2021-IND 
 SREIT 2021-MFP 
 SREIT 2021-PALM 
 
 SRPT 2014-STAR 
 STARWOOD (JP MORGAN REPO) 
 STARWOOD 14 AND 14A/ JP REPO 
 
 STARWOOD CAP REPO 
 STARWOOD CITI REPO SUB 6 
 STARWOOD METLIFE REPO 
 
 STARWOOD MORT FUNDING-MORGAN STANLEY REP 
 STARWOOD MORT SUB 18 AND SUB 1 
 STARWOOD MORTGAGE CAPITAL WAREHOUSE 

APPENDIX A 

STARWOOD MORTGAGE FUNDING V LL 
 STARWOOD MORTGAGE VII (BMO) 
 STARWOOD PROPERTY MORTGAGE LLC WAREHOUSE 
 
 Starwood Property Mortgage Sub-19, LLC and Starwood Property Mortgage Sub-19-A LLC 
 STARWOOD PROPERTY MORTGAGE SUB-2, L.L.C. 
 Starwood Property Mortgage Sub-21, LLC and Starwood Property Mortgage Sub-21-A LLC 
 
 STARWOOD SUB 14 REPO 
 STARWOOD SUB 22 -22A (BARCLAY 
 STARWOOD SUB 23 -23A (GOLDMAN) 
 
 STARWOOD SUB 24 -24A (BMO Harr 
 STARWOOD SUB 25 -25A (SOCGEN 
 STARWOOD SUB 30 30A (NATIXIS 
 
 Starwood Sub 34 34A 
 STARWOOD16 REPO 
 STRATEGIC ASSET SERVICES LLC W 
 
 STRATEGIC ASSET SERVICES MEZZ 
 STRATEGIC LAND JOINT VENTURE 2 
 STWD 2019-FL1 
 
 STWD 2019-FL1 COMPANION 
 STWD 2021-FL2 
 STWD 2021-FL2 COMPANION 
 
 STWD 2021-HTS 
 STWD 2021-LIH 
 STWD 2022-FL3 
 
 STWD 2022-FL3 COMPANION 
 SUMITOMO WAREHOUSE 
 TACONIC CAPITAL ADVISORS L. P 
 
 TACONIC/AXONIC 4000 WAREHOUSE 
 TALL PINES WAREHOUSE 
 TCO 2022-DPM 
 
 TD BANK 
 TEACHERS INSURANCE ANNUITY ASSOCIATION 
 TIAA 2007-C4 
 
 TIMES SQUARE HOTEL TRUST 
 TMSQ 2014-1500 
 TOCU II LLC (PIMCO ENTITY) 
 
 TOCU II, LLC (PIMCO SLAM) 
 TOLIS CINCI WAREHOUSE 
 TRE SPCM SERIES II PORTFOLIO 

APPENDIX A 

TRIANGLE (NORTHSIDE-ROSSER DEB 
 TRIANGLE (NORTHSIDE-ROSSER DEBT HOLDING) 
 TRIANGLE TCG POINTE WAREHOUSE 
 
 TRIANGLE WAREHOUSE 
 TRT LENDING SUBSIDIARY II LLC WAREHOUSE 
 TRTX 2018-FL1 COMPANION 
 
 TSQ 2018-20TS COMPANION 
 TUEBOR WAREHOUSE (LADDER) 
 UBS 2012-C1 
 
 UBS 2017-C1 
 UBS 2017-C1 COMPANION 
 UBS 2017-C4 
 
 UBS 2017-C4 COMPANION 
 UBS 2017-C6 
 UBS 2017-C6 COMPANION 
 
 UBS 2017-C7 
 UBS 2017-C7 COMPANION 
 UBS 2018-C10 
 
 UBS 2018-C10 COMPANION 
 UBS 2019-C17 
 UBS 2019-C17 COMPANION 
 
 UBS 2019-C18 
 UBS 2019-C18 COMPANION 
 UBS AG WAREHOUSE 
 
 UBS-BARCLAYS 2012-C2 
 UBS-BARCLAYS 2012-C4 
 UBS-CITIGROUP 2011-C1 
 
 UBSCM 2018-NYCH 
 UCB07-1 
 US 2018-USDC 
 
 US BANK NA 
 VDNO 2013-PENN 
 VERTICAL CRE CDO 
 
 Vestas Qualified Investors Private RE Fund Invest Trust No. 35 
 VLS 2020-LAB 
 VNO 2012-6AVE 
 
 VORNADO DP LLC 2010-VNO 
 VORNADO REALTY L.P. WAREHOUSE 
 WABR16BOCA 

APPENDIX A 

WACHOVIA 2003-C7 
 WACHOVIA 2004 C11 
 WACHOVIA 2004 C15 
 
 WACHOVIA 2004-C12 
 WACHOVIA 2005 C17 
 WACHOVIA 2005-C20 
 
 WACHOVIA 2005-C21 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C23 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C24 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C27 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C28 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C29 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C29 COMPANION 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C30 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C30 COMPANION 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C31 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C31 COMPANION 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C32 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C33 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C33 COMPANION 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C34 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-WHALE 8 NON TRUST 
 WACHOVIA RED - TAX CREDIT 
 WACHOVIA STRUCTURED FINANCE 
 
 WALNUT141 WAREHOUSE 
 WASHINGTON SUB, LLC 
 WBHT 2019-WBM 
 
 WEST TOWN MALL TRUST 2017-KNOX 
 WEST TOWN MALL TRUST 2017-KNOX COMPANION 
 WESTIN ST FRANCIS MEZZ (MORGAN STANLEY) 
 
 WF LCC V LLC WAREHOUSE 
 WFB - BRIDGE LOANS 
 WFB - EVERBANK TRANSFER 
 
 WFB - PORTFOLIO 
 WFCF UCC/INSURANCE SERVICING 
 WFCF-Cap Fin Corp Canada 
 
 WFCF-Cap Fin LLC 
 WFCF-TradeCap Serv Inc 
 WFCF-UK London Branch 

APPENDIX A 

WFCM 2012-LC5 
 WFCM 2013-120B 
 WFCM 2013-BTC 
 
 WFCM 2013-LC12 
 WFCM 2014-LC16 
 WFCM 2014-LC18 
 
 WFCM 2015-C26 
 WFCM 2015-C27 
 WFCM 2015-C28 
 
 WFCM 2015-C28 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2015-C29 
 WFCM 2015-C30 
 
 WFCM 2015-C31 
 WFCM 2015-C31 Companion 
 WFCM 2015-LC20 
 
 WFCM 2015-LC20 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2015-LC22 
 WFCM 2015-NXS1 
 
 WFCM 2015-NXS1 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2015-NXS2 
 WFCM 2015-NXS2 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2015-NXS3 
 WFCM 2015-NXS3 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2015-NXS4 
 
 WFCM 2015-P2 
 WFCM 2015-SG1 
 WFCM 2016-BNK1 
 
 WFCM 2016-BNK1 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2016-C32 
 WFCM 2016-C33 
 
 WFCM 2016-C34 
 WFCM 2016-C34 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2016-C35 
 
 WFCM 2016-C35 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2016-C36 
 WFCM 2016-C36 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2016-C37 
 WFCM 2016-C37 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2016-LC24 

APPENDIX A 

WFCM 2016-LC25 
 WFCM 2016-LC25 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2016-NXS5 
 
 WFCM 2016-NXS6 
 WFCM 2016-NXS6 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2017-C38 
 
 WFCM 2017-C38W 
 WFCM 2017-C39 
 WFCM 2017-C39 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2017-C40 
 WFCM 2017-C40 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2017-C41 
 
 WFCM 2017-C41 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2017-C42 
 WFCM 2017-C42 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2017-HSDB 
 WFCM 2017-RB1 
 WFCM 2017-RB1 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2017-RC1 
 WFCM 2017-RC1 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2017-SMP 
 
 WFCM 2018-1745 
 WFCM 2018-AUS 
 WFCM 2018-BXI 
 
 WFCM 2018-C43 
 WFCM 2018-C43 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2018-C44 
 
 WFCM 2018-C44 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2018-C45 
 WFCM 2018-C45 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2018-C46 
 WFCM 2018-C46 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2018-C47 
 
 WFCM 2018-C47 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2018-C48 
 WFCM 2018-C48 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2019-C49 
 WFCM 2019-C49 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2019-C50 

APPENDIX A 

WFCM 2019-C50 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2019-C51 
 WFCM 2019-C51 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2019-C52 
 WFCM 2019-C52 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2019-C53 
 
 WFCM 2019-C53 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2019-C54 
 WFCM 2019-C54 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2019-JWDR 
 WFCM 2020-C55 
 WFCM 2020-C55 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2020-C56 
 WFCM 2020-C56 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2020-C57 
 
 WFCM 2020-C57 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2020-C58 
 WFCM 2020-C58 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2021-C59 
 WFCM 2021-C59 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2021-C60 
 
 WFCM 2021-C60 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2021-C61 
 WFCM 2021-C61 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2021-FCMT 
 WFCM 2021-SAVE 
 WFCM 2022-C62 
 
 WFCM 2022-C62 COMPANION 
 WFCM 2022-JS2 
 WFCM 2022-JS2 COMPANION 
 
 WFCM 2022-ONL 
 WFCM WAREHOUSE 
 WFCM10C1 
 
 WFCM10C1 (PARTICIPATION)_BASIS 
 WFEF SHADOW LOANS #2 
 WFLD 2014-MONT 
 
 WFRBS 2011-C3 
 WFRBS 2011-C5 
 WFRBS 2012-C10 

APPENDIX A 

WFRBS 2012-C6 
 WFRBS 2012-C7 
 WFRBS 2012-C8 
 
 WFRBS 2012-C9 
 WFRBS 2013-C11 
 WFRBS 2013-C12 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C13 
 WFRBS 2013-C14 
 WFRBS 2013-C15 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C16 
 WFRBS 2013-C17 
 WFRBS 2013-C18 
 
 WFRBS 2013-UBS1 
 WFRBS 2014-C19 
 WFRBS 2014-C20 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C21 
 WFRBS 2014-C22 
 WFRBS 2014-C23 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C24 
 WFRBS 2014-C25 
 WFRBS 2014-LC14 
 
 WFRBS11C2 
 WFRBS11C2 (PARTICIPATION)_WEST RIVER 
 WFRBS11C4 
 
 WFRBS11C4 (COMPANION)_LIBERTYLIFE 
 WMRK 2022-WMRK 
 WPT 2017-WWP 
 
 WPT 2017-WWP COMPANION 
 YIELD STREET STANDALONE WAREHOUSE 
 YIELDSTREET WAREHOUSE 
 
 ARKANSAS DEVELOP. FINANCE AUTH 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 CUDD CO. 
 
 FANNIE MAE BOND CE 
 FANNIE MAE DUS CASH 
 FANNIE MAE DUS/MBS 30/360 
 
 FANNIE MAE DUS/MBS ACT/360 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage 

APPENDIX A 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
 FHA POOLS 
 
 FNMA-CASH 30/360 
 FNMA-CASH ACTUAL/360 
 FNMA-MBS 30/360 
 
 FNMA-MBS 5-50 
 FNMA-MBS ACTUAL/360 
 FREDDIE MAC - ARC70 TEBS II 
 
 FREDDIE MAC BOND CE 
 FREDDIE MAC BOND CE (DIRECT P) 
 G.N.M.A. 
 
 MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LL 
 NYC HOUSING DEVELOPMENT CORP 
 PRIVATE PLACEMENT TEBCE 
 
 ROBERT H. WILDER JR 
 STORMS AND COMPANY 
 SUN TRUST BANK 
 
 THE BANK OF NY MELLON TRUST CO 
 U.S. BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSN. 
 US Bank FBO Baird Strategic 
 
 VALLEY GROUP III, LLC 
 WELLS FARGO BANK N.A. 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. 
 
 WF DIRECT PURCHASE BONDS 

APPENDIX B 

APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA WITH RESPECT
TO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE POOLS, 
MULTIFAMILY MORTGAGE POOLS AND OTHER STRUCTURES 

 (THE PLATFORM) 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 
 
 General Servicing Considerations 
 
 1122(d)(1)(i) 
 Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the 
 X 

A-1 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(1)(v) 
 Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 
 X 

Cash Collection and Administration 
 
 1122(d)(2)(i) 
 Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 
 X 

A-2 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(v) 
 Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of 
 X 

A-3 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 

1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(vii) 
 Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other 
 X 

A-4 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i) (A) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; 
 X 

1122(d)(3)(i)(B) 
 (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i)(C) 
 (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i)(D) 
 (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool 

X 

A-5 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

assets serviced by the Servicer. 

1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreement 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

X 
 
 Pool Asset Administration 
 
 1122(d)(4)(i) 
 Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreement or related mortgage loan documents. 
 X 
 X 

A-6 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreement. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 
 X(1) 

1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related [pool asset] documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related mortgage loan documents. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(v) 
 The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicer s records with respect to an 
 X 

A-7 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

obligor s unpaid principal balance. 

1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 
 X 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a mortgage loan is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records 
 X 

A-8 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 

1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related mortgage loan documents. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(x)(A 
 Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(x)(B 
 (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with 
 X 

A-9 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

applicable pool asset documents and state laws; 

1122(d)(4)(x)(C 
 (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the Servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 
 X(2) 

1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late 
 X 
 X 
 X(2) 

A-10 

APPENDIX B 

Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 INAPPLICABLE Servicing Criteria 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by the Company 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsibl e Party 
 Performed by vendor(s) for which the Company is NOT the Responsibl e Party 
 NOT performed by the Company or by subservicer(s or vendor(s) retained by the Company 

payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 

1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the Servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 

(1) There were no activities performed during the year ended December 31,
2022 with respect to the Platform, because there were no occurrences of events that would require the Company to perform such activities. 

(2) The vendor, CoreLogic Solutions, LLC, provided a separate Reg AB 1122
(d) attestation for their tax payment activities as they relate to criteria 1122(d)(4)(xi) and (xii). 

A-11 

</EX-33.1>

<EX-33.2>
 4
 ex332.htm

February 28, 2023 

 Management s Assertion on Compliance with Regulation
AB Criteria 

 Re: Assessment of Compliance for services provided
pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreements entered into by CWCapital Asset Management LLC beginning January 1, 2005 and; as of and
for the 12-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

 CWCapital Asset Management LLC CWCAM is responsible for assessing compliance with applicable servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 (d) of Regulation AB of the Securities
and Exchange Commission for the securitizations issued beginning January 1, 2005, as listed on Appendix A Applicable Servicing
Criteria ). 

 CWCAM has assessed its compliance with the applicable
servicing criteria as of December 31, 202 2 and for the period from January 1, 2022 to December
31, 2022 (the Reporting Period ). In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Securities and
Exchange Commission in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB, excluding the criteria set forth in Item 1122 (d)(1)(iii), (d)(3)(i)(B),
(d)(3)(i)(C), (d)(3)(i)(D), (d)(3)(ii), (d)(3)(iii), (d)(3)(iv), (d)(4)(v), (d)(4)(ix), (d)(4)(x), (d)(4)(xi), (d)(4)(xii), (d)(4)(xiii),
(d)(4)(xiv), and (d)(4)(xv) of Regulation AB, which CWCAM has concluded are not applicable to the activities it performs (collectively,
the Not Applicable Criteria ). With respect to applicable servicing criteria (d)(1)(ii), (d)(2)(vi), (d)(4)(i), (d)(4)(iii),
and (d)(4)(iv), CWCAM has determined that there were no occurrences of events that would require CWCAM to perform such activities. The
securitizations covered by this report include all securitizations wherein CWCAM is named as the Special Servicer for securitizations
issued beginning January 1, 2005, as listed in Appendix B (the Platform ). 

 Based on such assessment, management believes, as
of December 31, 2022 and for the Reporting Period, the following: 

 1) 
 CWCAM has determined that the Not Applicable Criteria are in fact not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to
the Platform. 

 2) 
 CWCAM has complied in all material respects with the applicable servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122. 

 CohnReznick LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on CWCAM s management s assessment of compliance with the Applicable Servicing
Criteria as of and for the 12-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

Appendix A 

 Applicable Servicing Criteria 

Relevant Servicing Criteria 

Reference 
 Criteria 
 CWCAM 

General Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) 
 Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the mortgage loans are maintained. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(1)(v) 
 Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 
 Applicable 

Cash Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) 
 Payments on mortgage loans are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(2)(v) 
 Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vii) 
 Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations (A) are mathematically accurate; (B) are prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank 
 Applicable 

Relevant Servicing Criteria 

Reference 
 Criteria 
 CWCAM 

statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) are reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of mortgage loans serviced by the Servicer. 
 
 (A) Applicable 
 (B) Not Applicable 
 (C) Not Applicable 
 (D) Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 
 Not Applicable 

Pool Asset Administration 

1122(d)(4)(i) 
 Collateral or security on mortgage loans is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related mortgage loan documents. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 Mortgage loan and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 Payments on mortgage loans, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related mortgage loan documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related mortgage loan documents. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(v) 
 The Servicer s records regarding the mortgage loans agree with the Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s mortgage loans (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 
 Applicable 

Relevant Servicing Criteria 

Reference 
 Criteria 
 CWCAM 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a mortgage loan is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent mortgage loans including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 
 Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for mortgage loans with variable rates are computed based on the related mortgage loan documents. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(x) 
 Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s mortgage loan documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable mortgage loan documents and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related mortgage loans, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 Not Applicable 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 Not Applicable 

Appendix B 
Platform 

Aventura 2018-AVM 
BACM 2007-1 
BACM 2007-5 
BACM 2008-1 
BANCORP 2019-CRE6 
BANK 2017-BNK5 
BANK 2020-BNK25 
BANK 2020-BNK27 
BANK 2021-BNK37 
BANK 2022-BNK40 
BENCHMARK 2018-B4 
BENCHMARK 2018-B8 
BENCHMARK 2019-B13 
BENCHMARK 2021-B23 
BHMS 2018-ATLS 
BMARK 2018-B2 
BMARK 2019-B12 
BMARK 2021-B30 
BMO 2022-C1 
BPR 2021-NRD 
BPR 2022-SSP 
BSCMS 2007-PWR18 
BSCMS 2007-TOP26 
BX 2017-CQHP 
BX 2019-ATL 
CF 2019-CF1 
CFCRE 2016-C3 
CGCMT 2016-P4 
CGCMT 2016-P6 
CGCMT 2020-GC46 
COBALT 2007-C2 
COMM 2013-CCRE11 
COMM 2015-CCRE23 
COMM 2015-CCRE25 
COMM 2015-CCRE26 
COMM 2016-CCRE28 
COMM 2016-DC2 
COMM 2019-GC44 
COMM 2021-LBA 
COMM 2022-HC 
CPTS 2019-CPT 
CSAIL 2017-CX10 
CSMC 2008-C1 
CSMC 2014-USA 
 DBJPM 2020-C9 
DBUBS 2011-LC3 
DCOT 2019-MTC 
DROP 2021-FILE 
EQUS 2021-EQAZ 
GSMS 2012-GCJ7 
GSMS 2014-GC22 
GSMS 2014-GC26 
GSMS 2015-GC32 
GSMS 2018-RIVR 
GSMS 2019-BOCA 
GSMS 2020-GC45 
GSMS 2020-TWN3 
GSMS 2021-ROSS MZ 
GSMS 2021-STAR 
HGI 2022-FL3 
HILT 2016-HHV 
Hudson Yards 2019-55HY 
JPMBB 2014-C19 
JPMBB 2015-C33 
JPMC 2006-CIBC17 
JPMC 2006-LDP9 
JPMCC 2008-C2 
JPMC 2018-LAQ 
JPMCC 2013-C10 
JPMCC 2013-C16 
JPMCC 2017-JP7 
JPMCC 2018-ASH8 
JPMCC 2019-ICON UES 
JPMCC 2020-NNN 
JPMCC 2021-MHC 
JPMDB 2017-C5 
LBUBS 2006-C6 
LUXE 2021-MLBH 
MHC 2021-MHC 
MHC 2021-MHC2 
MHP 2021-STOR 
MLCFC 2006-1 
MLCFC 2006-4 
MLCFC 2007-5 
MLCFC 2007-6 
MLMT 2006-C1 
MOFT 2020-ABC 
MSBAM 2013-C12 
 MSBAM 2014-C15 
MSBAM 2014-C19 
MSBAM 2015-C27 
MSC 2016-UBS11 
MSC 2019-PLND 
MSC 2021-ILP 
MSCI 2016-UBS9 
NOHT 2019-HNLA 
ONE 2021-PARK 
OPG 2021-PORT 
PKHL 2021-MF 
SMR 2022-IND 
SREIT 2021-FLWR 
SREIT 2021-MFP 
SREIT 2021-PALM 
UBS 2017-C1 
VNDO 2016-350P 
WBCMT 2006-C23 
WBCMT 2006-C28 
WBCMT 2007-C33 
WBCMT 2007-C34 
WBHT 2019-WBM 
WFCM 2016-C35 
WFCM 2016-NXS6 
WFCM 2019-JWDR 
WFCM 2021-C61 
WFRBS 2013-C11 
WFRBS 2013-C15 
WFRBS 2013-UBS1 
WFRBS 2014-C22 
WFRBS 2014-C23 
WFRBS 2014-C25 

</EX-33.2>

<EX-33.4>
 5
 ex334.htm

MANAGEMENT S ASSERTION OF COMPLIANCE 

Management of the Trust Agency Services department of Deutsche Bank National
Trust Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (collectively the Company is responsible for assessing the servicing
criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission to determine which criteria
are applicable to the Company in respect of the servicing platform described below. Management has determined that the servicing criteria
are applicable in regard to the servicing platform as of and for the period as follows: 

Platform : Publicly-issued i.e. , transaction-level reporting required
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and certain privately-issued i.e. , for which transaction-level reporting
is required pursuant to contractual obligation) residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities and other
asset-backed securities issued on or after January 1, 2006, for which the Company provides trustee, certificate administrator, securities
administration, paying agent or custodian services, as defined in the transaction agreements, excluding publicly-issued securities sponsored
or issued by any government sponsored entity (the Platform (see Appendix A). 

Applicable Servicing Criteria : All servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d),
to the extent required by Item 1122(d) servicing criteria in regards to the activities performed by the Company with respect to the Platform
as to any transaction, except for the following criteria: 1122(d)(4)(iv) 1122(d)(4)(xiv), which management has determined are
not applicable to the activities the Company performs with respect to the Platform (the Applicable Servicing Criteria ).
With respect to Applicable Servicing Criteria 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(2)(iii) and 1122(d)(4)(iii) there were no activities
performed during the year ended December 31, 2022 with respect to the Platform, because there were no occurrences of events that would
require the Company to perform such activities. 

Period : Year ended December 31, 2022 (the Period ). 

Management's interpretation of Applicable Servicing Criteria : The Company s
management has determined that servicing criterion 1122(d)(1)(iii) is applicable only with respect to its continuing obligation to act
as, or locate a, successor servicer under the circumstances referred to in certain transaction agreements. It is management's interpretation
that the Company has no other active back-up servicing responsibilities in regards to servicing criterion 1122(d)(1)(iii) as of and for
the Period. The Company s management has determined that servicing criterion 1122(d)(1)(v) is applicable only to the activities
the Company performs related to the mathematically accurate aggregation of information received from servicers and the accurate conveyance
of such information within reports to investors. The Company s management has determined that servicing criterion 1122(d)(4)(iii)
is applicable to the activities the Company performs with respect to the Platform only as it relates to the Company s obligation
to report additions, removals or substitutions on reports to investors in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

With respect to the Platform as of and for the Period, the Company s management
provides the following assertion of compliance with respect to the Applicable Servicing Criteria: 

The Company s management is responsible for assessing the Company s compliance with the Applicable
Servicing Criteria. 

The Company s management has assessed compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation
AB. 

Based on such assessment, the Company has complied, in all material respects with the Applicable Servicing
Criteria. 

Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued
an attestation report with respect to management s assertion of compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria as of and for
the Period. 

Appendix A 

I - Mortgage-backed transactions and securities constituting the platform - MBS
deals 

Deal ID 
 Deal Name 
 Series 
 
 AA0601 
 AAMES MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST 
 2006-1 
 
 AB07O1 
 Alliance Bancorp Trust 
 2007-OA1 
 
 AC0601 
 Accredited Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-1 
 
 AC0602 
 Accredited Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-2 
 
 AC0701 
 Accredited Home Loan Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 AG0601 
 Aegis 
 2006-1 
 
 AH0601 
 American Home Mortgage Investment Trust 
 2006-1 
 
 AH0602 
 American Home Mortgage Investment Trust 
 2006-2 
 
 AH0603 
 American Home Mortgage Investment Trust 
 2006-3 
 
 AH06A1 
 American Home Mortgage Assets 
 2006-1 
 
 AH06A2 
 American Home Mortgage Assets Trust 
 2006-2 
 
 AH06A5 
 American Home Mortgage Assets Trust 
 2006-5 
 
 AH06A6 
 American Home Mortgage Assets 
 2006-6 
 
 AH0701 
 American Home Mortgage Investment Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 AH0702 
 American Home Mortgage Inv Trust 
 2007-2 
 
 AH07A1 
 American Home Mortgage Assets Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 AH07A2 
 American Home Mortgage Assets Trust 
 2007-2 
 
 AH07A3 
 American Home Mortgage Assets Trust 
 2007-3 
 
 AH07A4 
 American Home Mortgage Assets Trust 
 2007-4 
 
 AH07A5 
 American Home Mortgage Assets Trust 
 2007-5 
 
 AQ0601 
 Ameriquest 
 2006-R1 
 
 AQ0602 
 AMERIQUEST MORTGAGE SECURITIES, INC. 
 2006-R2 
 
 AQ06M3 
 Ameriquest Mortgage Securities 
 2006-M3 
 
 AR0601 
 Argent 
 2006-1 
 
 AR0602 
 Ameriquest / Argent 
 2006-2 
 
 AR0603 
 ARGENT SECURITIES INC 
 2006-W3 
 
 AR0604 
 ARGENT SECURITIES INC 
 2006-W4 
 
 AR0605 
 ARGENT SECURITIES INC 
 2006-W5 
 
 AR06M1 
 Ameriquest / Argent 
 2006-M1 
 
 AR06M2 
 Argent Securities Trust 
 2006-M2 
 
 BA15SK 
 SFAVE 
 2015-5AVE 
 
 BC0601 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2006-WM3 
 
 BC06F4 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2006-FR4 
 
 BC06W4 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2006-WM4 
 
 BC0701 
 BCAP LLC TRUST 
 2007-AA1 
 
 BC0702 
 BCAP LLC TRUST 
 2007-AA2 
 
 BC0703 
 BCAP LLC TRUST 
 2007-AA3 
 
 BC0704 
 BCAP LLC TRUST 
 2007-AA4 
 
 BC0705 
 BCAPB LLC TRUST 
 2007-AB1 
 
 BC07B1 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2007-BR1 
 
 BC07B2 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2007-BR2 
 
 BC07B3 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust (SABR) 
 2007-BR3 
 
 BC07B4 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust (SABR) 
 2007-BR4 
 
 BC07B5 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust (SABR) 
 2007-BR5 
 
 BC07C1 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2007-NC1 
 
 BC07C2 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2007-NC2 
 
 BC07E1 
 EquiFirst Loan Securitization Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 BC07H1 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables (SABR) 
 2007-HE1 
 
 CD07C5 
 CD 2007-CD5 Mortgage Trust 
 2007-CD5 
 
 CI1423 
 CGCMT 
 2014-23 
 
 CI1425 
 CGCMT 
 2014-GC25 
 
 CI14F1 
 CG-CCRE 
 2014-FL1 
 
 CI14F2 
 CG-CCRE 
 2014-FL2 
 
 CI1527 
 CGCMT 
 2015-GC27 
 
 CI1529 
 CGCMT 
 2015-GC29 
 
 CI1531 
 CGCMT 
 2015-GC31 
 
 CI1533 
 CGCMT 
 2015-GC33 
 
 CI1535 
 Citigroup Commercial Series 
 2015-GC35 
 
 CI15P1 
 CGCMT 
 2015-P1 
 
 CI1637 
 CGCMT 
 2016-GC37 
 
 CI16C1 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2016-C1 
 
 CI16C2 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2016-C2 
 
 CI16C3 
 CGCMT 
 2016-C3 
 
 CI16P4 
 CGCMT 
 2016-P4 
 
 CI16P5 
 CGCMT 
 2016-P5 
 
 CI16P6 
 CGCMT 
 2016-P6 
 
 CI17B1 
 CGCMT 
 2017-B1 
 
 CI17P7 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2017-P7 
 
 DB06G1 
 DB / ACE Securities Corp. 
 2006-GP1 
 
 DB07C9 
 COMM 2007-C9 Mortgage Trust 
 2007-C9 
 
 DB11L2 
 DBUBS 2011-LC2 Mortgage Trust 
 2011-LC2 
 
 DB12C3 
 COMM 2012-CCRE3 Mortgage Trust 
 2012-CCRE3 
 
 DB12L4 
 COMM 
 2012-LC4 
 
 DB12LT 
 COMM 2012-LTRT Mortgage Trust 
 2012-LTRT 
 
 DB12VT 
 VNDO 
 2012-6AVE 
 
 DB1311 
 COMM 
 2013-CCRE11 
 
 DB1313 
 COMM 
 2013-LC13 
 
 DB133P 
 COMM 2013-300P Mortgage Trust 
 2013-300P 
 
 DB13BW 
 BWAY 2013-1515 MORTGAGE TRUST 
 2013-1515 
 
 DB13C6 
 COMM 
 2013-CCRE6 
 
 DB13C8 
 COMM 2013-CCRE8 Mortgage Trust 
 2013-CCRE8 
 
 DB13C9 
 COMM 2013-CCRE9 Mortgage Trust 
 2013-CCRE9 
 
 DB13CC 
 COMM 
 2013-CCRE13 
 
 DB13SF 
 COMM 
 2013-SFS 
 
 DB1414 
 COMM 
 2014-CCRE14 
 
 DB1417 
 COMM 
 2014-CCRE17 
 
 DB14AR 
 DBCCRE 
 2014-ARCP 
 
 DB14U2 
 COMM 
 2014-UBS2 
 
 DB14U4 
 COMM 2014-UBS4 Mortgage Trust 
 2014-UBS4 
 
 DB1521 
 COMM 
 2015-LC21 
 
 DB1522 
 COMM 
 2015-CCRE22 
 
 DB1525 
 COMM 
 2015-CCRE25 
 
 DB15LC 
 DBWF 
 2015-LCM 
 
 DB1678 
 COMM 2016-787S Mortgage Trust 
 2016-787S 
 
 DB1685 
 DBWF 
 2016-85T 
 
 DB16D2 
 COMM 2016-DC2 Mortgage Trust 
 2016-DC2 
 
 DB16SF 
 DBJPM 2016-SFC Mortgage Trust 
 2016-SFC 
 
 FF0603 
 Goldman / First Franklin 
 2006-FF3 
 
 FF0604 
 Goldman / FFMLT 
 2006-FF4 
 
 FF0606 
 Goldman / FFMLT 
 2006-FF6 
 
 FF0613 
 FFMLT Trust 
 2006-FF13 
 
 FF06F1 
 HSBC / First Franklin 
 2006-FF1 
 
 FF06F5 
 HSBC / FFMLT 
 2006-FF5 
 
 FF06F7 
 HSBC / FFMLT 
 2006-FF7 
 
 FF06FB 
 HSBC/First Franklin 
 2006-FF11 
 
 FF07S1 
 FFMLT 
 2007-FFB-SS 
 
 GC0613 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-13 
 
 GC0614 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-14 
 
 GC06B1 
 Greenwich / Harborview Trust MPTC 
 2006-BU1 
 
 GC06D1 
 Greenwich / DSLA MTGE PASS-THRU CERTS 
 2006-AR1 
 
 GC06D2 
 DSLA Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR2 
 
 GC06E1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-EQ1 
 
 GC06E2 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-EQ2 
 
 GC06F1 
 GREENWICH / FREMONT HOME LOAN TRUST 
 2006-1 
 
 GC06F2 
 FREMONT HOME LOAN TRUST 
 2006-2 
 
 GC06F3 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 
 2006-3 
 
 GC06H2 
 Greenwich / Harborview Trust MPTC 
 2006-2 
 
 GC06H3 
 GREENWICH / Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-3 
 
 GC06H5 
 Greenwich / Harborview 
 2006-5 
 
 GC06H6 
 Greenwich / Harborview 
 2006-6 
 
 GC06H7 
 Greenwich / Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-7 
 
 GC06H8 
 Greenwich / Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-8 
 
 GC06H9 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-9 
 
 GC06O1 
 Greenwich / Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-OPT1 
 
 GC06O2 
 Greenwich / Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-OPT2 
 
 GC06O3 
 Greenwich / Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-OPT3 
 
 GC06O4 
 Greenwich / Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-OPT4 
 
 GC06O5 
 Greenwich / Soundview HEL 
 2006-OPT5 
 
 GC06S1 
 Greenwich / Soundview HEL 
 2006-1 
 
 GC06S2 
 GREENWICH / SOUNDVIEW HOME LOAN TRUST 
 2006-2 
 
 GC06S3 
 Greenwich / Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-3 
 
 GC06SA 
 Greenwich / Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-A 
 
 GC06W1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-WF1 
 
 GC06W2 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2006-WF2 
 
 GC06X1 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-SB1 
 
 GC06Z8 
 Greenwich / First Franklin 
 2006-FF8 
 
 GC06ZA 
 FIRST FRANKLIN 
 2006-FF16 
 
 GC070A 
 RBSGC Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-A 
 
 GC070B 
 RBSGC Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-B 
 
 GC071W 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2007-WMC1 
 
 GC07D1 
 DSLA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR1 
 
 GC07H2 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-2 
 
 GC07H4 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-4 
 
 GC07H5 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-5 
 
 GC07H6 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-6 
 
 GC07H7 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-7 
 
 GC07S1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 GC07V1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 
 2007-NS1 
 
 GS0602 
 Goldman GSAA 
 2006-2 
 
 GS0604 
 GSAA TRUST 
 2006-4 
 
 GS0607 
 GSAA HOME EQUITY TRUST 
 2006-7 
 
 GS0608 
 GSAA HOME EQUITY TRUST 
 2006-8 
 
 GS0610 
 Goldman / GSAA 
 2006-10 
 
 GS0611 
 Goldman / GSAA 
 2006-I1 
 
 GS0613 
 Goldman / GSAA Home Equity Trust 
 2006-13 
 
 GS0615 
 GSAA 
 2006-15 
 
 GS0616 
 GSAA 
 2006-16 
 
 GS0617 
 GSAA 
 2006-17 
 
 GS0618 
 GSAA 
 2006-18 
 
 GS061S 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-S1 (private issue id GS06AS) 
 2006-S1 
 
 GS062S 
 Goldman / GSAMP 
 2006-S2 
 
 GS063S 
 GSAMP Trust 
 2006-S3 
 
 GS064S 
 Goldman / GSAMP 
 2006-S4 
 
 GS065S 
 Goldman / GSAMP Trust 
 2006-S5 
 
 GS066S 
 GSAMP Trust 
 2006-S6 
 
 GS06C2 
 Goldman / GSAMP Trust 
 2006-NC2 
 
 GS06F1 
 GSAMP Trust 
 2006-FM1 
 
 GS06F2 
 GSAMP TRUST 
 2006-FM2 
 
 GS06F3 
 GSAMP 
 2006-F3 
 
 GS06G1 
 Greenpoint Mortgage Funding Trust 
 2006-OH1 
 
 GS06H1 
 Goldman / GSAMP 
 2006-HE1 
 
 GS06L1 
 Goldman / GSAMP Trust 
 2006-S1 
 
 GS06O1 
 Goldman / GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-OA1 
 
 GS0702 
 GSAA TRUST 
 2007-2 
 
 GS0704 
 GSAA TRUST 
 2007-4 
 
 GS0705 
 GSAA HOME EQUITY TRUST 
 2007-5 
 
 GS0706 
 GSAA TRUST 
 2007-6 
 
 GS071H 
 Gsamp Trust 
 2007-HSBC1 
 
 GS071S 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 
 2007-S1 
 
 GS07A1 
 GSR 
 2007-AR1 
 
 GS07A2 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-AR2 
 
 GS07F1 
 GSAMP 
 2007-FM1 
 
 GS07F2 
 GSAMP Trust 
 2007-FM2 
 
 GS07H1 
 GSR Trust 
 2007-HEL1 
 
 GS07O1 
 GSR TRUST 
 2007-OA1 
 
 GS07O2 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-QA2 
 
 GS07T1 
 STARM Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 GS07T4 
 STARM 
 2007-4 
 
 GS11C5 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 
 2011-GC5 
 
 GS12C7 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II 
 2012-GCJ7 
 
 GS1312 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corp Commercial Mtg 
 2013-GCJ12 
 
 GS1314 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 
 2013-GCJ14 
 
 GS1418 
 GS Mortgage Securities 
 2014-GC18 
 
 GS1422 
 GSMS 
 2014-GC22 
 
 HB0601 
 HSBC / HASCO 
 2006-OPT1 
 
 HB0602 
 HSBC / HASCO 
 2006-OPT2 
 
 HB0603 
 HSI ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST 
 2006-OPT3 
 
 HB0604 
 HSI ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST 
 2006-OPT4 
 
 HB06C1 
 HASCO 
 2006-NC1 
 
 HB06H1 
 HASCO 
 2006-HE1 
 
 HB06H2 
 HASCO 
 2006-HE2 
 
 HB06L2 
 HALO 
 2006-2 
 
 HB06W1 
 HSI ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST 
 2006-WMC1 
 
 HB0701 
 HASCO 
 2007-OPT1 
 
 HB07A1 
 HALO 
 2007-1 
 
 HB07A2 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligations 
 2007-2 
 
 HB07C1 
 HSI Asset Securitization 
 2007-NC1 
 
 HB07F1 
 HSIAsset Securitization Corporation Trust 
 2007-WF1 
 
 HB07H1 
 HASCO 
 2007-HE1 
 
 HB07H2 
 HASCO 
 2007-HE2 
 
 HB07L1 
 HALO 
 2007-AR1 
 
 HB07L2 
 HSIAsset Loan Obligation Trusts 
 2007-AR2 
 
 HB07W1 
 HALO 
 2007-WF1 
 
 IM06S1 
 IMPAC Secured Assets 
 2006-1 
 
 IM06S2 
 Impac Secured Assets Corp 
 2006-2 
 
 IM06S3 
 IMPAC SECURED ASSETS 
 2006-3 
 
 IM06S4 
 IMPAC SECURED ASSETS 
 2006-4 
 
 IM06S5 
 IMPAC SECURED ASSETS 
 2006-5 
 
 IM07S1 
 IMPAC SECURED ASSETS 
 2007-1 
 
 IM07S2 
 IMPAC SECURED ASSETS 
 2007-2 
 
 IM07S3 
 IMPAC SECURED ASSETS 
 2007-3 
 
 IN0601 
 IndyMac Bank RAST 
 2006-A1 
 
 IN0602 
 INDYMAC RAST 
 2006-A2 
 
 IN0603 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A3CB 
 
 IN0605 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A5CB 
 
 IN0606 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A6 
 
 IN0607 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A7CB 
 
 IN0608 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A8 
 
 IN0609 
 INDYMAC RAST 
 2006-A9CB 
 
 IN060A 
 IndyMac INDS Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Trust 
 2006-A 
 
 IN0610 
 INDYMAC RAST 
 2006-A10 
 
 IN0612 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A12 
 
 IN0613 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A13 
 
 IN0614 
 INDYMAC RESIDENTIAL ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST 
 2006-A14CB 
 
 IN0615 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A15 
 
 IN0616 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-A16 
 
 IN06A2 
 IndyMac Bank INDX 
 2006-AR2 
 
 IN06A3 
 IndyMac Bank INDX 
 2006-AR3 
 
 IN06A4 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2006-AR4 
 
 IN06A5 
 IndyMac INDX Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR5 
 
 IN06A6 
 IndyMac INDX Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR6 
 
 IN06A7 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2006-AR7 
 
 IN06A8 
 IndyMac INDX Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR8 
 
 IN06A9 
 IndyMac INDX Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR9 
 
 IN06AB 
 IndyMac INDX Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR11 
 
 IN06AC 
 INDYMAC INDX 
 2006-AR12 
 
 IN06AD 
 IndyMac INDX Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR13 
 
 IN06AE 
 INDYMAC INDX 
 2006-AR14 
 
 IN06AF 
 IndyMac INDX Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-AR15 
 
 IN06AJ 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-AR19 
 
 IN06AL 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-AR21 
 
 IN06AN 
 INDYMAC INDX 
 2006-AR23 
 
 IN06AP 
 INDYMAC INDX 
 2006-AR25 
 
 IN06AR 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-AR27 
 
 IN06AT 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-AR29 
 
 IN06AV 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2006-AR31 
 
 IN06AX 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2006-AR33 
 
 IN06AZ 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2006-AR35 
 
 IN06B1 
 IndyMac INDB 
 2006-1 
 
 IN06D1 
 IndyMac INDA 
 2006-1 
 
 IN06D2 
 IndyMac INDA 
 2006-AR2 
 
 IN06D3 
 IndyMac INDA 
 2006-AR3 
 
 IN06F1 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-FLX1 
 
 IN06G1 
 INDYMAC INDS MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2006-1 
 
 IN06G2 
 INDYMAC INDS 
 2006-2B 
 
 IN06G3 
 Home Equity Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Trust INDS 
 2006-3 
 
 IN06H1 
 IndyMac Home Equity Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-H1 
 
 IN06H2 
 IndyMac INABS 
 2006-H2 
 
 IN06H3 
 IndyMac Home Equity Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Trust 
 2006-H3 
 
 IN06L1 
 INDYMAC Loan Trust 
 2006-L1 
 
 IN06L2 
 IndyMac Loan Trust 
 2006-L2 
 
 IN06L3 
 INDYMAC LOT LOAN 
 2006-L3 
 
 IN06L4 
 IndyMac Residential Mortgage Backed Trust 
 2006-L4 
 
 IN06R1 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-R1 
 
 IN06R2 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-R1 
 
 IN06S1 
 IndyMac Bank INABS 
 2006-A 
 
 IN06S2 
 INDYMAC INABS 
 2006-B 
 
 IN06S3 
 IndyMac INABS 
 2006-C 
 
 IN06S4 
 INDYMAC INABS 
 2006-D 
 
 IN06S5 
 Home Equity Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Trust INABS 
 2006-E 
 
 IN06Z1 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-AR37 
 
 IN06Z2 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-AR39 
 
 IN06Z3 
 IndyMac INDX 
 2006-AR41 
 
 IN0701 
 INDYMAC RESIDENTIAL ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST 
 2007-A1 
 
 IN0702 
 INDYMAC RAST 
 2007-A2 
 
 IN0703 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2007-A3 
 
 IN0705 
 INDYMAC RESIDENTIAL ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST 
 2007-A5 
 
 IN0706 
 RESIDENTIAL ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST 
 2007-A6 
 
 IN0707 
 INDYMAC RAST 
 2007-A7 
 
 IN0708 
 INDYMAC RAST 
 2007-A8 
 
 IN0709 
 Residential Asset Securitization Trust 
 2007-A9 
 
 IN07A1 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR1 
 
 IN07A5 
 IndyMac MBS, Inc. 
 2007-AR5 
 
 IN07A7 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR7 
 
 IN07A9 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR9 
 
 IN07AB 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR11 
 
 IN07AD 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR13 
 
 IN07AF 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR15 
 
 IN07AH 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR17 
 
 IN07AJ 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR19 
 
 IN07AL 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR21IP 
 
 IN07C1 
 INDYMAC IMSC Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-AR1 
 
 IN07D1 
 INDYMAC INDA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR1 
 
 IN07D2 
 INDYMAC INDA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR2 
 
 IN07D3 
 INDYMAC INDA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR3 
 
 IN07D4 
 INDYMAC INDA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR4 
 
 IN07D5 
 INDYMAC INDA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR5 
 
 IN07D6 
 IndyMac INDA Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-AR6 
 
 IN07D7 
 IndyMac INDA Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-AR7 
 
 IN07D8 
 INDYMAC INDA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR8 
 
 IN07D9 
 IndyMac INDA Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-AR9 
 
 IN07F1 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-FLX1 
 
 IN07F2 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-FLX2 
 
 IN07F3 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-FLX3 
 
 IN07F4 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-FLX4 
 
 IN07F5 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-FLX5 
 
 IN07F6 
 INDYMAC INDX MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-FLX6 
 
 IN07J1 
 INDYMAC IMJA MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-A1 
 
 IN07J2 
 IndyMac IMJA Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-A2 
 
 IN07J3 
 IndyMac IMJA Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-A3 
 
 IN07J4 
 IndyMac IMJA Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-A4 
 
 IN07L1 
 INDYMAC RMBT 
 2007-L1 
 
 IN07M1 
 INDYMAC IMSC MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-F1 
 
 IN07M2 
 INDYMAC IMSC Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-F2 
 
 IN07M3 
 INDYMAC IMSC MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 
 2007-AR2 
 
 IN07M4 
 IndyMac IMSC Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-F3 
 
 IN07MH 
 INDYMAC IMSC Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-HOA1 
 
 IN07R1 
 Residential Asset Securitization Trust 
 2007-R1 
 
 IN07S1 
 INDYMAC HOME EQUITY TRUST INABS 
 2007-A 
 
 IN07S2 
 INDYMAC INABS 
 2007-B 
 
 IX0601 
 IXIS Real Estate Capital Trust 
 2006-HE1 
 
 IX0602 
 IXIS REAL ESTATE CAPITAL TRUST 
 2006-HE2 
 
 IX0603 
 IXIS REAL ESTATE CAPITAL TRUST 
 2006-HE3 
 
 IX0701 
 IXIS REAL ESTATE CAPITAL TRUST 
 2007-HE1 
 
 IX0702 
 MORGAN STANLEY ABS CAPITAL I INC 
 2007-HE2 
 
 JP07C1 
 J.P. Morgan Mortgage Acquisition Trust 
 2007-CH1 
 
 JP07C2 
 J.P. Morgan Mortgage Acquisition Trust 
 2007-CH2 
 
 JP07C3 
 J.P. Morgan Mortgage Acquisition Trust 
 2007-CH3 
 
 JP07C4 
 J.P. MORGAN MORTGAGE ACQUISITION TRUST 
 2007-CH4 
 
 JP07C5 
 J.P. Morgan Mortgage Acquisition Trust 
 2007-CH5 
 
 JP07H1 
 J.P. Morgan Mortgage Acquisition Trust 
 2007-HE1 
 
 JP1317 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 
 2013-C17 
 
 JP1420 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 
 2014-C20 
 
 LB0601 
 Long Beach 
 2006-1 
 
 LB0602 
 Long Beach Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-2 
 
 LB0603 
 Long Beach Mortgage Trust 
 2006-3 
 
 LB0604 
 Long Beach Mortgage Trust 
 2006-4 
 
 LB0605 
 Long Beach 
 2006-5 
 
 LB0606 
 Long Beach Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-6 
 
 LB0607 
 Long Beach Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-7 
 
 LB0608 
 Long Beach Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-8 
 
 LB0609 
 Long Beach Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-9 
 
 LB060A 
 Long Beach Mortgage Trust 
 2006-A 
 
 LB0610 
 Long Beach Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-10 
 
 LB0611 
 Long Beach Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-11 
 
 LB06W1 
 Long Beach 
 2006-WL1 
 
 LB06W2 
 Long Beach 
 2006-WL2 
 
 LB06W3 
 Long Beach 
 2006-WL3 
 
 ML07M1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust 
 2007-MLN1 
 
 MS06C1 
 Morgan Stanley 
 2006-NC1 
 
 MS06C2 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2006-NC2 
 
 MS06C3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2006-NC3 
 
 MS06C4 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital 
 2006-NC4 
 
 MS06C5 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust Series 
 2006-NC5 
 
 MS06H2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2006-HE2 
 
 MS06H3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc.Trust 
 2006-HE3 
 
 MS06H4 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital 
 2006-HE4 
 
 MS06H5 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital Trust 
 2006-HE5 
 
 MS06H6 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2006-HE6 
 
 MS06H7 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2006-HE7 
 
 MS06H8 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2006-HE8 
 
 MS06I1 
 Morgan Stanley IXIS Real Estate Capital 
 2006-1 
 
 MS06I2 
 Morgan Stanley IXIS Real Estate Capital Trust Series 
 2006-2 
 
 MS06R2 
 IndyMac RAST 
 2006-R2 
 
 MS06W2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital Trust 
 2006-WMC2 
 
 MS06X2 
 Morgan Stanley Home Equity LoanTrust (HEL line) 
 2006-2 
 
 MS06X3 
 Morgan Stanley Home Equity LoanTrust (HEL line) 
 2006-3 
 
 MS07B1 
 Morgan Stanley Structured Trust I 
 2007-1 
 
 MS07C1 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2007-NC1 
 
 MS07C2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. 
 2007-2 
 
 MS07C3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. 
 2007-3 
 
 MS07C4 
 MORGAN STANLEY ABS CAPITAL I INC TRUST 
 2007-NC4 
 
 MS07H1 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2007-HE1 
 
 MS07H2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2007-HE2 
 
 MS07H3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 
 2007-HE3 
 
 MS07H5 
 MORGAN STANLEY ABS CAPITAL I INC 
 2007-HE5 
 
 MS07H6 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. 
 2007-6 
 
 MS07H7 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. 
 2007-HE7 
 
 MS07X1 
 Morgan Stanley Home Equity Loan Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 MS07X2 
 Morgan Stanley Home Equity Loan Trust 
 2007-2 
 
 MS1311 
 MSBAM 
 2013-C11 
 
 MS1415 
 MSBAM 
 2014-C15 
 
 NC0601 
 New Century HELT 
 2006-1 
 
 NC0602 
 New Century HEL Trust 
 2006-2 
 
 NC06A1 
 New Century Alternative Mortgage Trust 
 2006-ALT1 
 
 NC06S1 
 New Century HEL 
 2006-S1 
 
 NS0604 
 Novastar Mortgage Funding Trust 
 2006-4 
 
 NS0605 
 Novastar Mortgage Funding Trust 
 2006-5 
 
 NS0606 
 Novastar Mortgage Funding Trust 
 2006-6 
 
 NS0701 
 Novastar Mortgage Funding Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 NS0702 
 Novastar Mortgage Funding Trust 
 2007-2 
 
 PO0701 
 Popular 
 2007-A 
 
 RB13GS 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc. 2013-GSP Trust 
 2013-GSP 
 
 RF06A1 
 RFC RALI 
 2006-QA1 
 
 RF06A3 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QA3 
 
 RF06A4 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QA4 
 
 RF06A5 
 RFC RALI 
 2006-QA5 
 
 RF06A6 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QA6 
 
 RF06A7 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QA7 
 
 RF06A8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QA8 
 
 RF06A9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QA9 
 
 RF06AA 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QA10 
 
 RF06AB 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QA11 
 
 RF06H1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QH1 
 
 RF06O1 
 RFC RALI 
 2006-QO1 
 
 RF06O3 
 RFC / RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QO3 
 
 RF06O4 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QO4 
 
 RF06O5 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QO5 
 
 RF06O6 
 RFC RALI 
 2006-QO6 
 
 RF06O7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QO7 
 
 RF06O8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QO8 
 
 RF06O9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QO9 
 
 RF06OA 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QO10 
 
 RF06Q1 
 RFC RALI 
 2006-QS1 
 
 RF06Q3 
 RFC / RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QS3 
 
 RF06Q4 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QS4 
 
 RF06Q5 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QS5 
 
 RF06Q6 
 RFC RALI 
 2006-QS6 
 
 RF06Q7 
 RFC RALI 
 2006-QS7 
 
 RF06Q8 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QS8 
 
 RF06Q9 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QS9 
 
 RF06QA 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QS10 
 
 RF06QB 
 RESIDENTIAL ACCREDIT LOANS, INC. 
 2006-QS11 
 
 RF06QC 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QS12 
 
 RF06QD 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QS13 
 
 RF06QE 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QS14 
 
 RF06QF 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QS15 
 
 RF06QG 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QS16 
 
 RF06QH 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QS17 
 
 RF06QI 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2006-QS18 
 
 RF07A1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QA1 
 
 RF07A2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QA2 
 
 RF07A3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QA3 
 
 RF07A4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QA4 
 
 RF07A5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QA5 
 
 RF07H1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH1 
 
 RF07H2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH2 
 
 RF07H3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH3 
 
 RF07H4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH4 
 
 RF07H5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH5 
 
 RF07H6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH6 
 
 RF07H7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH7 
 
 RF07H8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH8 
 
 RF07H9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QH9 
 
 RF07O1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QO1 
 
 RF07O2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QO2 
 
 RF07O3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QO3 
 
 RF07O4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QO4 
 
 RF07O5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QO5 
 
 RF07Q1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS1 
 
 RF07Q2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS2 
 
 RF07Q3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS3 
 
 RF07Q4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS4 
 
 RF07Q5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS5 
 
 RF07Q6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS6 
 
 RF07Q7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS7 
 
 RF07Q8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS8 
 
 RF07Q9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS9 
 
 RF07QA 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS10 
 
 RF07QB 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. 
 2007-QS11 
 
 RF07S4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I - 
 2007-S4 
 
 RF07S5 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, 
 2007-S5 
 
 RF08R1 
 RFC RALI 
 2008-QR1 
 
 SX0601 
 Saxon 
 2006-1 
 
 SX0602 
 Saxon 
 2006-2 
 
 SX0603 
 Saxon Asset Trust 
 2006-3 
 
 SX0701 
 SAXON ASSET SECURITIES COMPANY 
 2007-1 
 
 SX0702 
 SAXON ASSET SECURITIES COMPANY 
 2007-2 
 
 SX0703 
 SAXON ASSET SECURITIES CO. 
 2007-3 
 
 UB11C1 
 UBS-Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2011-C1 
 
 UB12C1 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2012-C1 
 
 UB12C3 
 UBS-Barclays Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2012-C3 
 
 UB13C5 
 UBS-Barclays Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2013-C5 
 
 WA06A1 
 Washington Mutual 
 2006-AR1 
 
 WA06A3 
 Washington Mutual 
 2006-AR3 
 
 WA06A4 
 WASHINGTON MUTUAL 
 2006-AR4 
 
 WA06A5 
 Washington Mutual Acceptance Corp. 
 2006-AR5 
 
 WA07H1 
 Wamu 
 2007-HE1 
 
 WF11C5 
 WF RBS Commercial Trust 
 2011-C5 
 
 WF12C6 
 WFRBS CMT 
 2012-C6 
 
 WF12C7 
 WFRBS CMT 
 2012-C7 
 
 WF12C8 
 WFRBS CMT 
 2012-C8 
 
 WF1318 
 WFRBS Commercial Mtg Loan Trust 
 2013-C18 
 
 WF13U1 
 WFRBS Commercial Mtg Loan Trust 
 2013-UBS1 
 
 WF1414 
 WFRBS 
 2014-LC14 
 
 WF1419 
 WFRBS 
 2014-C19 

II - Asset-backed transactions and securities constituting the platform - ABS deals 

Deal ID 
 Deal Name 
 Series 
 
 GM1802 
 Ally Auto Receivables Trust 
 2018-2 
 
 GM1803 
 Ally Auto Receivables Trust 
 2018-3 
 
 GM1903 
 Ally Auto Receivables Trust 
 2019-3 
 
 GM1904 
 Ally Auto Receivables Trust 
 2019-4 
 
 GM1901 
 Ally Auto Receivables Trust 
 2019-1 
 
 GM1902 
 Ally Auto Receivables Trust 
 2019-2 
 
 BW171T 
 Bank of the West 
 2017-1 
 
 BW181T 
 Bank of the West 
 2018-1 
 
 BW191T 
 Bank of the West 
 2019-1 
 
 CPERB9 
 Centerpoint Energy Restoration Bond Company LLC 

CTBCIV 
 Centerpoint Energy Transition Bond Company IV, LLC 

CFS07A 
 Chase Education Loan Trust 
 2007-A 
 
 MCITICCIT2000 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 

CCC7A3 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2007-A3 
 
 CCC7A4 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2007-A4 
 
 CCIT13A9 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2013-A9 
 
 CCIT17A5 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2017-A5 
 
 CCIT17A6 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2017-A6 
 
 CCIT17A7 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2017-A7 
 
 CCIT18A2 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2018-A2 
 
 CCIT18A3 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2018-A3 
 
 CCIT18A4 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2018-A4 
 
 CCIT18A5 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2018-A5 
 
 CCIT18A6 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2018-A6 
 
 CCIT18A7 
 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2018-A7 
 
 CLC071 
 College Loan Corp Trust I 
 2007-1 
 
 CLC072 
 College Loan Corp Trust II 
 2007-2 
 
 CLC061 
 College Loan Corporation Trust I 
 2006-1 
 
 GMI110191 
 Juniper Receivables DAC 
 2019-1 
 
 GMI110192 
 Juniper Receivables DAC 
 2019-2 
 
 GMI110201 
 Juniper Receivables DAC 
 2020-1 
 
 GMI110 
 Juniper Receivables DAC 

KSL06A 
 KeyCorp Student Loan Trust 
 2006-A 
 
 MAEN16A 
 Navient Private Education Loan Trust 
 2016-A 
 
 MAEN18B 
 Navient Private Education Loan Trust 
 2018-B 
 
 MAEN18D 
 Navient Private Education Loan Trust 
 2018-D 
 
 MAEN19E 
 Navient Private Education LoanTrust 
 2019-E 
 
 MAEN19D 
 Navient Private Education LoanTrust 
 2019-D 
 
 MAEN19F 
 Navient Private Education REFI LoanTrust 
 2019-F 
 
 MAEN19PTA 
 Navient Private Education REFI LoanTrust 
 2019-PT-A 
 
 MAEN19C 
 Navient Private Education REFI LoanTrust 
 2019-C 
 
 MAEN141 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-1 
 
 MAEN142 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-2 
 
 MAEN143 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-3 
 
 MAEN144 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-4 
 
 MAEN145 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-5 
 
 MAEN146 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-6 
 
 MAEN147 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-7 
 
 MAEN148 
 Navient Student Loan Trust 
 2014-8 
 
 SLC061 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2006-1 
 
 SLC062 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2006-2 
 
 SLC071 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 SLC072 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2007-2 
 
 SLC081 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2008-1 
 
 SLC082 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2008-2 
 
 SLC091 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2009-1 
 
 SLC092 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2009-2 
 
 SLC093 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2009-3 
 
 SLC101 
 SLC Student Loan Trust 
 2010-1 
 
 MAE610 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-10 
 
 MAE062 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-2 
 
 MAE064 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-4 
 
 MAE065 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-5 
 
 MAE066 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-6 
 
 MAE067 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-7 
 
 MAE068 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-8 
 
 MAE069 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2006-9 
 
 MAE071 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-1 
 
 MAE072 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-2 
 
 MAE073 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-3 
 
 MAE074 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-4 
 
 MAE075 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-5 
 
 MAE076 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-6 
 
 MAE077 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-7 
 
 MAE078 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2007-8 
 
 MAE081 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-1 
 
 MAE082 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-2 
 
 MAE083 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-3 
 
 MAE084 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-4 
 
 MAE085 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-5 
 
 MAE086 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-6 
 
 MAE087 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-7 
 
 MAE088 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-8 
 
 MAE089 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2008-9 
 
 MAE901 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2009-1 
 
 MAE902 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2009-2 
 
 MAE101 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2010-1 
 
 MAE102 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2010-2 
 
 MAE111 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2011-1 
 
 MAE112 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2011-2 
 
 MAE113 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2011-3 
 
 MAE121 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-1 
 
 MAE122 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-2 
 
 MAE123 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-3 
 
 MAE124 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-4 
 
 MAE125 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-5 
 
 MAE126 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-6 
 
 MAE127 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-7 
 
 MAE128 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2012-8 
 
 MAE131 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2013-1 
 
 MAE132 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2013-2 
 
 MAE133 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2013-3 
 
 MAE134 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2013-4 
 
 MAE135 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2013-5 
 
 MAE136 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2013-6 
 
 MAE041 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2014-1 
 
 MAE142 
 SLM Student Loan Trust 
 2014-2 
 
 MAEB14A 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2014-A 
 
 MAEB15A 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2015-A 
 
 MAEB15B 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2015-B 
 
 MAEB15C 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2015-C 
 
 MAEB16A 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2016-A 
 
 MAEB16B 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2016-B 
 
 MAEB16C 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2016-C 
 
 MAEB17A 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2017-A 
 
 MAEB17B 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2017-B 
 
 MAEB18A 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2018-A 
 
 MAEB18B 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2018-B 
 
 MAEB18C 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2018-C 
 
 MAEB19A 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2019-A 
 
 MAEB19B 
 SMB Private Education Loan Trust 
 2019-B 
 
 SYNMNT172 
 Synchrony Credit Card Issuance Trust 
 2017-2 
 
 GEMN143 
 Synchrony Credit Card Master Note Trust 
 2014-VFN3 
 
 GEMN144 
 Synchrony Credit Card Master Note Trust 
 2014-VFN4 
 
 GEMN145 
 Synchrony Credit Card Master Note Trust 
 2014-VFN5 
 
 SYNMN182 
 Synchrony Credit Card Master Note Trust 
 2018-2 
 
 SYNMN20VF1 
 Synchrony Credit Card Master Note Trust 
 2020-VFN1 
 
 SYNMN21VF1 
 Synchrony Credit Card Master Note Trust 
 2021-VFN1 
 
 GES12A 
 Synchrony Sales Finance Master Trust 
 2012-A 
 
 GES12D 
 Synchrony Sales Finance Master Trust 
 2012-D 
 
 GESFM14C 
 Synchrony Sales Finance Master Trust 
 2014-C 
 
 SYNSFT15B 
 Synchrony Sales Finance Master Trust 
 2015-B 
 
 SYNSFT20A 
 Synchrony Sales Finance Master Trust 
 2020-A 
 
 VART211 
 Veros Auto Receivables Trust 
 2021-1 
 
 VALET182 
 Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 
 2018-2 
 
 VALET201 
 Volkswagen Auto Loan Enhanced Trust 
 2020-1 
 
 GEF201 
 Wells Fargo Dealer Floorplan Master Note Trust 
 2020-VFN-1 

III - Mortgaged-backed transactions constituting the Platform - Document custody only deals 

Deal ID 
 Deal Name 
 Series 
 
 AH066C 
 Citi/ Wells Fargo American Home Mortgage Assets 
 2006-4 
 
 BC061C 
 Wells Fargo/ SABR 
 2006-NC2 
 
 BC062C 
 Wells Fargo/ SABR 
 2006-NC3 
 
 BC081C 
 BCAP 
 2008-IND1 
 
 BC083C 
 BCAP 
 2008-IND2 
 
 CA061C 
 Carrington 
 2006-NC1 
 
 CA062C 
 Wells Fargo/ Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-NC2 
 
 CA063C 
 Wells Fargo/ Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-NC3 
 
 CA064C 
 Wells Fargo/ Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-NC4 
 
 CI225C 
 BOCA Commercial Mortgage Trust 
 2022-BOCA 
 
 DB061C 
 ACE 
 2006-NC1 
 
 DB061Z 
 DBALT 2006-AR6 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-AR6 
 
 DB062C 
 ACE 2006 ASAP1 HSBC/WELLS FARGO/DB 
 2006ASAP1 
 
 DB062Z 
 DBALT 2006-OA1 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-OA1 
 
 DB063C 
 ACE 
 2006-SL1 
 
 DB064C 
 DBALT 2006-AB1/WELLS FARGO/DB 
 2006-AB1 
 
 DB065C 
 DBALT 2006-AR1 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/Deutsche Bank 
 2006-AR1 
 
 DB066C 
 DB ACE 
 2006-HE1 
 
 DB067C 
 Ace 2006-SD1 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche 
 2006-SD1 
 
 DB068C 
 DB Ace Securities Series 
 2006-ASAP2 
 
 DB069C 
 DBALT Series 
 2006-AF1 
 
 DB06AC 
 DB Ace Series 
 2006-SL2 
 
 DB06CC 
 Ace 2006-HE2 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-HE2 
 
 DB06DC 
 Ace 2006-ASL1 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-ASL1 
 
 DB06EC 
 DBALT 2006-AB2 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-AB2 
 
 DB06FC 
 Ace 2006-ASAP3 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-ASAP3 
 
 DB06HC 
 Ace 2006-HE3 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-HE3 
 
 DB06JC 
 Ace 2006-SD2 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-SD2 
 
 DB06LC 
 DBALT 2006-AB3 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-AB3 
 
 DB06MC 
 DB ALT 2006-AR2 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-AR2 
 
 DB06PC 
 ACE 2006-SL4 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-SL4 
 
 DB06QC 
 ACE 2006-NC2 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-NC2 
 
 DB06SC 
 DBALT 2006-AB4 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-AB4 
 
 DB06TC 
 Ace 2006-ASAP5 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-ASAP5 
 
 DB06UC 
 DBALT 2006-AR4 HSBC/ Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-AR4 
 
 DB06WC 
 DBALT 2006-AR5 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-AR5 
 
 DB06XC 
 Ace 2006-NC3 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-NC3 
 
 DB06YC 
 Ace 2006-ASAP6 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-ASAP6 
 
 DB06ZC 
 Ace 2006-SD3 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2006-SD3 
 
 DB071C 
 DBALT 2007-AR1Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-AR1 
 
 DB073C 
 Ace 2007-ASL1Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-ASL1 
 
 DB074C 
 DBALT 2007-AR2 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-AR2 
 
 DB075C 
 DBALT 2007-BAR1 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-BAR1 
 
 DB077C 
 ACE 2007-SL1 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-SL1 
 
 DB078C 
 ACE 2007-HE2 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-HE2 
 
 DB07AC 
 ACE 2007-ASAP1 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-ASAP1 
 
 DB07CC 
 DBALT 2007-OA2 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-OA2 
 
 DB07DC 
 DBALT 2007-AB1 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-AB1 
 
 DB07EC 
 Ace 2007-HE4 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-HE4 
 
 DB07FC 
 DBALT 2007-AR3 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-AR3 
 
 DB07GC 
 ACE 2007-ASAP2 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Bank custody 
 2007-ASAP2 
 
 DB07HC 
 Wells Fargo/ Deutsche Alt-A Securities 
 2007-OA3 
 
 DB07JC 
 Ace 2007-HE5/ Wel 
 2007-HE5 
 
 DB07LC 
 DBALT 2007-OA4/ Wel 
 2007-OA4 
 
 DB07MC 
 DBALT 2007-1/ Wells 
 2007-1 
 
 DB07NC 
 DBALT 2007-OA5/ Wel 
 2007-OA5 
 
 DB07PC 
 Ace 2007-SL2/ Wel 
 2007-SL2 
 
 DB07QC 
 DBALT 2007-2/ Wells 
 2007-2 
 
 DB07TC 
 DBALT 2007-3/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-3 
 
 FB061C 
 ABSC 
 2006-AG1 
 
 FB071C 
 CSMC 2007-5/Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-5 
 
 FB072C 
 CSMC 2007-NC1 custody 
 2007-NC1 
 
 FB073C 
 CSMC 2007-6 custody 
 2007-6 
 
 FB075C 
 CSMC 2007-7 custody 
 2007-7 
 
 GC069C 
 HarborView Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2006-10 
 
 GC07AC 
 HarborView Mortgage Loan Trust 
 2007-3 
 
 GS061C 
 US Bank/Wells Fargo GSR 2006-1F Custody 
 2006-1F 
 
 GS062C 
 WELLS FARGO/GSR 2006-AR1 CUSTODY 
 2006-AR1 
 
 GS063C 
 JP Morgan/ US Bank GSAA 2006-1 Custody 
 2006-1 
 
 GS066C 
 GSAA 
 2006-3 
 
 GS067C 
 GSR 
 2006-2F 
 
 GS068C 
 Wells Fargo/US BankGSR 
 2006-3F 
 
 GS069C 
 JP Morgan/ US Bank GSAA 
 2006-5 
 
 GS06AC 
 JP Morgan/ US Bank GSAA 2006-6 custody 
 2006-6 
 
 GS06BC 
 Wells Fargo/ US Bank GSR 2006-AR2 custody 
 2006-AR2 
 
 GS06CC 
 JP Morgan/ US Bank GSR 2006-4F custody 
 2006-4F 
 
 GS06DC 
 Wells Fargo/ US Bank GSAMP 2006-HE3 custody 
 2006-HE3 
 
 GS06EC 
 JP Morgan/ US Bank GSAA 2006-9 custody 
 2006-9 
 
 GS06FC 
 Wells Fargo/ US Bank GSR 2006-5F custody 
 2006-5F 
 
 GS06GC 
 Wells Fargo/ GSAMP 2006-HE4 custody 
 2006-HE4 
 
 GS06HC 
 Wells Fargo/ GSR 2006-6F custody 
 2006-6F 
 
 GS06JC 
 Wells Fargo/ GSR 2006-7F custody 
 2006-7F 
 
 GS06KC 
 Wells Fargo/ GSAA 2006-12 custody 
 2006-12 
 
 GS06LC 
 Wells Fargo/ GSAMP 2006-HE5 custody 
 2006-HE5 
 
 GS06MC 
 Wells Fargo/ GSR 2006-8F custody 
 2006-8F 
 
 GS06OC 
 Wells Fargo/ GSAA 2006-14 custody 
 2006-14 
 
 GS06PC 
 Goldman Sachs/ US Bank/NCAMLT 
 2006-ALT2 
 
 GS06QC 
 GSAMP 2006-HE7 Goldman Sachs/ LaSalle/ Wells Fargo 
 2006-HE7 
 
 GS06RC 
 GSR 2006-9F Goldman Sachs/ US Bank/ Wells Fargo 
 2006-9F 
 
 GS06SC 
 GSAA 2006-19 Goldman Sachs/ US Bank/ Wells Fargo 
 2006-19 
 
 GS06TC 
 GSR 2006-10F Goldman Sachs/ US Bank/ Wells Fargo 
 2006-10F 
 
 GS06UC 
 GSAA 2006-20 Goldman Sachs/ US Bank/ Wells Fargo 
 2006-20 
 
 GS06VC 
 GSAMP 2006-HE8 Goldman Sachs/ LaSalle/ Wells Fargo 
 2006-HE8 
 
 GS072C 
 GSAA 2007-1 Goldman Sachs/ US Bank/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-1 
 
 GS073C 
 GSAMP 2007-H1 Goldman Sachs/ LaSalle/Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-H1 
 
 GS074C 
 GSR 2007-1F Goldman Sachs/ Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-1F 
 
 GS075C 
 GSAMP 2007-NC1 Goldman Sachs/ Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-NC1 
 
 GS076C 
 GSAA 2007-3 Goldman Sachs/ Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-3 
 
 GS077C 
 GSAMP 2007-HE1 Goldman Sachs/ Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-HE1 
 
 GS078C 
 GSR 2007-2F Goldman Sachs/ Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-2F 
 
 GS07AC 
 GSAMP 2007-HE2 Goldman Sachs/ Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-HE2 
 
 GS07BC 
 GSR 2007-3F Goldman Sachs/ Wells Fargo custody 
 2007-3F 
 
 GS07DC 
 GSAA 2007-7/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-7 
 
 GS07EC 
 GSR 2007-4F/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-4F 
 
 GS07FC 
 GSAA 2007-8/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-8 
 
 GS07GC 
 GSAA 2007-9/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-9 
 
 GS07HC 
 GSAA 2007-10/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-10 
 
 GS07KC 
 GSR 2007-5F/ Wells Fargo 
 2007-5F 
 
 LH061Z 
 SASCO 2006-BC2 custody only 
 2006-BC2 
 
 LH062Z 
 LXS 2006-13 custody only 
 2006-13 
 
 LH063C 
 Lehman SAIL 
 2006-1 
 
 LH063Z 
 SAIL 2006-BNC3 custody only 
 2006-BNC3 
 
 LH064C 
 Lehman LXS 
 2006-2N 
 
 LH064Z 
 LXS 2006-14N DB custody only 
 2006-14N 
 
 LH065C 
 Lehman SARM 
 2006-1 
 
 LH065Z 
 Lehman mortgage trust 2006-5 custody only 
 2006-5 
 
 LH066Z 
 Greenpoint 2006-HE1 DB custody only 
 2006-HE1 
 
 LH067C 
 Lehman SASCO 
 2006-BNC1 
 
 LH067Z 
 LXS 2006-15 DB custody only 
 2006-15 
 
 LH068C 
 Lehman SARM 
 2006-2 
 
 LH068Z 
 LXS 2006-16H DB custody only 
 2006-16H 
 
 LH069C 
 Lehman SAIL 
 2006-2 
 
 LH069Z 
 SARM 2006-9 DB custody only 
 2006-9 
 
 LH06AC 
 Lehman SARM 
 2006-3 
 
 LH06AZ 
 BNC 2006-1 DB custody only 
 2006-1 
 
 LH06BC 
 Lehman LXS 
 2006-5 
 
 LH06BZ 
 LMT 2006-6 DB custody only 
 2006-6 
 
 LH06CZ 
 SASCO 2006-BC3 DB custody only 
 2006-BC3 
 
 LH06DC 
 SAIL 
 2006-BNC2 
 
 LH06DZ 
 LMT 2006-7 DB custody only 
 2006-7 
 
 LH06EC 
 SASCO 
 2006-BC1 
 
 LH06FC 
 SASCO 
 2006-AM1 
 
 LH06FZ 
 LXS 2006-17 DB custody only 
 2006-17 
 
 LH06GC 
 SARM 
 2006-4 
 
 LH06GZ 
 BNC 2006-10 DB custody only 
 2006-10 
 
 LH06HC 
 LXS 
 2006-7 
 
 LH06IZ 
 SASCO 2006-BC4 DB custody only 
 2006-BC4 
 
 LH06JZ 
 LXS 2006-19 custody only 
 2006-19 
 
 LH06KC 
 SAIL 2006-3 custody only 
 2006-3 
 
 LH06KZ 
 LXS 
 2006-18N 
 
 LH06LC 
 LXS 2006-8 custody only 
 2006-8 
 
 LH06MC 
 SARM 2006-5 custody only 
 2006-5 
 
 LH06MZ 
 SASCO 2006-BC5 custody only 
 2006-BC5 
 
 LH06NC 
 SASCO 2006-NC1 custody only 
 2006-NC1 
 
 LH06NZ 
 LMT 2006-8 custody only 
 2006-8 
 
 LH06PC 
 SAIL 2006-4 custody only 
 2006-4 
 
 LH06QC 
 SASCO 2006-ARS1 custody only 
 2006-ARS1 
 
 LH06QZ 
 SASCO 2006-BC6 custody only 
 2006-BC6 
 
 LH06RC 
 LXS 2006-10N custody only 
 2006-10 
 
 LH06RZ 
 LMT 2006-9 custody only 
 2006-9 
 
 LH06SC 
 LXS 2006-9 custody only 
 2006-9 
 
 LH06SZ 
 SARM 2006-12 custody only 
 2006-12 
 
 LH06UC 
 SARM 2006-7 custody only 
 2006-7 
 
 LH06UZ 
 LXS 2006-20 custody only 
 2006-20 
 
 LH06WC 
 LMT 2006-4 custody only 
 2006-4 
 
 LH06XC 
 LXS 2006-11 custody only 
 2006-11N 
 
 LH06YC 
 LXS 2006-12N custody only 
 2006-12N 
 
 LH06ZC 
 SARM 2006-8 custody only 
 2006-8 
 
 LH071C 
 SASCO 2007-BC1 custody only 
 2007-BC1 
 
 LH071Z 
 LXS 2007-18N custody only 
 2007-18N 
 
 LH072Z 
 SARM 2007-10 custody only 
 2007-10 
 
 LH073C 
 LMT 2007-1 custody only 
 2007-1 
 
 LH074C 
 LXS 2007-2N custody only 
 2007-2N 
 
 LH074Z 
 SASCO 2007-BNC1 custody only 
 2007-BNC1 
 
 LH075C 
 LXS 2007-1 custody only 
 2007-1 
 
 LH075Z 
 LMT 2007-10 custody only 
 2007-10 
 
 LH076C 
 LMT 2007-2 custody only 
 2007-2 
 
 LH076Z 
 LXS 2007-20N custody only 
 2007-20N 
 
 LH077C 
 BNC 2007-1 custody only 
 2007-1 
 
 LH077Z 
 SARM 2007-11 custody only 
 2007-11 
 
 LH078C 
 LXS 2007-3 custody only 
 2007-3 
 
 LH079C 
 LXS 2007-4 custody only 
 2007-4 
 
 LH079Z 
 SASCO 2007-BC4 custody only 
 2007-BC4 
 
 LH07AZ 
 BNC 2007-4 custody only 
 2007-4 
 
 LH07BC 
 SARM 2007-3 custody only 
 2007-3 
 
 LH07CC 
 LMT 
 2007-4 
 
 LH07FC 
 BNC 2007-2 custody only 
 2007-2 
 
 LH07GC 
 LXS 2007-6 custody only 
 2007-6 
 
 LH07JC 
 LMT 2007-5 custody only 
 2007-5 
 
 LH07KC 
 SASCO 2007-BC3 custody only 
 2007-BC3 
 
 LH07LC 
 LXS 2007-9 custody only 
 2007-9 
 
 LH07MC 
 LXS 2007-8h custody only 
 2007-8h 
 
 LH07NC 
 SASCO 2007-OS1 custody only 
 2007-OS1 
 
 LH07RC 
 LXS 2007-12N custody only 
 2007-12N 
 
 LH07SC 
 LXS 2007-11 custody only 
 2007-11 
 
 LH07TC 
 BNC 2007-3 custody only 
 2007-3 
 
 LH07WC 
 LMT 2007-7 custody only 
 2007-7 
 
 LH07XC 
 LXS 2007-15N custody only 
 2007-15N 
 
 LH07ZC 
 SARM 2007-8 custody only 
 2007-8 
 
 MG071C 
 MHL 2007-1/Wells custody only 
 2007-1 
 
 MG072C 
 MHL 2007-2/Wells custody only 
 2007-2 
 
 ML061C 
 MLMI 
 2006-AR1 
 
 ML072C 
 MANA 2007-A3/Wells Fargo custody only 
 2007-A3 
 
 ML073C 
 MANA 2007-AF1/Wells Fargo custody only 
 2007-AF1 
 
 MS064C 
 MSM custody only 
 2006-11 
 
 SG071C 
 SG Mortgage Securities Trust 
 2007-NC1 
 
 SU071C 
 STICS 2007-1/Wells Fargo custody only 
 2007-1 
 
 UB061C 
 UBS MASTR 
 2006-AM1 
 
 UB062C 
 UBS MASTR 
 2006-NC1 
 
 UB063C 
 Wells Fargo/ UBS MASTR 
 2006HE-2 
 
 UB064C 
 MABS 2006-AM2 custody only 
 2006-AM2 
 
 UB065C 
 Wells Fargo/ UBS MASTR 
 2006-NC2 
 
 UB066C 
 Wells Fargo/ US Bank UBS MASTR 2006-AM3 custody only 
 2006-AM3 
 
 UB067C 
 Wells Fargo/ UBS MASTR 
 2006-NC3 
 
 UB068C 
 Wells Fargo/ UBS MASTR 
 2006-HE5 
 
 WA071C 
 WaMu 2007-HE2/ Citi custody 
 2007-HE2 
 
 WA072C 
 WaMu 2007-HE3/ Citi custody 
 2007-HE3 
 
 WA073C 
 WaMu 2007-HE4/ Citi custody 
 2007-HE4 

</EX-33.4>

<EX-33.5>
 6
 ex335.htm

February 4, 2023 

RE: Management's Report on Assessment of 2022 Compliance by 
Park Bridge Lender Services LLC with Regulation AB Servicing Criteria 

 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC (the Asserting Party or PBLS is responsible for assessing its compliance, as of and for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022 (the Reporting Period ),
with the servicing criteria set forth in Title 17, Section 229.1122(d) of the Code of Federal Regulations. 

 The transactions covered by this assertion are those transactions processed
by the Asserting Party in its capacity as trust advisor or operating advisor for the asset-backed securities transactions listed in Exhibit
A attached hereto (the Platform ). 

 The Asserting Party is responsible for assessing its compliance with
the servicing criteria applicable to it. The Asserting Party used the criteria in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB (17 C.F.R.
229.1122) to assess its compliance. The full outline of the Asserting Party's contractually applicable servicing criteria under various
securitization pooling and servicing agreements can be found in Exhibit B attached hereto. The servicing criteria listed in the
column title Inapplicable Servicing Criteria on Exhibit B hereto are not applicable to the Asserting Party based on
the activities it performs with respect to the Platform. 

 Based on its assessment, the Asserting Party believes that, as of and for the
periods the contractual obligations existed for the Platform in the Reporting Period, the Asserting Party has complied in all material
respects with the servicing criteria listed in the column title Applicable Servicing Criteria on Exhibit B hereto (the
 Applicable Servicing Criteria ). 

 FORVIS, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued
an attestation report on the assessment of compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Reporting Period as set forth in
this assertion. 

 Signed: 

/s/ Robert J. Spinna Jr. 

Robert J. Spinna Jr. 
Principal 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 3650 2021-PF1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 3650R 2022-PF2 
 November 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AOA 2021-1177 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AREIT 2019-CRE3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AREIT 2021-CRE5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AVMT 2018-AVM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BACM 2016-UBS10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BACM 2017-BNK3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BAMLL 2021-JACX 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2017-CRE2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2018-CRE3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2018-CRE4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2019-CRE5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK23 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK28 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK30 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK31 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK32 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK35 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK37 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK39 
 February 10, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK42 
 June 09, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK44 
 November 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2017-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2018-C2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2019-BWAY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2019-C4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2020-C7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2021-C11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 1 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 BBCMS 2021-C9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2022-C14 
 February 23, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2022-C16 
 June 28, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2022-C18 
 December 14, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BCP 2021-330N 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BDS 2020-FL6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BDS 2021-FL8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BDS 2022-FL12 
 September 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2019-DPLO 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2020-EYP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2020-OBRK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2021-FPM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BHPT 2019-BXHP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BLOX 2021-BLOX 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2019-B13 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2019-B15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2019-B9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-B16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-B18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-B21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-IG1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B23 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B29 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B30 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B33 
 March 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B34 
 April 14, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B35 
 May 12, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B36 
 August 23, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMO 2022-C1 
 February 28, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMO 2022-C3 
 October 07, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPCRE 2021-FL1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 October 17, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-KEN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-NRD 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-TY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-WILL 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2022-OANA 
 April 19, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2022-SSP 
 June 05, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 2 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 BPR 2022-STAR 
 August 18, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BSREP 2021-DC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BWAY 2021-1450 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2018-BILT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2018-GW 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2019-OC11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2019-XL 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2020-BXLP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 January 28, 2022 
 
 BX 2020-VKNG 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-21M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-ACNT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-IRON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-LGCY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-PAC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-SDMF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-VINO 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-VOLT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-XL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-FOX2 
 December 12, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-GPA 
 September 29, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-IND 
 April 20, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-LP2 
 February 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-PSB 
 August 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-WSS 
 March 24, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CAMB 2021-CX2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Carbon 2019-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CCUBS 2017-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2016-CD1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2016-CD2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2018-CD7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2019-CD8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-BOSS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-CF1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-CF2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-CF3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2020-P1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 3 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 CFCRE 2018-TAN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC25 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2015-GC27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2015-GC35 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2015-P1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-GC37 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2017-C4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2017-P7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2018-B2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2018-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2019-GC41 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2019-GC43 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2019-SMRT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2020-GC46 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2022-GC48 
 June 21, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CHC 2019-CHC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-LC4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-LC13 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-LC6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE17 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-LC15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-LC17 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 4 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE22 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-DC1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-LC19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-LC21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-LC23 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-PC1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-667M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-COR1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-DC2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2017-COR2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2018-COR3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2018-HOME 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2019-GC44 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2020-CX 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2021-2400 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2021-LBA 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 January 07, 2022 
 
 COMM 2022-HC 
 January 26, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2015-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2015-C2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2016-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2016-C7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2017-C8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2017-CX10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2018-CX11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2019-C15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2019-C17 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2020-C19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2021-C20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2016-NXSR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-CALI 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-CHOP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-MOON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 July 15, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-PFHP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2018-SITE 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2019-ICE4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2019-UVIL 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 5 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 CSMC 2020-FACT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2020-TMIC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2021-980M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2021-B33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2021-BHAR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2022-NWPT 
 September 21, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DAFC 2017-AMO 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBGS 2018-5BP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBGS 2018-BIOD 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBGS 2018-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBJPM 2016-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBJPM 2020-C9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBUBS 2017-BRBK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBWF 2018-AMXP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 April 07, 2022 
 
 DBWF 2018-GLKS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DOLP 2021-NYC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ELP 2021-ELP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 EQUS 2021-EQAZ 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ESA 2021-ESH 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FMBT 2019-FBLU 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FREMF SCR 2016-MDN1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FREMF SCR 2016-MDN2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FREMF SCR 2017-MDN3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GACM 2020-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 16, 2022 
 
 GCT 2021-GCT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GPMT 2018-FL1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 April 22, 2022 
 
 GPMT 2021-FL3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GRACE 2020-GRCE 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2014-GC18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2015-GC32 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2016-GS4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2017-GS7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2017-STAY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 09, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2018-3PCK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2018-GS10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2019-GC39 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2019-GC42 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2019-GSA1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2020-GC47 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2020-TWN3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 August 09, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2021-DM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2021-IP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 6 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 GSMS 2022-AGSS 
 November 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GWT 2019-WOLF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 HIT 2022-HI32 
 July 06, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 HONO 2021-LULU 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ILPT 2019-SURF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ILPT 2022-LPF2 
 September 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ILPT 2022-LPFX 
 March 17, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2013-C10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-AON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-ASH8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-BCON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-MINN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-PHH 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-PTC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-WPT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2019-ICON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2019-OSB 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2020-609M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2020-LOOP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2021-1MEM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2021-2NU 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2021-410T 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2022-NLP 
 May 16, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMDB 2017-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 KIND 2021-KDIP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 KNDR 2021-KIND 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LAQ 2022-LAQ 
 March 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LCCM 2017-LC26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LIFE 2021-BMR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LIFE 2022-BMR2 
 May 24, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LUXE 2021-MLBH 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Manhattan West 2020-1MW 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MARG 2019-MARG 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHC 2021-MHC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHC 2021-MHC2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHP 2021-STOR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHP 2022-MHIL 
 January 25, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MRCD 2019-PARK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2012-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C13 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 7 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C22 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C28 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C29 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C30 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C31 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C32 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C34 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2015-MS1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2015-UBS8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2016-BNK2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2016-UBS12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2017-ASHF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2017-CLS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2017-HR2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2018-H3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2018-H4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2018-SUN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2019-H6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2019-L3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2019-PLND 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2020-HR8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2021-ILP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2021-L6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2022-L8 
 April 07, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSCI 2016-UBS11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSCI 2016-UBS9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSSG 2017-237P 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MTK 2021-GRNY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MTN 2022-LPFL 
 March 24, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMF 2022-MFP 
 March 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMS 2019-AMZ7B 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMS 2019-TRUE 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMS 2020-AGC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 October 18, 2022 
 
 NYO 2021-1290 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 OBPT 2019-OBP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 OMPT 2017-1MKT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ONE 2021-PARK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ONYP 2020-1NYP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 OPG 2021-PORT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 PFP 2019-5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 June 17, 2022 
 
 PFP 2019-6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 PFP 2021-7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 8 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 PRK 2017-280P 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2019-FL3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2020-FL4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2021-FL5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2021-FL6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2021-FL7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2022-FL10 
 October 19, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2022-FL8 
 March 08, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2022-FL9 
 June 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RIAL 2022-FL1 
 May 20, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RLGH 2021-TROT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SBALR 2020-RR1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SFO 2021-555 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SGCMS 2016-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SGCP 2019-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 June 15, 2022 
 
 SGCP 2021-FL3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SGCP 2022-FL4 
 June 27, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SLIDE 2018-FUN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SMR 2022-IND 
 February 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SMRT 2022-MINI 
 February 08, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SPGN 2022-TFLM 
 February 25, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SREIT 2021-FLWR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SREIT 2021-MFP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SREIT 2021-MFP2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 STWD 2021-HTS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 TCO 2022-DPM 
 May 16, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 TPGI 2021-DGWD 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 TRTX 2018-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 11, 2022 
 
 UBS 2017-C2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2017-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2017-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2019-C16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2019-C18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBSBB 2012-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBSBB 2013-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 VASA 2021-VASA 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 VLS 2020-LAB 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WBHT 2019-WBM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2013-LC12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2014-LC18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2015-LC22 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 9 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 WFCM 2016-BNK1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2016-C33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2016-C36 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2016-NXS5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2017-C38 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2017-C42 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2018-C43 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2018-C45 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2018-C47 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2019-C50 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2019-C53 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2019-C54 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2020-C55 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2022-C62 
 April 18, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2022-JS2 
 January 27, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2022-ONL 
 March 09, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFRBS 2013-UBS1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WPT 2017-WWP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 XAN 2020-RSO8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 March 17, 2022 
 
 XAN 2020-RSO9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 17, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 10 of 10 

EXHIBIT B 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE 
SERVICING CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE 
SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Regulation 
AB 
Reference 
 Criterion 
 Performed Directly by PBLS 1 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which PBLS is the Responsible Party 
 Performed by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) for which PBLS is NOT the Responsible Party 
 NOT performed by PBLS or by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) retained by PBLS 2 
 
 General Servicing Considerations 
 
 1122(d)(1)(i) 
 Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(v) 
 Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 

X 
 
 Cash Collection and Administration 
 
 1122(d)(2)(i) 
 Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(v) 
 Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

X 

Exhibit B - page 1 of 5 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE 
SERVICING CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE 
SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Regulation 
AB 
Reference 
 Criterion 
 Performed Directly by PBLS 1 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which PBLS is the Responsible Party 
 Performed by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) for which PBLS is NOT the Responsible Party 
 NOT performed by PBLS or by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) retained by PBLS 2 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vii) 
 Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 Investor Remittances and Reporting 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i)(A) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(3)(i)(B) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(3)(i)(C) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations. 
 
 X 3 

X 4 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i)(D) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the Servicer. 
 X 3 

X 4 
 
 1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

X 

Exhibit B - page 2 of 5 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE 
SERVICING CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE 
SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Regulation 
AB 
Reference 
 Criterion 
 Performed Directly by PBLS 1 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which PBLS is the Responsible Party 
 Performed by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) for which PBLS is NOT the Responsible Party 
 NOT performed by PBLS or by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) retained by PBLS 2 
 
 Pool Asset Administration 
 
 1122(d)(4)(i) 
 Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related mortgage loan documents. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 Pool asset and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(v) 
 The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor's pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

X 

Exhibit B - page 3 of 5 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE 
SERVICING CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE 
SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Regulation 
AB 
Reference 
 Criterion 
 Performed Directly by PBLS 1 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which PBLS is the Responsible Party 
 Performed by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) for which PBLS is NOT the Responsible Party 
 NOT performed by PBLS or by subservicer(s) or vendor(s) retained by PBLS 2 
 
 1122(d)(4)(x) 
 Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the Servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the Servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 

Remainder of page left
blank intentionally 

Exhibit B - page 4 of 5 

1 The criteria in the columns Applicable Servicing Criteria 
and marked with an X are applicable for the Transactions unless otherwise noted. If there were no specially serviced loans
under the related Transactions during the reporting period, then no trust advisor, senior trust advisor or operating advisor actions
were required. 

2 The
criteria in the columns Inapplicable Servicing Criteria and marked with an X were not within the scope of
the Asserting Party s duties in the Transactions. 

3 Applicable
only to the Transactions listed in Table 2 below. 

4 Not
applicable to Transactions other than the Transactions listed in Table 2 below. 

Table 2 

COMM 2012-LC4 
 
 COMM 2012 CCRE2 
 
 COMM 2012 CCRE4 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE5 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE7 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE9 
 
 COMM 2013-LC6 
 
 COMM 2013-LC13 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE11 
 
 MSBAM 2012-C5 

Exhibit B - page 5 of 5 

</EX-33.5>

<EX-33.6>
 7
 ex336.htm

Management s Report on Assessment of Compliance with
SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria 

1. CoreLogic Solutions, LLC (the Company 
or CoreLogic is responsible for providing an assertion on the Company s assessment of compliance with the servicing
criteria applicable to it under paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, (the specified
period ). The transactions covered by this report include commercial mortgage loan outsourcing customers on the FACTS and NTS 2001
platforms for which CoreLogic acted as the tax service provider (the Platform ). 

2. Except as set forth in paragraph 3 below,
CoreLogic used the criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB to provide an assertion on the Company s assessment
of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. 

3. The criteria listed in the column titled Inapplicable
Servicing Criteria in Appendix A hereto are inapplicable to CoreLogic based on the activities it performed, directly or through
its Vendors, with respect to the Platform for the specified period. 

4. CoreLogic has complied, in all material respects,
with the applicable servicing criteria for the specified period with respect to the Platform taken as a whole. 

5. Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on CoreLogic s assertion on compliance with the applicable servicing criteria
for the reporting period. 

 CoreLogic Solutions, LLC 
January 31, 2023 

 By: /s/ Michael Bremer 

 Michael Bremer, Executive, Production and 
Delivery 

Appendix A 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
directly 
by 
CoreLogic 
 Performed by 
Vendor(s) for 
which 
CoreLogic is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 Performed by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
for which 
CoreLogic is 
NOT the 
Responsible 
Party 
 NOT 
performed by 
CoreLogic or 
by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
retained by 
CoreLogic 
 
 General Servicing Considerations 
 
 1122(d)(1)(i) 
 Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(v) 
 An assessment is conducted of the conveyance and mathematical accuracy of data that is aggregated by one party and then provided to a servicing party. 

X 
 
 Cash Collection and Administration 
 
 1122(d)(2)(i) 
 Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days of receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
directly 
by 
CoreLogic 
 Performed by 
Vendor(s) for 
which 
CoreLogic is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 Performed by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
for which 
CoreLogic is 
NOT the 
Responsible 
Party 
 NOT 
performed by 
CoreLogic or 
by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
retained by 
CoreLogic 
 
 1122(d)(2)(v) 
 Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of 240.13k-1(b)(1) of this chapter. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(vii) 
 Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations: (A) Are mathematically accurate; (B) Are prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) Are reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) Contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports: (A) Are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; (B) Provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; (C) Are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; and (D) Agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

X 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
directly 
by 
CoreLogic 
 Performed by 
Vendor(s) for 
which 
CoreLogic is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 Performed by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
for which 
CoreLogic is 
NOT the 
Responsible 
Party 
 NOT 
performed by 
CoreLogic or 
by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
retained by 
CoreLogic 
 
 Pool Asset Administration 
 
 1122(d)(4)(i) 
 Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the applicable servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(v) 
 The servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool asset (e.g., loan modifications or reagings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

X 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 INAPPLICABLE SERVICING 
CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
directly 
by 
CoreLogic 
 Performed by 
Vendor(s) for 
which 
CoreLogic is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 Performed by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
for which 
CoreLogic is 
NOT the 
Responsible 
Party 
 NOT 
performed by 
CoreLogic or 
by 
subservicer(s) 
or vendor(s) 
retained by 
CoreLogic 
 
 1122(d)(4)(x) 
 Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) Such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) Interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) Such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool asset, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of this Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X 

</EX-33.6>

<EX-33.7>
 8
 ex337.htm

MANAGEMENT S ASSERTION ON 

 COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB SERVICING CRITERIA 

KeyBank National Association, as successor
by merger to KeyCorp Real Estate Capital Markets, Inc. (the Asserting Party is responsible for assessing compliance for
the transactions listed on Appendix A for the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (the Reporting Period ), with
the servicing criteria set forth in Title 17, Section 229.1122(d) of the Code of Federal Regulations (the CFR ), except for
the servicing criteria which the Asserting Party has concluded are not applicable, as indicated on Appendix B attached hereto (the Applicable
Servicing Criteria ), to the servicing of the transactions listed on Appendix A, backed by commercial real estate mortgage loans
and serviced by the Asserting Party. Although the Asserting Party is responsible for assessing compliance with Section 229.1122 (d)(1)(iii)
of Regulation AB, there were no servicing activities performed by the Asserting Party during the year ended December 31, 2022, that required
this servicing criteria to be complied with. 

The Asserting Party has assessed compliance
with the Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Reporting Period and has concluded that the Asserting Party has complied, in all material
respects, except as discussed in Appendix C, with the applicable servicing criteria for the transactions listed on Appendix A backed by
commercial real estate mortgage loans serviced by the Asserting Party. 

The Asserting Party has engaged a vendor
to perform the activities required by the servicing criteria as set forth in Appendix B. The Asserting Party has determined that this
vendor is not considered a servicer as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Asserting Party has elected to
take responsibility for assessing compliance with the applicable servicing criteria applicable to the vendor as permitted by Regulation
AB Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations of the Division of Corporation Finance, Section 200.06, Vendors Engaged by Servicers 
C DI 200.06. As permitted by C DI 200.06, the Asserting Party has asserted that it has policies and procedures in place designed
to provide reasonable assurance that the vendors activities comply in all material respects with servicing criteria applicable
to the vendor. The Asserting Party is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC requirements to apply C DI 200.06 for
the vendor and related criteria. 

Ernst Young LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the assessment of compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria
for the Reporting Period as set forth in this assertion. 

KeyBank National Association 

By: 
 /s/ Craig Younggren 

/s/ Gina Sullivan 

Craig Younggren 

Gina Sullivan 

Senior Vice President 

Senior Vice President 

February 22, 2023 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022 - Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 3650 REIT Commercial Mortgage Securities II LLC 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 3650 REIT Commercial Mortgage Securities II LLC Series 2022-PF2 
 11/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 American Finance Properties LLC 2019-1 
 05/30/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF68 
 10/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-Q009 
 07/09/2019 
 Special 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-SB59 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-K118 
 10/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-SB76 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-K123 
 01/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-SB84 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2008-LSI 
 03/01/2008 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2005-1 
 04/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2005-4 
 09/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2006-4 
 08/01/2006 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2007-1 
 02/01/2007 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2007-4 
 11/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2007-5 
 12/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2008-1 
 06/01/2008 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2010-K9 
 11/01/2010 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2012-K21 
 11/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2013-K25 
 02/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2013-K33 
 10/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2015-K51 
 12/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2015-SB10 
 12/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-K722 
 06/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-C31 
 11/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-C32 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-K59 
 11/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-KJ08 
 10/01/2016 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-KJ09 
 11/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-KX02 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-UBS10 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-BNK3 
 02/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-BNK6 
 07/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-C34 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-K66 
 08/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-K70 
 12/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-KMP1 
 09/01/2017 
 Master 

Page 1 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022 - Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-SB37 
 09/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-BNK15 
 11/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-K1507 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-K82 
 10/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KF45 
 05/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KJ20 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KJ21 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KJ22 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KL03 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-BNK24 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-K103 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-K88 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-K90 
 04/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KC04 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KC06 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KF67 
 09/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KW09 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-BHP3 
 11/05/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-BNK27 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-BNK30 
 12/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K105 
 03/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K109 
 05/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K114 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K124 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-KF87 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-KF91 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-BNK33 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-BNK36 
 10/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-K745 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-KF103 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-KF110 
 05/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-BNK39 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-BNK42 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K137 
 01/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K147 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2012-PARK 
 12/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2017-AMO 
 06/20/2017 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2019-RLJ 
 05/30/2019 
 Master/Special 

Page 2 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2021-BXMF 
 11/08/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2021-LBA 
 02/16/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2021-MLBH 
 11/04/2021 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2022-LBA6 
 02/22/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2019-AHT 
 04/05/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-KF31 
 06/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K148 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K151 
 11/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. 2022-PSB 
 08/15/2022 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-VFM 
 03/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-K69 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-C2 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-CBM 
 08/15/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K1506 
 08/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K72 
 01/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K74 
 03/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K78 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K81 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-KW07 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-TALL 
 03/28/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-B3B4 
 07/11/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-BWAY 
 11/26/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-C3 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-C4 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-C5 
 11/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-CALM 
 12/12/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-K98 
 10/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF57 
 01/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF61 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF64 
 07/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KW10 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-PARK 
 12/19/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-PRKC 
 12/05/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-BID 
 10/15/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-C6 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-C7 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-C8 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-K106 
 03/01/2020 
 Master/Special 

Page 3 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-K112 
 07/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-KF94 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-1818M 
 03/18/2021 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C10 
 07/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C11 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C12 
 11/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C9 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-FPM 
 06/22/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-K125 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-K744 
 08/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KDIP 
 01/28/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KF108 
 04/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KF113 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KF122 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-NWM 
 03/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-SSCP 
 04/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C17 
 09/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C18 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-HLNE 
 03/15/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-K150 
 10/01/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2012-K19 
 08/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2012-K22 
 12/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2013-K27 
 05/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2013-K31 
 08/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-K43 
 03/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-KF08 
 06/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-KF12 
 12/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K144 
 05/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K52 
 01/01/2016 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K55 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K57 
 09/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-KF25 
 12/01/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-KJ03 
 02/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-KJ05 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-DELC 
 08/29/2017 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-K63 
 03/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-KF32 
 07/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-KF35 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary 

Page 4 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-BVUE 
 01/27/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C14 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C15 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C16 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-MVRK 
 03/23/2022 
 Master 
 
 Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 1999-CLF1 
 08/15/1999 
 Primary/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series BWAY 2021-1450 
 08/31/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-26BW 
 02/06/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C1 
 02/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C2 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C3 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-IND 
 02/15/2022 
 Master 
 
 BRSP 2021-FL1 LTD 
 07/20/2021 
 Master 
 
 CCRC Depositor LLC Series 2017-Q005 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2011-C2 
 12/11/2011 
 Master 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2018-TAN 
 02/06/2018 
 Master 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-BOSS 
 11/26/2019 
 Master 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-CF1 
 04/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-CF2 
 10/01/2019 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-CF3 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-FAX 
 02/06/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-KF70 
 11/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2020-KF76 
 03/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2020-MF2 
 03/10/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2020-P1 
 04/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 CHCP 2021-FL1 LTD 
 03/02/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-FL2 
 11/07/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-SHP2 
 07/09/2015 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-P6 
 12/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-ATL 
 10/09/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-B15 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-C7 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-KC07 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-MOB 
 11/09/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-XL 
 10/19/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-420K 
 11/06/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-B19 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-BXLP 
 01/09/2020 
 Master/Special 

Page 5 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-GC46 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K108 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF85 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIV2 
 07/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIV3 
 09/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIV4 
 12/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIVA 
 05/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VKNG 
 09/29/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-WSS 
 07/09/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-909 
 04/06/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-B23 
 02/21/2021 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-B27 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-B31 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-CIP 
 12/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-ELP 
 11/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF109 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF115 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF121 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-MFP2 
 12/09/2021 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SOAR 
 06/09/2021 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-VOLT 
 09/09/2021 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-B35 
 05/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-BOCA 
 05/09/2022 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-GC48 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K747 
 01/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF138 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-LP2 
 02/09/2022 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-LPF2 
 09/22/2022 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-MINI 
 01/09/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2005-EMG 
 05/02/2005 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-FL1 
 06/09/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-GC21 
 05/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-P1 
 08/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-C2 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-GC36 
 02/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-GC37 
 04/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-K54 
 04/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KF21 
 09/01/2016 
 Master 

Page 6 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 
 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-P3 
 04/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-P4 
 07/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-B1 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C4 
 10/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-CD3 
 02/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-CD5 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KF34 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KJ16 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-P7 
 04/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-P8 
 09/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-ATLS MZB 
 07/09/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-B2 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-B3 
 04/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-B6 
 10/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-BIOA 
 03/09/2018 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C5 
 06/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C6 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-K76 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KW04 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-650M 
 12/08/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-B12 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-GC41 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-IMC 
 05/09/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K1512 
 07/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K89 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-GCT 
 02/05/2021 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF99 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SNAI 
 02/09/2022 
 Special 
 
 CLNC 2019-FL1 LTD 
 10/22/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Lease-Backed Securities Series 2001-CMLB-1 
 02/01/2001 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-C5 
 02/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-C6 
 05/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-MV 
 06/22/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-C8 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-CALI 
 11/06/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-CX10 
 11/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-CX9 
 09/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF29 
 04/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 

Page 7 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-MOON 
 07/06/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-CX11 
 04/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K731 
 04/18/2018 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-C15 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-C18 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-ICE4 
 06/05/2019 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K101 
 11/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-RIO 
 12/20/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SKLZ 
 02/20/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-522F 
 10/29/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-FACT 
 10/28/2020 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF95 
 12/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-LOTS 
 06/29/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-UNFI 
 12/22/2020 
 Master/Servicer 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-4SZN 
 12/07/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-980M 
 08/06/2021 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-ADV 
 08/05/2021 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-AHP 
 06/29/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-B33 
 10/19/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BLUF 
 06/29/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BPNY 
 08/06/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BRIT 
 06/24/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-C20 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SRDC 
 11/30/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-W10X 
 12/23/2021 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-WEHO 
 04/29/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-MDR 
 08/31/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SSP 
 06/03/2022 
 Master/Primay 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-NET 
 08/06/2020 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB78 
 09/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston CMortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K104 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary/Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. 2020-KF88 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. 2021-KF111 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 1998-C1 
 06/11/1998 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 1999-PS3 
 11/01/1999 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2000-PS4 
 06/16/2000 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2004-C2 
 06/01/2004 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2005-C2 
 05/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 

Page 8 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2005-C4 
 08/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2006-C1 
 03/01/2006 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2006-C4 
 09/01/2006 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2007-C2 
 05/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2007-C5 
 11/01/2007 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2008-C1 
 04/01/2008 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K30 
 08/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K35 
 12/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-K38 
 06/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C1 
 03/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C2 
 05/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C3 
 08/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K44 
 04/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K48 
 09/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K50 
 11/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K719 
 08/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-K1502 
 06/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KC01 
 05/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KF14 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K1503 
 04/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K65 
 07/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K727 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF39 
 12/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF41 
 12/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K73 
 02/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K731 
 04/18/2018 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K77 
 06/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K84 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF51 
 09/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF53 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KW06 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KC03 
 01/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KC05 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KF62 
 05/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KF63 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KL05 
 08/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB61 
 04/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB67 
 10/01/2019 
 Special 

Page 9 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K113 
 08/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K1516 
 07/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF77 
 04/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF88 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF92 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF95 
 12/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB78 
 09/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K136 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF101 
 03/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF117 
 07/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF124 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB88 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF132 
 03/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF135 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF139 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit SuisseFirst Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K1520 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE16 
 04/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2007-C9 
 08/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2011-LC3 
 08/01/2011 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE1 
 05/01/2012 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE3 
 01/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE4 
 11/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE5 
 12/01/2012 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-LC4 
 03/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-LTRT 
 10/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-300P 
 08/01/2013 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE10 
 08/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE13 
 12/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE7 
 04/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE8 
 06/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE9 
 07/01/2013 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-GAM 
 03/03/2013 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE17 
 05/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE18 
 06/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE21 
 12/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-LC15 
 03/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS2 
 03/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS3 
 06/01/2014 
 Primary 

Page 10 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS4 
 07/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS6 
 12/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-11MD 
 09/06/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-CCRE25 
 08/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-CCRE26 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-CCRE27 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-DC1 
 03/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-LC19 
 02/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-LC21 
 06/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-LC23 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-667M 
 10/06/2016 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-C3 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-CCRE28 
 02/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-CD2 
 12/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-DC2 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2017-C6 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2017-CD6 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2017-OT 
 05/06/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-5BP 
 06/28/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-B1 
 01/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-B4 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-BIOD 
 06/26/2018 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-C1 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-HCLV 
 09/27/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-521F 
 06/20/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-B10 
 04/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-B10 subordinate 
 04/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-B13 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-CD8 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-KNSQ 
 05/30/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-WCM 
 10/30/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B16 
 02/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B18 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B22 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B6 
 08/06/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-C9 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-CBM 
 02/06/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-IG2 
 05/02/2020 
 Primary 

Page 11 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-B26 
 05/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-B30 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-BMR 
 03/30/2021 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-CX2 
 11/09/2021 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-LBA 
 03/17/2021 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-W52 
 11/18/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-B34 
 04/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-BMR2 
 05/24/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-HC 
 01/26/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-LAQ 
 03/30/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series BMARK 2018-B7 
 11/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series CD 2018-CD7 
 08/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series DBGS 2019-1735 
 04/06/2019 
 Master 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2018-ML04 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2019-ML05 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2019-ML06 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2020-ML07 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML08 
 02/02/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML09 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML10 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML11 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML12 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Flexential Issuer LLC and Flexential Co-Issuer LLC 
 12/02/2021 
 Primary 
 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL2 ISSUER LTD 
 05/05/2021 
 Primary 
 
 GE Commercial Mortgage Corporation Series 2006-C1 
 03/01/2006 
 Primary 
 
 German American Capital Corporation 
 12/01/1998 
 Primary 
 
 GFCM LLC Series 2003-1 
 09/01/2003 
 Special 
 
 Global Franchise Grantor Trust 1998-1 
 08/01/1998 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GMAC Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 1999-C2 
 06/01/1999 
 Special 
 
 Goldman Sachs Mortgage Co. 
 04/06/2016 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 1998-C1 
 11/11/1998 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2012-GC6 
 02/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2013-G1 
 03/01/2013 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2013-PEMB 
 04/01/2013 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2014-GC20 
 04/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2015-GC32 
 07/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-FARM 
 12/29/2017 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-KF38 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 

Page 12 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-GS10 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-GS9 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-HART 
 10/31/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-HULA 
 08/17/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-K1508 
 11/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-K79 
 08/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-K86 
 12/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-KF46 
 05/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-SRP5 
 06/15/2018 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-1633 
 12/20/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-70P 
 10/23/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-BOCA 
 06/26/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-FBLU 
 12/06/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC38 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC39 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC40 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC42 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GSA1 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-K734 
 04/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-K736 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KF58 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KF72 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KJ24 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KS11 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-MAUI 
 05/24/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-MBR 
 12/19/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-SMP 
 09/26/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-B21 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-DUNE 
 01/31/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-GC45 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-GC47 
 05/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-GSA2 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-K121 
 12/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-K738 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF74 
 02/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF79 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF80 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF84 
 09/02/2020 
 Primary 

Page 13 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF86 
 10/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-UPTN 
 02/27/2020 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-ACNT 
 11/19/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-B25 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-B29 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-DM 
 12/16/2021 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-FILE 
 04/30/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-GSA3 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-IP 
 10/15/2021 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-K131 
 09/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-K1522 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KF114 
 06/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KF123 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KF98 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KIND 
 08/16/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-MTL6 
 09/15/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-RISE 
 12/15/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-ROSS 
 05/28/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-ROSS MZ 
 06/04/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-SOHO 
 07/30/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-TRIP 
 10/19/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-VR 
 04/02/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-B33 
 03/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-K749 
 05/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-KF130 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2016-K58 
 11/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-GS7 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-GS8 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-K62 
 02/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-K67 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-K726 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-B37 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-ECI 
 08/15/2022 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-K750 
 11/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-KF141 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-Q020 
 11/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 GSF 2002-1 Issuer LLC 
 05/05/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GSF 2021-1 Issuer LLC 
 02/22/2021 
 Master/Special 

Page 14 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 HFX Funding 2017-1 
 03/30/2020 
 Primary 
 
 HGI CRE CLO 2021-FL1 LTD 
 05/19/2021 
 Special 
 
 HGI CRE CLO 2021-FL2 LTD 
 09/27/2021 
 Special 
 
 Jefferies Mortgage Acceptance Corp. Series 2022-ML14 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase - Cross Harbor Repo 
 10/10/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K64 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-SB36 
 08/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KL04 
 01/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB58 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2004-CIBC8 
 03/31/2004 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2011-C5 
 09/01/2011 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-C8 
 10/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-HSBC 
 07/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-K18 
 05/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-K23 
 12/01/2012 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-WLDN 
 05/01/2012 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C12 
 06/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C13 
 07/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C15 
 10/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C17 
 12/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K28 
 06/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K32 
 09/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C18 
 02/01/2014 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C19 
 05/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C20 
 06/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C24 
 10/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-FL6 
 12/08/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-K36 
 06/27/2014 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-K40 
 11/01/2014 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C28 
 04/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C30 
 07/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-FL7 
 06/30/2015 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-HGLR 
 03/30/2015 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K1501 
 07/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K42 
 01/28/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K45 
 05/01/2015 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K720 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-WPG 
 06/24/2015 
 Master/Special 

Page 15 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-C1 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-CSTL 
 07/20/2016 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-JP2 
 07/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-K53 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-K723 
 11/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KF13 
 01/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KW01 
 05/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB16 
 05/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB17 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB18 
 07/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB23 
 10/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB24 
 08/18/2016 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB25 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-C5 
 03/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-FL10 
 08/10/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-FL11 
 11/06/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-JP6 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-JP7 
 07/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K64 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K71 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K724 
 01/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF33 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF37 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KW02 
 03/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KW03 
 09/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-SB31 
 05/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-AON 
 06/29/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-B2 
 02/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-B5 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-B8 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-BCON 
 02/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-BILT 
 05/24/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-BLT MZ 
 05/24/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-C8 
 06/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-FUN 
 09/28/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-GW 
 05/22/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-GW MZ 
 05/22/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K1504 
 01/01/2018 
 Master/Special 

Page 16 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K80 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K85 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF47 
 06/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF49 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KS10 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KX03 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-PHH 
 08/07/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-PHH MZ 
 08/07/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB45 
 01/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB50 
 06/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB52 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB56 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-THPT 
 02/05/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-WPT 
 07/31/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-B11 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-B14 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-BROOK 
 10/16/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-COR4 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-FL12 
 09/30/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K1510 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K1514 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K735 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K91 
 04/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K96 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K99 
 10/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KG01 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KJ25 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KJ26 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KJ27 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-MFP 
 07/18/2019 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-OSB 
 06/13/2019 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-PCC 
 10/31/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB58 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB62 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB64 
 07/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB66 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB69 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-WOLF 
 12/30/2019 
 Master 

Page 17 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-AIP 
 03/30/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-B17 
 03/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-B20 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-COR7 
 06/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-FOX 
 11/09/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-IG1 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-IG3 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K107 
 04/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K116 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K119 
 11/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K122 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K1515 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF83 
 08/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KI05 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KI06 
 08/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ28 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ29 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ30 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ31 
 10/01/2020 
 Prinmary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ32 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-LOOP 
 02/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-MKST 
 02/19/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-NNN MZ 
 03/05/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB71 
 02/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB73 
 04/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB75 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB77 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB79 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB81 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-410T 
 03/12/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-ARIA 
 10/28/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-B24 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-B28 
 08/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BOLT 
 09/08/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-CHIP 
 08/24/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-ESH 
 07/08/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-HTL5 
 12/06/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K126 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 

Page 18 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K132 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K135 
 12/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K742 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K743 
 06/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF100 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF105 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF119 
 08/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF120 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF97 
 01/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KG06 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KJ33 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KJ34 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KLU3 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-MHC 
 05/11/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-NYAH 
 11/02/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-NYAH MZ 
 11/02/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-RETL 
 08/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB83 
 02/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB85 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB87 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB89 
 08/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB91 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB93 
 12/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-B32 
 02/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-B36 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K140 
 03/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K143 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF128 
 01/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KJ37 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-OPO 
 01/26/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB102 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB104 
 11/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB94 
 01/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB96 
 03/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB98 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-WSS 
 03/24/2022 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB50 
 06/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-B11 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 

Page 19 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-MARG 
 05/30/2019 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB58 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB62 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K147 
 07/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K152 
 12/01/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF140 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KG07 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KSG4 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB100 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB101 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Key Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC 2018-S1 
 10/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Key Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC 2019-S2 
 07/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Key Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-S3 
 09/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 LMDV Issuer CO LLC 
 11/22/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Market Gap Term Loan Lender LLC 
 08/23/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Merchants Bank of Indiana Multifamily Housing Loan Trust 2021-Q015 
 05/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Meritz Private RE Fund 4 
 12/15/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Meritz Private Real Estate Fund 27 
 03/03/2021 
 Master 
 
 Meritz Private REF 19 
 04/23/2019 
 Master 
 
 Meritz Private REF 20 
 05/28/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc. ML-CFC Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-5 
 03/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc. ML-CFC Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-8 
 08/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc. Series 2005-CK11 
 12/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc. Series 1998-C1-CTL 
 10/01/1999 
 Special 
 
 MF1 2019-FL2 LTD 
 12/05/2019 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2020-FL3 LTD 
 06/25/2020 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2020-FL4 LTD 
 11/16/2020 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2021-FL7 LTD 
 09/24/2021 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2022-FL10 LTD 
 08/02/2022 
 Primary 
 
 MF1 2022-FL8 LTD 
 01/20/2022 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2022-FL9 LTD 
 05/26/2022 
 Master 
 
 MFI 2021-F5 LTD 
 03/17/2021 
 Primary 
 
 MFI 2021-FL6 LTD 
 06/24/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust Series 2015-C21 
 02/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust Series 2017-C33 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-UBS11 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-BNK8 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-CLS 
 12/18/2017 
 Master/Special 

Page 20 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-BOP 
 08/30/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-H3 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K1505 
 06/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K1509 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K730 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K75 
 04/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-KC02 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-SUN 
 08/02/2018 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-BNK17 
 04/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-BNK23 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-BPR 
 05/15/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-DPLO 
 10/09/2019 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-H6 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-H7 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-HIT 
 05/31/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-IKPR 
 12/05/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-K87 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-K93 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-K95 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-KF60 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-L2 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-L3 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-NUGS 
 12/19/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-OC11 
 12/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-BNK26 
 03/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-CNP 
 05/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-EYP 
 10/07/2020 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-HR8 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-K110 
 06/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-K117 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-L8 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KF78 
 04/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KF82 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KF90 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KL06 
 12/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KSG1 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-L4 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-OBRK 
 11/10/2020 
 Master/Primary/Special 

Page 21 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-BNK35 
 08/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-BNK38 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K128 
 04/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K129 
 06/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K133 
 11/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K1519 
 01/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KEN 
 02/25/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KF104 
 03/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KF118 
 08/21/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KJ36 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KJ36 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-L5 
 05/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-L6 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-L7 
 10/21/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-NRD 
 12/22/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-SDMF 
 09/28/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-VIEW 
 06/15/2021 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-WILL 
 05/27/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-BNK41 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-BNK44 
 11/10/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-FOX2 
 12/12/2022 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-H132 
 07/06/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-IND 
 04/30/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K139 
 03/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K142 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K144 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K145 
 06/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KF146 
 11/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KFI29 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ39 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ41 
 08/01/2022 
 Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ42 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ43 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-OANA 
 04/19/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2011-C1 
 02/01/2011 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2011-C2 
 06/01/2011 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-C4 
 03/01/2012 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-C5 
 07/01/2012 
 Master 

Page 22 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-CKSV 
 10/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-K20 
 09/01/2012 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-STAR 
 08/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2013-KSMC 
 03/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2014-150E 
 09/05/2014 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-ALDR 
 05/05/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-C26 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-K49 
 10/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-K721 
 12/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-MS1 
 07/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-C29 
 05/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-C30 
 09/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-KF17 
 06/01/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-KF22 
 10/01/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-UBS9 
 03/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-APPL 
 08/09/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ13 
 04/01/2017 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ18 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-BNK5 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KF30 
 05/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KF36 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ12 
 03/01/2017 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ14 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ17 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-SLCT 
 08/09/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-KC02 
 09/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-L1 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-MMP 
 08/29/2019 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-BNK29 
 11/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-330N 
 06/29/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-MFM1 
 01/19/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KF144 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Series 2022-CLS 
 10/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Series 2022-K145 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust, Series 2018-H4 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I, Inc. Series 2016-KF24 
 12/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I, Inc. Series 2016-KJ10 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Nationslink Funding Corporation Series 1999-LTL-1 
 02/15/1999 
 Special 

Page 23 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-10K 
 06/04/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-FAME 
 09/04/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-LVL 
 04/23/2019 
 Master 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-NEMA 
 03/29/2019 
 Master 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-75B 
 05/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-285M 
 01/30/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 NAtixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-OSS 
 02/27/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-APPL 
 10/07/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-MC 
 04/15/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 PaineWebber Mortgage Acceptance Corporation V Series 1999-C1 
 06/01/1999 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 PLP 2020-1 LTD 
 10/21/2020 
 Special 
 
 PLP 2021-1 LTD 
 03/15/2021 
 Special 
 
 PLP 2021-2 LTD 
 06/03/2021 
 Special 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2018-K83 
 11/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2020-K1517 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2021-KI08 
 12/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2022-KF136 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Prudential Securities Secured Financing Corporation Series 1999-C2 
 07/01/1999 
 Master/Primary 
 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc. Series 2012-C7 
 06/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2016-3 
 11/30/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2018-4 
 03/15/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2019-5 
 01/31/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2019-6 
 11/18/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC, Series 2022-7 
 04/14/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2021-FL5 LLC 
 03/31/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2021-FL6 LLC 
 08/17/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2021-FL7 LLC 
 11/24/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2022-FL10 LLC 
 10/19/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2022-FL8 LLC 
 03/08/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2022-FL9 LLC 
 06/30/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing LLC Series 2020-FL4 
 06/30/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Asset Depositor II LLC Series 2021-SBC10 
 05/04/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Asset Depositor II LLC Series 2021-SBC9 
 06/30/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2015-2 
 11/30/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2014-1 
 10/17/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-PREZ 
 09/16/2019 
 Master 
 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-RP 
 06/27/2019 
 Master 
 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-VIV5 
 10/15/2021 
 Master 

Page 24 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Shinhan Bank, New York Branch 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Starwood Property Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2018-ATLS MZ A 
 09/20/2018 
 Master 
 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation II Series 2006-C7 
 11/13/2006 
 Primary 
 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation II Series 2007-C3 
 07/11/2007 
 Master 
 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Series 1998-C1 
 02/01/1998 
 Special 
 
 Sutherland Commercial Mortgage Depositor II, LLC Series 2017-SBC6 
 07/07/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2013-PENN 
 12/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2012-C1 
 05/01/2012 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2012-WRM 
 07/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C1 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C2 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C3 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C4 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C5 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C6 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C7 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C10 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C11 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C12 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C14 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C15 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C8 
 02/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2019-C16 
 04/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2019-C17 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series CCUBS 2017-C1 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 UBS-Barclays Commercial Mortgage Trust 2013-C5 
 02/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 UBS-Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2011-C1 
 12/01/2011 
 Primary 
 
 USQ 1201L LLC 
 03/30/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2006-C34 
 11/01/2007 
 Primary 
 
 Walton Street Real Estate Debt Fund II, LP 
 12/06/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Washington Mutual Asset Securities Corp. Series 2006-SL1 
 11/01/2006 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Washington Mutual Asset Securities Corp. Series 2007-SL2 
 03/01/2007 
 Master/Special 
 
 Washington Mutual Asset Securities Corp. Series 2007-SL3 
 07/01/2007 
 Master/Special 
 
 Waterfall Commercial Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2015-SBC5 
 09/10/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-KS04 
 12/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF50 
 09/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-BNK16 
 02/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K94 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 

Page 25 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF81 
 07/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB70 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K130 
 08/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K134 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF127 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-C27 
 03/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB20 
 08/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KS08 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB46 
 02/10/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-C55 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-C58 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K739 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-C59 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K127 
 03/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K1521 
 09/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K746 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF112 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KJ35 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB90 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB92 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K138` 
 02/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2012-C8 
 08/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K24 
 01/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K26 
 05/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K29 
 07/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K34 
 1/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-KS01 
 05/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-K37 
 03/01/2014 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-K39 
 09/01/2014 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-K41 
 12/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-LC16 
 06/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-C31 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-K46 
 06/01/2015 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-KKA 
 03/01/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-KS03 
 10/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-NXS3 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-SB3 
 09/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-SB5 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 

Page 26 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-BNK1 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-K56 
 08/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-K60 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KF16 
 05/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KS05 
 07/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KS06 
 10/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KSW1 
 06/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-LC24 
 09/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB11 
 01/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB12 
 02/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB14 
 03/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB21 
 09/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C38 
 07/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C39 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C40 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C41 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-K61 
 01/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-K68 
 10/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-K725 
 04/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KS09 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-SB33 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-SB40 
 10/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-SB44 
 12/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C45 
 07/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C48 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-K733 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF44 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF54 
 12/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF55 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF65 
 08/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KL02 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB53 
 09/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB55 
 11/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB57 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF134 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-BNK19 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-BNK22 
 11/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-C50 
 05/01/2019 
 Primary 

Page 27 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-C52 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K100 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K102 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K1513 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K92 
 05/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K97 
 09/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-KF59 
 03/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-KLU1 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB60 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB63 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB65 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB68 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-BNK25 
 02/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-BNK28 
 09/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-C56 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K111 
 07/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K115 
 09/02/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K120 
 11/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K737 
 01/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF81 
 07/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF89 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KX04 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB70 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB72 
 03/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB74 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB80 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SDAL 
 03/13/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-BNK31 
 02/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-BNK34 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-BNK37 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-C61 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-IRON 
 02/23/2021 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K741 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF106 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF96 
 01/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB82 
 01/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB86 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K141 
 04/01/2022 
 Master/Special 

Page 28 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K149 
 09/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF131 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KSG3 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB95 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB97 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-K729 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-BNK7 
 09/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C40 
 10/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C46 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-K732 
 06/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB51 
 07/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K146 
 06/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust Series 2013-BTC 
 04/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF142 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB103 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB99 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 

Page 29 of 29 

Appendix B 

 Servicing Criteria to Be Addressed in Assessment of Compliance 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by KeyBank 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by 
Vendor(s) 
for which 
KeyBank is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 

General Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) 
 Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. 
 X 1 

1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(v) 
 Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 
 X 

Cash Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) 
 Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 2 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by KeyBank 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by 
Vendor(s) 
for which 
KeyBank is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 
 1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(2)(v) 
 Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 240.13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vii) 
 Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are: 

(A) mathematically accurate; 
 X 

(B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; 
 X 

(C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and 
 X 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by KeyBank 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by 
Vendor(s) 
for which 
KeyBank is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 

(D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports: 

(A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; 
 X 

(B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; 
 N/A 3 

(C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; 
 N/A 3 

(D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. 
 N/A 3 

1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 N/A 3 

1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 N/A 3 

1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 
 N/A 3 

Pool Asset Administration 

1122(d)(4)(i) 
 Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements 
 X 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by KeyBank 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by 
Vendor(s) 
for which 
KeyBank is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(4)(v) 
 The servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor's pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 
 X 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by KeyBank 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by 
Vendor(s) 
for which 
KeyBank is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 
 1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(4)(x) 
 Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): 

(A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; 
 X 
 X 2 

(B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and 
 X 
 X 2 

(C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 2,4 

Reference 
 Servicing Criteria 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by KeyBank 
 Applicable: 
Performed 
by 
Vendor(s) 
for which 
KeyBank is 
the 
Responsible 
Party 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 2 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1 There were no servicing activities occurring in the Applicable
Reporting Period. 

 2 KeyBank obtains an assertion of management and accompanying
attestation report from Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC which performs such activity on specific transactions. 

 3 KeyBank is not responsible for providing reports to the
Commission. 

 4 KeyBank engages SLK Group and Core Logic to perform such
activity with respect to tax payments made on behalf of obligors. 

KeyBank National Association 
Management s Assessment of Compliance with Regulation AB Criteria 
For the Period of January 1 through December 31, 2022 
Appendix C 

 KeyBank National Association (KeyBank) has identified the following
material instance of noncompliance with servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(ix) during the calendar year ended December 31, 2022, with respect
to the Platform. 

1) Servicing Criteria impacted 

 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates
of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

2) Material Instance of Noncompliance with Servicing Criteria 

 During compliance testing, it
was discovered, that not all FlexARM loan mortgagors were offered loan rates within 45-60 days before the rate change date, as required
per the related pool asset documents. Per the Note, if the holder fails to offer a loan rate within 45-60 days of any change date a margin
of 2.25 is to be used. Given the notification was not made to the borrowers, a 3 margin was incorrectly applied. The noncompliance in
Item 1122 (d)(4)(ix) is related to a servicing portfolio which is wholly owned by the investor and is not held in a publicly traded security . 

3) Remediation 

 The following remediation procedures have been initiated by KeyBank:
(i) the impacted mortgage loans are currently in the process of being identified, (ii) investor contact has been initiated, (iii) corrective
actions are being considered and will be tracked and monitored by senior management, (iv) procedures will be reviewed and revised, if
necessary, to include new tracking and action steps to prevent this situation from recurring in the future, and (v) training will be provided
to the relevant staff members to prevent a recurrence. 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm covers only item 1 and item 2 of this Appendix C 

</EX-33.7>

<EX-33.23>
 9
 ex3323.htm

ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA 
Document Custody Platform 

 The management Management of the
Corporate Trust Services division of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Company or Wells Fargo is responsible for assessing the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation
AB of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Management has determined that the servicing criteria are applicable in regard to the servicing
platform for the period as follows: 

 Sale of Corporate Trust Services Business. On November
1, 2021, Wells Fargo and certain of its affiliates sold substantially all of its Corporate Trust Services CTS division to Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Computershare Trust Company ), Computershare Delaware Trust Company CDTC ), and Computershare Limited Computershare Limited , and collectively with Computershare
Trust Company and CDTC, Computershare ). Virtually all CTS employees of Wells Fargo, along with most existing CTS
systems, technology, and offices transferred to Computershare as part of the sale. See Appendix B for more information regarding
such transition as it relates to the Document Custody Platform (defined below). 

 Period: As of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 (the
 Period ). 

 Platform: The platform consists of residential
mortgage-backed securities RMBS transactions, commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS transactions, and other asset-backed securities ABS transactions, in each case for which the Company was appointed
to provide document custody services, and for which either (a) some or all of the issued securities for such RMBS, CMBS, and ABS transactions
were publicly offered on or after January 1, 2006 pursuant to a registration statement delivered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or (b) the issued securities for such RMBS, CMBS, and ABS transactions were privately offered on or after January 1, 2006 pursuant
to an exemption from registration and the Company has an obligation under the transaction agreements to deliver an assessment of compliance
with the applicable servicing criteria under Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB; provided however that, the platform excludes any transactions
for which the offered securities were issued, sponsored and/or guaranteed by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. government or any
government-sponsored entity, other than certain RMBS transactions for which the offered securities were issued, sponsored and/or guaranteed
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company (the Document Custody Platform ). As a result of Wells Fargo s sale
of the CTS division to Computershare, Wells Fargo has not accepted any new appointments to provide document custody services after November
1, 2021, other than a few exceptions to facilitate the transition of the CTS business to Computershare. Appendix A identifies the
individual transactions defined by Management as constituting the Document Custody Platform for the Period. 

 Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Period: Management
has determined that the following servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) are relevant to the servicing activities performed by the
Company with respect to the Document Custody Platform transactions for the Period: Item 1122(d)(1)(ii) and 1122(d)(1)(iv) (the Applicable
Servicing Criteria ). Management has determined that all other servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) are not applicable
to the Company s servicing activities with respect to the Document Custody Platform for the Period. 

 2023 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. All rights reserved. 

With respect to the Document Custody Platform and the Period, Management provides
the following assessment of the Company s compliance with respect to the Applicable Servicing Criteria: 

 1. 
 Management is responsible for assessing the Company s compliance
with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. 

 2. 
 Management has assessed the Company s compliance with the Applicable
Servicing Criteria. In performing this assessment, Management used the criteria set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission in
paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB. 

 3. 
 Based on such assessment for the Period, the Company has complied
in all material respects with the Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Period. 

 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation
report with respect to Management s assessment of the Company s compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria for the
Period. 

WELLS FARGO BANK, National Association 

By: 
 /s/ Robin A. Phelan 

Robin A. Phelan 

Title: 
 Vice President 

Dated: 
 February 17, 2023 

Appendix A to the Company s Assessment of Compliance
with the Applicable Servicing Criteria 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 36502021-PF1 
 3650R 2021-PF1 Commercial Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-PF1 
 
 ABFC 2006-HE1 
 ABFC 2006-HE1 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 ABFC 2006-OPT1 
 ABFC 2006-OPT1 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 ABFC 2006-OPT2 
 ABFC 2006-OPT2 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 ABFC 2006-OPT3 
 ABFC 2006-OPT3 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT3 
 
 ABFC 2007-WMC1 
 ABFC 2007-WMC1 Trust Asset Backed Funding Corporation Asset Backed Certificates, Series 2007-WMC1 
 
 ABSC2006-HE3 
 Asset Backed Securities Corporation Home Equity Loan Trust, Series OOMC 2006-HE3 Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series OOMC 2006-HE3 
 
 ABSC2006-HE5 
 Asset Backed Securities Corporation Home Equity Loan Trust, Series OOMC 2006-HE5 Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series OOMC 2006-HE5 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP5 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP5 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP6 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP6 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-CW1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-CW1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-FM1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-FM1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-FM2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-FM2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-HE1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-HE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-HE3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-HE3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-HE4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-HE4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-OP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-OP1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-OP2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-OP2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SD1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SD1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SD2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SD2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-ASAP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-ASAP1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007 ASAP2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-ASAP2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-ASL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-ASL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-D1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-D1 
 
 ACE 2007-HE1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE5 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE5 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-SL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-SL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-SL2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-SL2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-WM1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-WM1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-WM2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-WM2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 AMMST2021-MF2 
 Arbor Multifamily Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-MF2 Multifamily Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-MF2 
 
 AMMST2021-MF3 
 Arbor Multifamily Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-MF3 Multifamily Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-MF3 
 
 ARMT 2006-2 
 Adjustable Rate Mortgage Trust 2006-2 Adjustable Rate Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 ARMT 2006-3 
 Adjustable Rate Mortgage Trust 2006-3 Adjustable Rate Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 BAC 2006-4 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 BAC 2007-4 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 BAC 2007-5 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 BACM 2008-1 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-1 
 
 BACM 2008-LS1 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-LS1 
 
 BACM2016-UBS10 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-UBS10, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-UBS10 
 
 BACM-2017-BNK3 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-BNK3, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK3 
 
 BACM2017-BNK6 
 BANK 2017-BNK6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK6 
 
 BACM2017-BNK9 
 BANK 2017-BNK9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK9 
 
 BACM2018-BNK12 
 BANK 2018-BNK12 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK12 
 
 BACM2018-BNK15 
 BANK 2018-BNK15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK15 
 
 BACM2019-BNK18 
 BANK 2019-BNK18 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK18 
 
 BACM2019-BNK21 
 BANK 2019-BNK21 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK21 
 
 BACM2019-BNK24 
 BANK 2019-BNK24 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK24 
 
 BACM2020-BNK27 
 BANK 2020-BNK27 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK27 
 
 BACM2020-BNK30 
 BANK 2020-BANK30 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK30 
 
 BACM2021-BNK33 
 BANK 2021-BNK33 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK33 
 
 BACM2021-BNK36 
 BANK 2021-BNK36 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK36 
 
 BAFC 2006-B 
 Banc of America Funding Corporation, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-B 
 
 BAFC 2006-C 
 Banc of America Funding Corporation, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-C 
 
 BAFC 2006-E 
 Banc of America Funding Corporation, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-E 

Appendix A- 1 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 BAMLL2016-ISQR 
 BAMLL Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-ISQR, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-ISQR 
 
 BAMLL2017-AMO 
 Del Amo Fashion Center Trust 2017-AMO Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-AMO 
 
 BAMLL2019-LIC 
 Jackson Park Trust 2019-LIC, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-LIC 
 
 BAMLL2020-BHP3 
 BAMLL Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-BHP3, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BHP3 
 
 BAMLL2020-BOC 
 BAMLL Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-BOC, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BOC 
 
 BAMLL2020-GRCE 
 Grace Trust 2020-GRCE Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-GRCE 
 
 BANK2018-BNK11 
 BANK 2018-BNK11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK11 
 
 BANK2019-BNK23 
 BANK 2019-BNK23 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK23 
 
 BANK2020-BNK26 
 BANK 2020-BNK26 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK26 
 
 BANK2020-BNK28 
 BANK 2020-BNK28 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK28 
 
 BANK2020-BNK29 
 BANK 2020-BNK29 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK29 
 
 BANK2021-BNK31 
 BANK 2021- BNK31 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK31 
 
 BANK2021-BNK32 
 BANK 2021-BNK32 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-BNK32 
 
 BANK2021-BNK35 
 BANK 2021-BNK35 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK35 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA1 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA1 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA2 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA2 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA3 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA3 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA4 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA4 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AB1 
 BCAPB Trust LLC 2007-AB1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AB1 
 
 BARCSABR2006FR4 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FR4 
 
 BARCSABR2006WM4 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-WM4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-WM4 
 
 BARCSABR2007BR2 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2007-BR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-BR2 
 
 BARCSABR2007BR3 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2007-BR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-BR3 
 
 BARCSABR2007-HE1 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2007-HE1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-HE1 
 
 BBCMS2016-ETC 
 BBCMS 2016-ETC Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-ETC 
 
 BBCMS2017-C1 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2017-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C1 
 
 BBCMS2018-C2 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2018-C2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C2 
 
 BBCMS2018-CHRS 
 BBCMS 2018-CHRS Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CHRS 
 
 BBCMS2019-B3B4 
 MFTII 2019-B3B4 Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B3B4 
 
 BBCMS2019-C3 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2019-C3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C3 
 
 BBCMS2019-C4 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2019-C4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C4 
 
 BBCMS2019-C5 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2019-C5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C5 
 
 BBCMS2020-C6 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2020-C6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C6 
 
 BBCMS2020-C7 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2020-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C7 
 
 BBCMS2020-C8 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2020-C8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C8 
 
 BBCMS2021-C10 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C10 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2021-C10 
 
 BBCMS2021-C11 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C11 
 
 BBCMS2021-C9 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-C9 
 
 BCAP 2006-AA1 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2006-AA1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-AA1 
 
 BCAP 2006-AA2 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2006-AA2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-AA2 
 
 BCAP 2007-AA5 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA5 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL1 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL1 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL2 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL3 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL3 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL3 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL4 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL4 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL4 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL5 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL5 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL5 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL6 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL6 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL6 
 
 BEARBSMF2007SL1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-SL1 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-SL1 
 
 BEARBSMF2007SL2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-SL2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-SL2 
 
 BEARBSSLT20071 
 Bear Stearns Asset Backed Securities I LLC Bear Stearns Second Lien Trust 2007-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2007-1 
 
 BEARPRIME20062 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BEARPRIME20071 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BEARPRIME20072 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BEARPRIME20073 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 BEARSACO200610 
 SACO I Trust 2006-10 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-10 
 
 BEARSACO20062 
 SACO I Trust 2006-2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 BEARSACO20063 
 SACO I Trust 2006-3 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 BEARSACO20064 
 SACO I Trust 2006-4 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 BEARSACO20065 
 SACO I Trust 2006-5 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 BEARSACO20066 
 SACO I Trust 2006-6 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-6 
 
 BEARSACO20067 
 SACO I Trust 2006-7 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 BEARSACO20069 
 SACO I Trust 2006-9 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-9 
 
 BEARSACO20072 
 SACO I Trust 2007-2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 BMARK2018-B1 
 Benchmark 2018-B1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 BMARK2018-B2 
 Benchmark 2018-B2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-B2 
 
 BMARK2018-B4 
 Benchmark 2018-B4 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 BMARK2018-B5 
 Benchmark 2018-B5 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-B5 
 
 BMARK2018-B7 
 Benchmark 2018-B7 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 

Appendix A- 2 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 BMARK2018-B8 
 Benchmark 2018-B8 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-B8 
 
 BMARK2019-B10 
 Benchmark 2019-B10 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 BMARK2019-B11 
 Benchmark 2019-B11 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B11 
 
 BMARK2019-B13 
 Benchmark 2019-B13 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B13 
 
 BMARK2019-B14 
 Benchmark 2019-B14 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B14 
 
 BMARK2020-B16 
 Benchmark 2020-B16 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B16 
 
 BMARK2020-B17 
 Benchmark 2020-B17 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B17 
 
 BMARK2020-B18 
 Benchmark 2020-B18 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B18 
 
 BMARK2020-B20 
 Benchmark 2020-B20 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B20 
 
 BMARK2020-B21 
 Benchmark 2020-B21 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B21 
 
 BMARK2020-B22 
 Benchmark 2020-B22 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B22 
 
 BMARK2020-IG1 
 Benchmark 2020-IG1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-IG1 
 
 BMARK2020-IG2 
 Benchmark 2020-IG2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-IG2 
 
 BMARK2020-IG3 
 Benchmark 2020-IG3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-IG3 
 
 BMARK2021-B24 
 Benchmark 2021-B24 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-B24 
 
 BMARK2021-B25 
 Benchmark 2021-B25 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-B25 
 
 BMARK2021-B26 
 Benchmark 2021-B26 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-B26 
 
 BMARK2021-B28 
 Benchmark 2021-B28 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-B28 
 
 BMARK2021-B29 
 Benchmark 2021-B29 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-B29 
 
 BMARK2021-B30 
 Benchmark 2021-B30 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-B30 
 
 BOAALT 2006-2 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BOAALT 2006-4 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 BOAALT 2006-5 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-5 
 
 BOAALT 2006-6 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-6 
 
 BOAALT 2006-7 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-7 
 
 BOAALT 2006-8 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 BOAALT 2006-9 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-9 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-9 
 
 BOAALT 2007-1 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BOAALT 2007-2 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BOAMS 2006-1 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 BOAMS 2006-2 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 BOAMS 2006-3 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 BOAMS 2006-A 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-A 
 
 BOAMS 2006-B 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-B 
 
 BOAMS 2007-1 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 BOAMS 2007-2 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 BOAMS 2007-3 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 BOAMS 2007-4 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 BSAAT 2007-01 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust II Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BSABS 2006-2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-2 Asset-Backed-Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BSABS 2006-3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-3 
 
 BSABS 2006-4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC1 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC2 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC3 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC4 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC5 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC5 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC5 
 
 BSABS 2006-IM1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-IM1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-IM1 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD1 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD2 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD3 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD4 
 
 BSABS 2006-ST1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-ST1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-ST1 
 
 BSABS 2007-1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BSABS 2007-2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC1 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC2 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC3 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC4 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC5 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC5 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC5 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC6 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC6 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC6 
 
 BSABS 2007-SD1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-SD1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-SD1 
 
 BSABS 2007-SD2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-SD2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-SD2 
 
 BSABS 2007-SD3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-SD3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-SD3 
 
 BSALTA 2006-1 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-1 
 
 BSALTA 2006-2 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BSALTA 2006-3 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-3 
 
 BSALTA 2006-4 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 BSALTA 2006-5 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-5 
 
 BSALTA 2006-6 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-6 
 
 BSALTA 2006-7 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-7 
 
 BSALTA 2006-8 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 BSALTA 2007-1 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BSALTA 2007-2 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BSALTA 2007-3 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 BSART 2006-1 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, 2006-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 BSART 2006-2 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 

Appendix A- 3 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 BSART 2006-4 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 BSART 2007-1 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 BSART 2007-2 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, 2007-2, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 BSART 2007-4 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage- Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 BSART 2007-5 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage- Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 BSMF 2006-AC1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AC1, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-AC1 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR3 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR4 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR5 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR3 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR4 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR5 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 BX2019-OC11 
 BX Trust 2019-OC11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-OC11 
 
 CAMB2021-CX2 
 CAMB 2021-CX2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-FRE1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-FRE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-FRE2 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-FRE2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-OPT1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-OPT1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-RFC1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-RFC1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2007-FRE1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-FRE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2007-RFC1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-RFC1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARVANA2020P1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2020-P1 
 
 CARVANA2021N1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N1 
 
 CARVANA2021N2 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N2 
 
 CARVANA2021N3 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N3 
 
 CARVANA2021N4 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N4 
 
 CARVANA2021P1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-P1 
 
 CARVANA2021P2 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-P2 
 
 CARVANA2021P3 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-P3 
 
 CCMT 2006-C5 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2006-C5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-C5 
 
 CCMT 2007-C6 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-C6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-C6 
 
 CCRE2019-FAX 
 CFK Trust 2019-FAX, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-FAX 
 
 CCUBS2017-C1 
 CCUBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C1 
 
 CD 2006-CD2 
 CD 2006-CD2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CD 2007-CD5 
 CD 2007-CD5 Commercial Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series CD 2007-CD5 
 
 CD2016-CD1 
 CD 2016-CD1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CD1 
 
 CD2016-CD2 
 CD 2016-CD2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CD2 
 
 CD2017-CD3 
 CD 2017-CD3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CD3 
 
 CD2017-CD4 
 CD 2017-CD4 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CD4 
 
 CD2017-CD6 
 CD 2017-CD6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CD6 
 
 CD2018-CD7 
 CD 2018-CD7 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CD7 
 
 CD2019-CD8 
 CD 2019-CD8 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-CD8 
 
 CF2019-CF3 
 CF 2019-CF3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-CF3 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C3 
 
 CFCRE2016-C6 
 CFCRE 2016-C6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C6 
 
 CFCRE2016-C7 
 CFCRE 2016-C7 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C7 
 
 CFCRE2017-C8 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C8 
 
 CGCMT-2015-P1 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2015-P1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-P1 
 
 CGCMT2016-GC36 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-GC36, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GC36 
 
 CITICMLTI2006HE3 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 CITICMLTI2007AR4 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 CITICMLTI2007AR5 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 CITICMLTI2007AR8 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR8 
 
 CITICMLTI2007WFHE2 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WFHE2 
 
 CITICMLTI2007WFHE3 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WFHE3 
 
 CITICMLTI2007WFHE4 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WFHE4 
 
 COBALT 2007-C2 
 COBALT CMBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-C2, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C2 
 
 COMM12-CCRE1 
 COMM 2012-CCRE1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM12-CCRE2 
 COMM 2012-CCRE2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM12-CCRE4 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM12-CCRE5 
 COMM 2012-CCRE5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM13-CCRE7 
 COMM 2013-CCRE7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM13-LC6 
 COMM 2013-LC6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM15-CCRE23 
 COMM 2015-CCRE23 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM 2007-C9 
 COMM 2007-C9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2013-CCRE10 
 COMM 2013-CCRE10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2013-CCRE12 
 COMM 2013-CCRE12 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE15 
 COMM 2014-CCRE15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE16 
 COMM 2014-CCRE16 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE18 
 COMM 2014-CCRE18 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE19 
 COMM 2014-CCRE19 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 

Appendix A- 4 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE20 
 COMM 2014-CCRE20 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE21 
 COMM 2014-CCRE21 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-LC15 
 COMM 2014-LC15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-LC17 
 COMM 2014-LC17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-UBS3 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-UBS5 
 COMM2014-UBS5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-UBS6 
 COMM 2014-UBS6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-CCRE24 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-CCRE26 
 COMM 2015-CCRE26 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-CCRE27 
 COMM 2015-CCRE27 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-DC1 
 COMM 2015-DC1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-LC19 
 COMM 2015-LC19 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-LC23 
 COMM 2015-LC23 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-PC1 
 COMM 2015-PC1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2016-10HY 
 Hudson Yards 2016-10HY Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2016-667M 
 COMM 2016-667M Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2016-CCRE28 
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CCRE28 
 
 COMM2016-COR1 
 COMM 2016-COR1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-COR1 
 
 COMM2017-COR2 
 COMM 2017-COR2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-COR2 
 
 COMM2018-COR3 
 COMM 2018-COR3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-COR3 
 
 COMM2018-HOME 
 COMM 2018-HOME Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-HOME 
 
 COMM2019-GC44 
 COMM 2019-GC44 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC44 
 
 COMM2020-CBM 
 COMM 2020-CBM Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2020-CX 
 COMM 2020-CX Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CPTS2019-CPT 
 CPTS 2019-CPT Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CSAB 2006-1 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 CSAB 2006-2 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 CSAB 2006-3 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 CSAB 2006-4 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 CSAB 2007-1 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 CSAIL2015-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C1 
 
 CSAIL2015-C2 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C2 
 
 CSAIL2015-C3 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C3 
 
 CSAIL2015-C4 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C4 
 
 CSAIL2016-C5 
 CSAIL 2016-C5 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C5 
 
 CSAIL2016-C6 
 CSAIL 2016-C6 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C6 
 
 CSAIL2016-C7 
 CSAIL 2016-C7 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C7 
 
 CSAIL2017-C8 
 CSAIL 2017-C8 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C8 
 
 CSAIL2017-CX10 
 CSAIL 2017-CX10 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CX10 
 
 CSAIL2017-CX9 
 CSAIL 2017-CX9 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-CX9 
 
 CSAIL2018-C14 
 CSAIL 2018-C14 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C14 
 
 CSAIL2018-CX11 
 CSAIL 2018-CX11 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CX11 
 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CX12 
 
 CSAIL2019-C15 
 CSAIL 2019-C15 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C15 
 
 CSAIL2019-C16 
 CSAIL 2019-C16 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C16 
 
 CSAIL2019-C17 
 CSAIL 2019-C17 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C17 
 
 CSAIL2019-C18 
 CSAIL 2019-C18 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C18 
 
 CSAIL2020-C19 
 CSAIL 2020-C19 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C19 
 
 CSAIL2021-C20 
 CSAIL 2021-C20 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-C20 
 
 CSFB 2006-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C1 
 
 CSFB 2006-C4 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C4 
 
 CSFB 2007-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C1 
 
 CSFB 2007-C2 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C2 
 
 CSFB 2007-C3 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C3 
 
 CSFB 2008-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-C1 
 
 CSMC 2006-1 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 CSMC 2006-2 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 CSMC 2006-3 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 CSMC 2006-4 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 CSMC 2006-7 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 CSMC 2006-8 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8 
 
 CSMC 2006-9 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-9 
 
 CSMC 2007-1 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 

Appendix A- 5 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 CSMC 2007-2 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 CSMC 2007-3 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 CSMC 2007-4 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 CSMC 2007-5 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 CSMC 2007-6 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 CSMC 2007-7 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 CSMC2016-NXSR 
 CSMC 2016-NXSR Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-NXSR 
 
 CSMC2017-MOON 
 CSMC 2017-MOON Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-MOON 
 
 CSMC2019-UVIL 
 CSMC 2019-UVIL Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-UVIL 
 
 CSMC2020-WEST 
 CSMC 2020-WEST Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-WEST 
 
 CSMC2021-980M 
 CSMC 2021-980M Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-980M 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB1 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB2 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB3 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB4 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB4 
 
 DBALT 2006-AF1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AF1 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR4 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR5 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR6 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR6 
 
 DBALT 2006-OA1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OA1 
 
 DBALT 2007-1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 DBALT 2007-2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificate 
 
 DBALT 2007-3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 DBALT 2007-AB1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AB1 
 
 DBALT 2007-AR1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 DBALT 2007-AR2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 DBALT 2007-AR3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 DBALT 2007-BAR1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BAR1 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA1 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA2 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA3 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA4 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA4 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA5 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA5 
 
 DBALT 2007-RAMP1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-RAMP1 
 
 DBGS2018-C1 
 DBGS 2018-C1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C1 
 
 DBJPM2016-C1 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C1 
 
 DBJPM2016-C3 
 DBJPM 2016-C3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C3 
 
 DBJPM2017-C6 
 DBJPM 2017-C6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C6 
 
 DBJPM2020-C9 
 DBJPM 2020-C9 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C9 
 
 DBUBS 11-LC3 
 DBUBS 2011-LC3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 DBWAACE2006GP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-GP1 Asset Backed Securities 
 
 DCOT2019-MTC 
 DC Office Trust 2019-MTC Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-MTC 
 
 DLJWABSCRFC2007HE1 
 Asset Backed Securities Corporation Home Equity Loan Trust, Series RFC 2007-HE1 Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series RFC 2007-HE1 
 
 DMARC2017-BRBK 
 DBUBS 2017-BRBK Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 DMARC2017-OT 
 Olympic Tower 2017-OT Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 DMARC2020-1MW 
 Manhattan West 2020-1MW Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 EBLMT 2013-1 
 EverBank Mortgage Loan Trust 2013-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-1 
 
 EBMLT 2013-2 
 EverBank Mortgage Loan Trust 2013-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-2 
 
 FASC2006-FF16 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF16 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FF16 
 
 FASC2006-FF8 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF8 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FF8 
 
 FF 2006-FF1 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF1 
 
 FF 2006-FFH1 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FFH1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FFH1 
 
 FFML 2006-FF11 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF11 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF11 
 
 FFML 2006-FF5 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF5 
 
 FFML 2006-FF7 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF7 
 
 FFML 2006-FF9 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF9 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF9 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2006-1 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2006-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2006-2 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2006-2, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2006-3 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2006-3, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2007-1 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2007-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FREMONT 2006-A 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-A, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-A 
 
 FREMONT 2006-B P1 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-B1, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-B1 
 
 FREMONT 2006-B P2 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-B2, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-B2 
 
 FREMONT 2006-C 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-C, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-C 
 
 FREMONT 2006-D 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-D, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-D 
 
 FREMONT 2006-E 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-E, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-E 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT2 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT3 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT3 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT4 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT4 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT4 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT5 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT5 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT5 
 
 GCMISV2007-WMC1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2007-WMC1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-WMC1 

Appendix A- 6 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 GMAC 2006-C1 
 GMAC Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C1 
 
 GRNPT 2006-AR1 
 GreenPoint Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 GRNPT 2006-AR2 
 GreenPoint Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 GRNPT 2006-AR3 
 GreenPoint Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 GS 2007-GG10 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-GG10 
 
 GSAA 2006-10 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-10, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-10 
 
 GSAA 2006-14 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-14, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-14 
 
 GSAA 2006-16 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-16, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-16 
 
 GSAA 2006-18 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-18, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-18 
 
 GSAA 2006-8 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-8, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-8 
 
 GSAA 2007-10 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-10, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-10 
 
 GSAA 2007-4 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-4, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 GSAA 2007-5 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-5, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 GSAA 2007-6 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-6, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 GSAA 2007-7 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-7, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 GSAA 2007-8 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-8, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-8 
 
 GSAA 2007-9 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-9, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-9 
 
 GSM2015-GC28 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-GC28 
 
 GSM2015-GS1 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-GS1 
 
 GSMC2006-12 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-12 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-12 
 
 GSMC20066 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-6 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-6 
 
 GSMC2006S3 
 GSAMP Trust 2006-S3 MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2006-S3 
 
 GSMCGSR2007HEL1 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corp. GSR Trust 2007-HEL 1, Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2007-HEL1 
 
 GSMS2013-CJ14 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GCJ14 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ12 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GCJ12 
 
 GSMS2014-GC18 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC18 
 
 GSMS2014-GC20 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC20 
 
 GSMS2014-GC22 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC22 
 
 GSMS2014-GC24 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC24 
 
 GSMS2015-590M 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation Trust 2015-590M, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2015-590M 
 
 GSMS2015-GC32 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-GC32 
 
 GSMS2016-GS2 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-GS2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GS2 
 
 GSMS2016-GS3 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-GS3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GS3 
 
 GSMS2016-GS4 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-GS4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GS4 
 
 GSMS2017-FARM 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation Trust 2017-FARM, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-FARM 
 
 GSMS2017-GS5 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS5 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-GS5 
 
 GSMS2017-GS6 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS6 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-GS6 
 
 GSMS2017-GS7 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-GS7 
 
 GSMS2017-GS8 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-GS8 
 
 GSMS2017-WWP 
 Worldwide Plaza Trust 2017-WWP Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-WWP 
 
 GSMS2018-GS10 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-GS10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-GS10 
 
 GSMS2018-GS9 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-GS9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-GS9 
 
 GSMS2019-101C 
 CALI Mortgage Trust 2019-101C Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-101C 
 
 GSMS2019-1633 
 BWAY Trust 2019-1633 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-1633 
 
 GSMS2019-GC38 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC38 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC38 
 
 GSMS2019-GC39 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC39 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC39 
 
 GSMS2019-GC40 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC40 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC40 
 
 GSMS2019-GC42 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC42 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC42 
 
 GSMS2019-GSA1 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GSA1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GSA1 
 
 GSMS2020-ABC 
 MOFT Trust 2020-ABC Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-ABC 
 
 GSMS2020-GC45 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-GC45 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-GC45 
 
 GSMS2020-GC47 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-GC47 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-GC47 
 
 GSMS2020-GSA2 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-GSA2 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2020-GSA2 
 
 GSMS2021-VR 
 BGME Trust 2021-VR Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-VR 
 
 GSMSC 12-GC6 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-GC6 
 
 GSMSC 12GCJ7 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-GCJ7 
 
 GSMSC 2013-GC10 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GC10 
 
 GSR 2006-5F 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-5F, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5F 
 
 GSR 2006-AR1 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 GSR 2006-AR2 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 GSR 2007-AR1 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 GSR 2007-AR2 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-AR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 HALO 2007-2 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 HALO 2007-AR2 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 HARBORVIEW 2007-2 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-2 Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 HARBORVIEW 2007-4 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-4 Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 HARBORVIEW 2007-7 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-7 Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 HASCO 2006-HE1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT2 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT3 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT3 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT4 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT4 
 
 HASCO 2006-WMC1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-WMC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 HASCO 2007-HE1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE1 

Appendix A- 7 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 HASCO 2007-HE2 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-HE2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 HASCO 2007-NC1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-NC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-NC1 
 
 HASCO 2007-WF1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-WF1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF1 
 
 HEAT 2006-1 
 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 HEAT2006-3 
 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 HEAT 2006-4 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-4 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 HEAT2006-5 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-5 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 HEAT 2006-6 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-6 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-6 
 
 HEAT2006-7 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-7 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 HEAT2006-8 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-8 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8 
 
 HEAT2007-1 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2007-1 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 HEAT2007-2 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2007-2 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 HELT2007-FRE1 
 Nationstar Funding LLC Home Equity Loan Trust 2007-FRE1 
 
 HEMT20061 
 Home Equity Mortgage Trust Series 2006-1 Home Equity Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 HEMT20063 
 Home Equity Mortgage Trust Series 2006-3 Home Equity Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 HEMT20064 
 Home Equity Mortgage Trust Series 2006-4 Home Equity Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 HSBAHALO2006-2 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2006-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 HSBAHALO2007-1 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 HSBAHALO2007-AR1 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 HSBAHALO2007-WF1 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-WF1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF1 
 
 HSBAHASCO2006HE2 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 HSBAHASCO2007-OPT 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-OPT1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OPT1 
 
 HUDSONYARDS2019-30HY 
 Hudson Yards 2019-30HY Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Hudson Yards 2019-30HY Mortgage Trust 
 
 ILPT2019-SURF 
 ILPT Trust 2019-SURF Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-SURF 
 
 JPM 2013-C12 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C12, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C12 
 
 JPM2013-C13 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C13, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C13 
 
 JPM2013-C14 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C14, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C14 
 
 JPM2013-C15 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C15, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C15 
 
 JPM2013-C16 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C16, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C16 
 
 JPM2014-C18 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C18, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C18 
 
 JPM2014-C19 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C19, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C19 
 
 JPM2014-C20 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C20, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C20 
 
 JPM2014-C21 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C21 
 
 JPM2014-C22 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C22, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C22 
 
 JPM2014-C23 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C23, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C23 
 
 JPM2014-C24 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C24, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C24 
 
 JPM2014-C26 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C26, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C26 
 
 JPM2015-C27 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C27, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C27 
 
 JPM2015-C28 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C28, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C28 
 
 JPM2015-C29 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C29, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C29 
 
 JPM2015-C30 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C30, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C30 
 
 JPM2015-C31 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C31 
 
 JPM2015-C32 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C32 
 
 JPM2015-C33 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C33, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C33 
 
 JPM2015-JP1 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-JP1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-JP1 
 
 JPM2016-C1 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-C1 
 
 JPMB2014-C25 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C25, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C25 
 
 JPMC 12-CIBX 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-CIBX, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-CIBX 
 
 JPMC 12-LC9 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-LC9, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-LC9 
 
 JPMC 13-LC11 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-LC11, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-LC11 

Appendix A- 8 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 JPMC 2011-C5 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2011-C5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2011-C5 
 
 JPMC 2012-C6 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-C6, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C6 
 
 JPMC 2012-C8 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-C8, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C8 
 
 JPMC 2013-C10 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C10, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C10 
 
 JPMC2013-C17 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C17, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C17 
 
 JPMC2015-HGLR 
 Houston Galleria Mall Trust 2015-HGLR, Commercial Mortgage Securities Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-HGLR 
 
 JPMC2015-WPG 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-WPG 
 
 JPMC 2016-CSTL 
 Shops at Crystals Trust 2016-CSTL Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CSTL 
 
 JPMC2016-HHV 
 Hilton USA Trust 2016-HHV Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-HHV 
 
 JPMC2016-JP2 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-JP2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-JP2 
 
 JPMC2016-JP4 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-JP4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-JP4 
 
 JPMC2016-NINE 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-NINE Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-NINE 
 
 JPMC2016-PLSD 
 Palisades Center Trust 2016-PLSD Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-PLSD 
 
 JPMC2017-245P 
 245 Park Avenue Trust 2017-245P Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-245P 
 
 JPMC2017-JP5 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-JP5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-JP5 
 
 JPMC2017-JP6 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-JP6, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017- JP6 
 
 JPMC2017-JP7 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-JP7 Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2017-JP7 
 
 JPMC2017-KNOX 
 West Town Mall Trust 2017-KNOX Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-KNOX 
 
 JPMC2018-AON 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-AON, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-AON 
 
 JPMC2018-AVM 
 Aventura Mall Trust 2018-AVM Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-AVM 
 
 JPMC2018-BCON 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-BCON Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BCON 
 
 JPMC2018-WPT 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-WPT Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-WPT 
 
 JPMC2019-COR4 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-COR4, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-COR4 
 
 JPMC2019-COR5 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-COR5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-COR5 
 
 JPMC2019-COR6 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-COR6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-COR6 
 
 JPMC2019-ICON 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-ICON, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-ICON 
 
 JPMC2019-ICON UES 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-ICON UES, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-ICON UES 
 
 JPMC2019-OSB 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-OSB Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-OSB 
 
 JPMC2020-LOOP 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-LOOP Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-LOOP 
 
 JPMC2020-NNN 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-NNN, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-NNN 
 
 JPMC2021-1MEM 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-1MEM Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-1MEM 
 
 JPMC2021-410T 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-410T Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-410T 
 
 JPMCC2016-JP3 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-JP3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-JP3 
 
 JPM CHAS 2007-CIBC18 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-CIBC18 
 
 JPM CHAS 2007-CIBC20 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-CIBC20 
 
 JPM CHASE 2007-C1 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, 2007-C1 Commercial Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C1 
 
 JPMDB2016-C2 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-C2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C2 
 
 JPMDB2016-C4 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-C4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C4 
 
 JPMDB 2017-C5 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-C5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C5 
 
 JPMDB2017-C7 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C7 
 
 JPMDB2018-C8 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-C8, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2018-C8 
 
 JPMDB2020-COR7 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-COR7, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-COR7 

Appendix A- 9 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 KREST2021-CHIP 
 KREST Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-CHIP, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-CHIP 
 
 LCCM2017-LC26 
 LCCM 2017-LC26 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-LC26 
 
 LEHMLMT20062 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 LEHMLMT20064 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 LEHMLMT20068 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 LEHMLMT20072 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 LEHMLMT20076 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-6 
 
 LEHMLMT20077 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-7 
 
 LEHMLMT20078 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-8 
 
 LEHMLXS200610N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-10N 
 
 LEHMLXS200611 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-11 
 
 LEHMLXS200612N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-12N 
 
 LEHMLXS200613 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-13 
 
 LEHMLXS200615 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-15 
 
 LEHMLXS200617 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-17 
 
 LEHMLXS200618N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-18N 
 
 LEHMLXS200619 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-19 
 
 LEHMLXS200620 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-20 
 
 LEHMLXS20063 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-3 
 
 LEHMLXS20065 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-5 
 
 LEHMLXS20067 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-7 
 
 LEHMLXS20068 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 LEHMLXS20071 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 LEHMLXS200711 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-11 
 
 LEHMLXS200712N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-12N 
 
 LEHMLXS200714H 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-14H 
 
 LEHMLXS200715N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-15N 
 
 LEHMLXS20072N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2N 
 
 LEHMLXS20073 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 LEHMLXS20074N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-4N 
 
 LEHMLXS20076 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-6 
 
 LEHMLXS20078H 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-8H 
 
 LEHMLXS20079 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-9 
 
 LEHMSARM200611 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-11 
 
 LEHMSARM200612 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-12 
 
 LEHMSARM200710 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-10 
 
 LEHMSARM20075 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 LEHMSARM20077 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 LEHMSARM20078 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-8 
 
 LEHMSASCO063H 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3H 
 
 LEHMSASCO2007BC2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC2 
 
 LEHMSASCO2007BC4 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC4 
 
 LMT 2006-5 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 LMT 2006-7 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 LMT 2007-10 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-10 
 
 LMT 2007-4 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 LMT 2007-5 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 LMT 2007-9 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-9 
 
 LMT 2008-2 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-2 
 
 LSTAR2017-5 
 LSTAR Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-5 
 
 LUMINENT 06-3 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-2 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-4 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-5 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-6 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-6, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-6 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-7 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-7, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 LUMINENT 2007-1 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 LUMINENT 2007-2 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 MABS 2006-AB1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-AB1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB1 
 
 MABS 2006-FRE1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-FRE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FRE1 
 
 MABS 2006-HE1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 MABS 2006-HE2 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 MABS 2006-HE3 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 MABS 2006-HE4 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE4 
 
 MABS 2006-HE5 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE5 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC2 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC2 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC3 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC3 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC4 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC4 
 
 MABS 2007-HE1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE1 
 
 MABS 2007-HE2 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-HE2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 MABS 2007-WMC1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-WMC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WMC1 
 
 MAD2015-11MD 
 MAD 2015-11MD Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MALT 2006-1 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 MALT 2006-2 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 MALT 2006-3 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2006-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 

Appendix A- 10 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 MALT 2007-1 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MALT 2007-HF1 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2007-HF1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HF1 
 
 MANA 2007-A1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-A1 
 
 MANA 2007-A2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-A2 
 
 MANA 2007-A3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-A3 
 
 MANA 2007-AF1 (I) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-AF1-I 
 
 MANA 2007-AF1 (II) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-AF1-II 
 
 MANA 2007-F1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-F1 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR1 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR2 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR3 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR4 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR4 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR5 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR5 
 
 MARM 2006-2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 MARM 2006-OA1 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2006-OA1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OA1 
 
 MARM 2006-OA2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2006-OA2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OA2 
 
 MARM 2007-1 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MARM 2007-2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 MARM 2007-3 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 MARM 2007-HF1 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-HF1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HF1 
 
 MARM 2007-HF2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-HF2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HF2 
 
 MASL 2006-1 
 MASTR Second Lien Trust 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 MASTR 2006-1 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 MASTR 2006-2 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 MASTR 2006-3 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2006-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 MASTR 2007-1 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MKT2020-525M 
 MKT 2020-525M Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-525M 
 
 MLCC 2006-1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2006-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2006-2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2006-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2006-3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2006-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2007-1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2007-2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2007-3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2007-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLMBS 2007-1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust, Series 2007-1 
 
 MLMBS 2007-2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust, Series 2007-2 
 
 MLMBS 2007-3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust, Series 2007-3 
 
 MLMI 2006-A1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A1 
 
 MLMI 2006-A2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A2 
 
 MLMI 2006-A3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A3 
 
 MLMI 2006-A4 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A4 
 
 MLMI 2006-AF1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-AF1 
 
 MLMI 2006-AF2 (I) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-AF2-I 
 
 MLMI 2006-AF2 (II) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-AF2-II 
 
 MLMI 2006-F1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-F1 
 
 MLMI2006FM1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FM1 
 
 MLMI 2006-HE1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 MLMI2006HE2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 MLMI2006HE3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 MLMI 2006-OPT1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 MLMI2006RM1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-RM1 
 
 MLMI2006SL1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL1 
 
 MLMI2006SL2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL2 
 
 MLMI 2006-WMC1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 MLMI2006WMC2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-WMC2 
 
 MLMI2007HE2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 MOFT2020-B6 
 MOFT 2020-B6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MORG2012C5 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2012-C5 
 
 MORG2013C7 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2013-C7 
 
 MRCD2019-PARK 
 MRCD 2019-PARK Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-PARK 
 
 MRGN2006HE3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 MRGN2006HE4 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE4 
 
 MRGN2006HE5 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE5 
 
 MRGN2006HE6 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE6 
 
 MRGN2006HE7 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE7 
 
 MRGN20071 
 Morgan Stanley Home Equity Loan Trust 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MRGN2007HE2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 MRGN2007HE3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE3 
 
 MSAC 2006-HE1 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 MSAC 2006-HE2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 MSAC 2006-HE8 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE8 
 
 MSAC 2006-WMC1 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-WMC1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 MSAC 2006-WMC2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-WMC2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC2 
 
 MSAC 2007-HE5 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE5 
 
 MSAC 2007-HE6 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE6 
 
 MSAC 2007-HE7 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE7 

Appendix A- 11 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 MSBAM 12-C6 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2012-C6, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C6 
 
 MSBAM 13-C8 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C8, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C8 
 
 MSBAM 13-C9 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C9, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C9 
 
 MSBAM14-C19 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C19, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C19 
 
 MSBAM15-C23 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C23, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C23 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C10 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C10, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C10 
 
 MSBAM2013-C11 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C11, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C11 
 
 MSBAM2013-C12 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C12, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C12 
 
 MSBAM2013-C13 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C13, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C13 
 
 MSBAM2014-C14 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C14, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C14 
 
 MSBAM2014-C15 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C15, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C15 
 
 MSBAM2014C17 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2014-C17 
 
 MSBAM2015-C20 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C20, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C20 
 
 MSBAM2015-C21 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C21, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C21 
 
 MSBAM2015-C22 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C22, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C22 
 
 MSBAM2015-C24 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C24, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C24 
 
 MSBAM2015-C26 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C26, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C26 
 
 MSBAM2015-C27 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C27, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C27 
 
 MSBAM2016-C28 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C28, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C28 
 
 MSBAM2016-C29 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C29, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-C29 
 
 MSBAM2016-C30 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C30 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C30 
 
 MSBAM2016-C31 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C31 
 
 MSBAM2016-C32 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C33 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2017-C33, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C33 
 
 MSBAM2017-C34 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2017-C34, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C34 
 
 MSC2015-MS1 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2015-MS1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-MS1 
 
 MSC2016-BNK2 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-BNK2, Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2016-BNK2 
 
 MSC2017-BNK5 
 BANK 2017-BNK5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK5 
 
 MSC2017-BNK8 
 BANK 2017-BNK8 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2017-BNK8 
 
 MSC2017-H1 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2017-H1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-H1 
 
 MSC2017-HR2 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2017-HR2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-HR2 
 
 MSC2018-BNK14 
 BANK 2018-BNK14 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK14 
 
 MSC2018-H3 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-H3, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-H3 
 
 MSC2018-H4 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-H4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-H4 
 
 MSC2018-L1 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-L1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-L1 
 
 MSC2019-BNK17 
 BANK 2019-BNK17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK17 
 
 MSC2019-BNK20 
 BANK 2019-BNK20 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK20 
 
 MSC2019-H6 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-H6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-H6 
 
 MSC2019-H7 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-H7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-H7 
 
 MSC2019-L2 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-L2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-L2 
 
 MSC2019-L3 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-L3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-L3 
 
 MSC2020-HR8 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2020-HR8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-HR8 
 
 MSC2020-L4 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2020-L4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-L4 
 
 MSC2021-L5 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-L5 Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates Series 2021-L5 
 
 MSC2021-L6 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-L6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-L6 
 
 MSC2021-L7 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-L7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-L7 
 
 MSC2021-PLZA 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-PLZA Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-PLZA 
 
 MSCC 11-C3 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2011-C3 
 
 MSCC 12-C4 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C4 
 
 MSCFG2015-ALDR 
 MSCCG Trust 2015-ALDR Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-ALDR 
 
 MSCI 2007-IQ15 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-IQ15 
 
 MSCI2015-UBS8 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2015-UBS8, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-UBS8 
 
 MSCI2016-PSQ 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-PSQ Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-PSQ 

Appendix A- 12 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 MSCI2016-UBS11 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS11, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-UBS11 
 
 MSCI2016-UBS12 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS12, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-UBS12 
 
 MSCI2016-UBS9 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-UBS9 
 
 MSCI2017-237P 
 MSSG Trust 2017-237P, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-237P 
 
 MSCI2017-CC 
 BXP Trust 2017-CC Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CC 
 
 MSCI2017-GM 
 BXP Trust 2017-GM, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-GM 
 
 MSCI2018-MP 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-MP Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-MP 
 
 MSCI2020-CNP 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2020-CNP Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-CNP 
 
 MSM 2006-11 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-11 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-11 
 
 MSM 2006-3AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-3AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3AR 
 
 MSM 2006-5AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-5AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5AR 
 
 MSM 2006-6AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-6AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-6AR 
 
 MSM 2006-7 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 MSM 2006-8AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-8AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8AR 
 
 MSM 2007-12 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-12 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-12 
 
 MSM 2007-13 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-13 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-13 
 
 MSM 2007-14AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-14AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-14AR 
 
 MSSTI 2007-1 
 Morgan Stanley Structured Trust I 2007-1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AF1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AF1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AF2 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AF2 
 
 NAAC 2006-AP1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AP1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR2 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR3 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR4 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 NAAC 2006-WF1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF1 
 
 NAAC 2007-1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 NAAC 2007-2 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 NAAC 2007-3 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 NCMS2017-75B 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-75B Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-75B 
 
 NCMS2018-ALXA 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-ALXA, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-ALXA 
 
 NCMS2018-OSS 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-OSS Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2018-OSS 
 
 NCMS2018-TSQ 
 20 Times Square Trust 2018-20TS, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-20TS 
 
 NCMS2019-10K 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-10K, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-10K 
 
 NCMS2019-FAME 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-FAME, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-FAME 
 
 NCMS2019-LVL 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-LVL, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-LVL 
 
 NCMS2019-NEMA 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-NEMA, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-NEMA 
 
 NCMT 2008-1 
 National City Mortgage Capital Trust 2008-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-1 
 
 NEWCASTLE 2007-1 
 New Castle Mortgage Securities Trust 2007-1 Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2007-1 
 
 NHEL 2006-AF1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-AF1 
 
 NHEL 2006-FM1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FM1 
 
 NHEL 2006-FM2 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FM2 
 
 NHEL 2006-HE1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 NHEL 2006-HE2 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 NHEL 2006-HE3 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 NHEL 2006-WF1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-WF1 
 
 NHEL 2007-1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 NHEL 2007-2 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 NHEL 2007-3 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 NRPMT2013-1 
 NRP Mortgage Trust 2013-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2006-1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2006-2 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 OPTION ONE 2006-3 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-2 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-3 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-4 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-4 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-5 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-5 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-6 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-6 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-CP1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-CP1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-CP1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-FXD1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-FXD1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-FXD1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-FXD2 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-FXD2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-FXD2 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-HL1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-HL1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-HL1 
 
 OWNIT 2006-2 
 OWNIT Mortgage Loan Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 PC 2006-1 
 People's Financial Realty Mortgage Securities Trust Series 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 PHH 2008-CIM1 
 PHH Mortgage Trust, Series 2008-CIM1 Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2008-CIM1 
 
 PHH 2008-CIM2 
 PHH Mortgage Trust, Series 2008-CIM2 Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2008-CIM2 

Appendix A- 13 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 PHHAM 2007-1 
 PHH Alternative Mortgage Trust, Series 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 PHHAM 2007-2 
 PHH Alternative Mortgage Trust, Series 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 PHHAM 2007-3 
 PHH Alternative Mortgage Trust, Series 2007-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 PRIME 2006-1 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 PRIME 2006-CL1 
 Prime Mortgage Trust 2006-CL1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-CL1 
 
 RBSCF2013-GSP 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc. 2013-GSP Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GSP 
 
 RBSGC 2007-B 
 RBSGC Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-B, Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-B 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-1 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-2 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-3 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-4 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2007-1 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2007-2 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2007-3 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 RFCO2006EFC1 
 Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-EFC1 
 
 RFCO2006EFC2 
 Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-EFC2 
 
 RFCO2006EMX1 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX1 
 
 RFCO2006EMX2 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX2 
 
 RFCO2006EMX3 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX3 
 
 RFCO2006EMX4 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX4 
 
 RFCO2006EMX5 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX5 
 
 RFCO2006EMX6 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX6 
 
 RFCO2006EMX7 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX7 
 
 RFCO2006EMX8 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX8 
 
 RFCO2006EMX9 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX9 
 
 RFCO2006HI1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HI1 
 
 RFCO2006HI2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HI2 
 
 RFCO2006HI3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Notes Series 2006-HI3 
 
 RFCO2006HI4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan Trust 2006-HI4 
 
 RFCO2006HI5 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HI5 
 
 RFCO2006HSA1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Equity Loan Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-HSA1 
 
 RFCO2006HSA2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Equity Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HSA2 
 
 RFCO2006HSA3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Equity Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HSA3 
 
 RFCO2006KS1 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS1 
 
 RFCO2006KS2 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS2 
 
 RFCO2006KS3 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS3 
 
 RFCO2006KS4 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS4 
 
 RFCO2006KS5 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS5 
 
 RFCO2006KS6 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS6 
 
 RFCO2006KS7 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS7 
 
 RFCO2006KS8 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS8 
 
 RFCO2006KS9 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS9 
 
 RFCO2006NC1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-NC1 
 
 RFCO2006NC2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-NC2 
 
 RFCO2006NC3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-NC3 
 
 RFCO2006QA1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA1 
 
 RFCO2006QA10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA10 
 
 RFCO2006QA11 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA11 
 
 RFCO2006QA2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA2 
 
 RFCO2006QA3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA3 
 
 RFCO2006QA4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA4 
 
 RFCO2006QA5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA5 
 
 RFCO2006QA6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA6 
 
 RFCO2006QA7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA7 
 
 RFCO2006QA8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA8 
 
 RFCO2006QA9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA9 
 
 RFCO2006QH1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QH1 
 
 RFCO2006QO1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO1 
 
 RFCO2006QO10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO10 
 
 RFCO2006QO2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO2 
 
 RFCO2006QO3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO3 
 
 RFCO2006QO4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO4 
 
 RFCO2006QO5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO5 
 
 RFCO2006QO6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO6 
 
 RFCO2006QO7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO7 
 
 RFCO2006QO8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO8 
 
 RFCO2006QO9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO9 

Appendix A- 14 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 RFCO2006QS1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS1 
 
 RFCO2006QS10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS10 
 
 RFCO2006QS11 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS11 
 
 RFCO2006QS12 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS12 
 
 RFCO2006QS13 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS13 
 
 RFCO2006QS14 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS14 
 
 RFCO2006QS15 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS15 
 
 RFCO2006QS16 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS16 
 
 RFCO2006QS17 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS17 
 
 RFCO2006QS18 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS18 
 
 RFCO2006QS2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS2 
 
 RFCO2006QS3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS3 
 
 RFCO2006QS4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS4 
 
 RFCO2006QS5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS5 
 
 RFCO2006QS6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS6 
 
 RFCO2006QS7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS7 
 
 RFCO2006QS8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS8 
 
 RFCO2006QS9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS9 
 
 RFCO2006RS1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS1 
 
 RFCO2006RS2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS2 
 
 RFCO2006RS3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS3 
 
 RFCO2006RS4 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS4 
 
 RFCO2006RS5 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS5 
 
 RFCO2006RS6 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS6 
 
 RFCO2006RZ1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ1 
 
 RFCO2006RZ2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ2 
 
 RFCO2006RZ3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ3 
 
 RFCO2006RZ4 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ4 
 
 RFCO2006RZ5 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ5 
 
 RFCO2006S1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S1 
 
 RFCO2006S10 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S10 
 
 RFCO2006S11 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S11 
 
 RFCO2006S12 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S12 
 
 RFCO2006S2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S2 
 
 RFCO2006S3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S3 
 
 RFCO2006S4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S4 
 
 RFCO2006S5 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S5 
 
 RFCO2006S6 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S6 
 
 RFCO2006S7 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S7 
 
 RFCO2006S8 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S8 
 
 RFCO2006S9 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S9 
 
 RFCO2006SA1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA1 
 
 RFCO2006SA2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA2 
 
 RFCO2006SA3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA3 
 
 RFCO2006SA4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA4 
 
 RFCO2006SP1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SP1 
 
 RFCO2006SP2 
 RESIDENTIAL ASSET MORTGAGE PRODUCTS, INC. MORTGAGE ASSET-BACKED PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2006-SP2 
 
 RFCO2006SP3 
 RESIDENTIAL ASSET MORTGAGE PRODUCTS, INC. MORTGAGE ASSET-BACKED PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2006-SP3 
 
 RFCO2006SP4 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SP4 
 
 RFCO2007EMX1 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-EMX1 
 
 RFCO2007HI1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Notes Series 2007-HI1 
 
 RFCO2007KS1 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS1 
 
 RFCO2007KS2 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS2 
 
 RFCO2007KS3 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS3 
 
 RFCO2007KS4 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS4 
 
 RFCO2007QA1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA1 
 
 RFCO2007QA2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA2 
 
 RFCO2007QA3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA3 
 
 RFCO2007QA4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA4 
 
 RFCO2007QA5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA5 
 
 RFCO2007QH1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH1 
 
 RFCO2007QH2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH2 
 
 RFCO2007QH3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH3 
 
 RFCO2007QH4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH4 
 
 RFCO2007QH5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH5 
 
 RFCO2007QH6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH6 
 
 RFCO2007QH7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH7 
 
 RFCO2007QH8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH8 
 
 RFCO2007QH9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH9 
 
 RFCO2007QO1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO1 

Appendix A- 15 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 RFCO2007QO2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO2 
 
 RFCO2007QO3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO3 
 
 RFCO2007QO4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO4 
 
 RFCO2007QO5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO5 
 
 RFCO2007QS1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS1 
 
 RFCO2007QS10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS10 
 
 RFCO2007QS11 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS11 
 
 RFCO2007QS2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS2 
 
 RFCO2007QS3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS3 
 
 RFCO2007QS4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS4 
 
 RFCO2007QS5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS5 
 
 RFCO2007QS6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS6 
 
 RFCO2007QS7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS7 
 
 RFCO2007QS8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS8 
 
 RFCO2007QS9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS9 
 
 RFCO2007RS1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-Rs1 
 
 RFCO2007RS2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-Rs2 
 
 RFCO2007RZ1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-RZ1 
 
 RFCO2007S1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S1 
 
 RFCO2007S2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S2 
 
 RFCO2007S3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S3 
 
 RFCO2007S4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S4 
 
 RFCO2007S5 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S5 
 
 RFCO2007S6 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S6 
 
 RFCO2007S7 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S7 
 
 RFCO2007S8 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S8 
 
 RFCO2007S9 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S9 
 
 RFCO2007SA1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA1 
 
 RFCO2007SA2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA2 
 
 RFCO2007SA3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA3 
 
 RFCO2007SA4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA4 
 
 RFCO2007SP1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SP1 
 
 RFCO2007SP2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SP2 
 
 RFCO2007SP3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SP3 
 
 SABR 2006-FR1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FR1 
 
 SABR 2006-FR2 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FR2 
 
 SABR 2006-FR3 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FR3 
 
 SABR 2006-HE1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-HE1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 SABR 2006-HE2 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 SABR 2006-NC1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-NC1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-NC1 
 
 SABR 2006-OP1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-OP1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OP1 
 
 SABR 2006-WM1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-WM1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WM1 
 
 SABR 2006-WM2 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-WM2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WM2 
 
 SABR2006-WM3 
 SECURITIZED ASSET BACKED RECEIVABLES LLC TRUST 2006-WM3 MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2006-WM3 
 
 SACO 2007-1 
 SACO I Trust Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 SAIL 2006-1 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 SAIL 2006-2 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 SAIL 2006-3 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 SAIL 2006-4 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR1 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR2 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR3 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR4 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR5 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR8 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR8 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR1 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR2 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR3 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR4 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR5 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR6 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR6 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR7 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR7 
 
 SARM 2006-1 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 SARM 2006-2 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 SARM 2006-3 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 SARM 2006-4 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 SARM 2006-5 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 

Appendix A- 16 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 SARM 2006-7 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 SARM 2006-8 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8 
 
 SARM 2007-11 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-11 
 
 SARM 2007-3 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 SARM 2007-4 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 SARM 2007-6 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 SARM 2007-9 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-9 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC1 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC2 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC3 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC3 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC5 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC5 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC6 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC6 
 
 SASCO 2006-OPT1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 SASCO 2006-WF1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF1 
 
 SASCO 2006-WF2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF2 
 
 SASCO 2006-WF3 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF3 
 
 SASCO 2007-BC1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC1 
 
 SASCO 2007-BC3 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC3 
 
 SASCO 2007-WF1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF1 
 
 SASCO 2007-WF2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF2 
 
 SEMT 2012-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2012-5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-5 
 
 SEMT 2012-6 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2012-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-6 
 
 SEMT 2013-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-2 
 
 SEMT 2013-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-3 
 
 SEMT 2013-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-4 
 
 SEMT 2013-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-5 
 
 SEMT 2013-6 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-6 
 
 SEMT 2013-7 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-7 
 
 SEQUOIA 2006-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2006-1 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-1 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-2 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-3 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-4 
 
 SGCMS2016-C5 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C5 
 
 SGCMS2019-787E 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-787E, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-787E 
 
 SGCMS2019-PREZ 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-PREZ, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-PREZ 
 
 SGCMS2020-COVE 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-COVE, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-COVE 
 
 SGMS 2006-FRE1 
 SG Mortgage Securities Trust 2006-FRE1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FRE1 
 
 SGMS 2006-FRE2 
 SG Mortgage Securities Trust 2006-FRE2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FRE2 
 
 SGMS 2006-OPT2 
 SG Mortgage Securities Trust 2006-OPT2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 SMTS2013-10 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-10 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-10 
 
 SMTS2013-11 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-11 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-11 
 
 SMTS2013-12 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-12 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-12 
 
 SMTS2013-8 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-8 
 
 SMTS2013-9 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-9 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-9 
 
 SMTS2014-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-1 
 
 SMTS2014-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-2 
 
 SMTS2014-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-3 
 
 SMTS2014-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-4 
 
 SMTS2015-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-1 
 
 SMTS2015-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-2 
 
 SMTS2015-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-3 
 
 SMTS2015-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-4 
 
 SMTS2016-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2016-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-1 
 
 SMTS20162 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2016-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-2 
 
 SMTS2016-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2016-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-3 
 
 SMTS2017-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-1 
 
 SMTS2017-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-2 Mortgage Pass-through Certificates, Series 2017-2 
 
 SMTS2017-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-3 
 
 SMTS2017-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-4 
 
 SMTS2017-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-5 
 
 SMTS2017-6 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-6 

Appendix A- 17 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long
 Name 
 
 SMTS2017-7 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2017-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-7 
 
 SMTS2017-CH1 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2017-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CH1 
 
 SMTS2017-CH2 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2017-CH2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CH1 
 
 SMTS2018-1 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2017-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-1 
 
 SMTS2018-2 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-1 
 
 SMTS2018-3 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-3 
 
 SMTS2018-4 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-4 
 
 SMTS2018-5 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-5 
 
 SMTS2018-6 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-6 
 
 SMTS2018-7 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-7 
 
 SMTS2018-8 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-8 
 
 SMTS2018-CH1 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH1 
 
 SMTS2018-CH2 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-CH2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH2 
 
 SMTS2018-CH3 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-CH3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH3 
 
 SMTS2018-CH4 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2018-CH4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH4 
 
 SMTS2019-1 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-1 
 
 SMTS2019-2 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-2 
 
 SMTS2019-3 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-3 
 
 SMTS2019-4 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-4 
 
 SMTS2019-5 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-5 
 
 SMTS2019-CH1 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-CH1 
 
 SMTS2019-CH2 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-CH2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-CH2 
 
 SMTS2019-CH3 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2019-CH3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-CH3 
 
 SMTS2020-1 
 Redwood
 SEMT 2020-1 
 
 SMTS2020-2 
 Redwood
 SEMT 2020-2 
 
 SMTS2020-3 
 Redwood
 SEMT 2020-3 
 
 SMTS2020-4 
 SEQUOIA
 MORTGAGE TRUST 2020-4 
 
 SMTS2020-5 
 Sequoia
 Mortgage Trust 2020-5 
 
 SMTS2020-MC1 
 Sequoia
 Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-1 
 Sequoia
 Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-2 
 Sequoia
 Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-3 
 Sequoia
 Residential Funding, Inc. Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2021-3 
 
 SMTS2021-4 
 Sequoia
 Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-5 
 Sequoia
 Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-6 
 SEQUOIA
 RESIDENTIAL FUNDING, INC. 
 
 SMTS2021-7 
 SEQUOIA
 RESIDENTIAL FUNDING, INC. 
 
 SMTS2021-8 
 Sequoia
 Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 STARM 2007-2 
 STARM
 Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 STARM 2007-3 
 STARM
 Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 SV 2007-OPT1 
 Soundview
 Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT1 
 
 SV 2007-OPT2 
 Soundview
 Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT2 
 
 SV 2007-OPT3 
 Soundview
 Home Loan Trust 2007-0PT3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-0PT3 
 
 SV 2007-OPT4 
 Soundview
 Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT4 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT4 
 
 SV 2007-OPT5 
 Soundview
 Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT5 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT5 
 
 UBS2017-C1 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C1 Series 2017-C1 
 
 UBS2017-C2 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C2 Series 2017-C2 
 
 UBS2017-C3 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C3 Series 2017-C3 
 
 UBS2017-C4 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C4 Series 2017-C4 
 
 UBS2017-C5 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C5 
 
 UBS2017-C6 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C6 Series 2017-C6 
 
 UBS2017-C7 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C7 
 
 UBS 2018-C10 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C10 
 
 UBS2018-C11 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C11 
 
 UBS2018-C12 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C12 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C12 
 
 UBS2018-C13 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C13 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C13 
 
 UBS2018-C14 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C14 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C14 
 
 UBS2018-C15 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C15 
 
 UBS2018-C8 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C8 
 
 UBS2018-C9 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C9 
 
 UBS2019-C16 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C16 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-C16 
 
 UBS2019-C17 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-C17 
 
 UBS2019-C18 
 UBS
 Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C18, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-C18 
 
 VNDO TRUST 2016-350P 
 VNDO
 Trust 2016-350P Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-350P 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C23 
 Wachovia
 Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C23 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C27 
 Wachovia
 Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C27 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C28 
 Wachovia
 Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C28 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C29 
 Wachovia
 Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C29 

Appendix A- 18 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-30 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-30 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C31 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C31 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C32 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C32 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C33 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C33 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C34 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C34 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA1 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA1 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA1 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA2 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA2 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA2 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA3 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA3 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA3 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA4 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA4 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA4 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA5 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA5 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA5 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA6 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA6 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA6 
 
 WFCM 12-LC5 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-LC5 
 
 WFCM2014-LC16 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-LC16 
 
 WFCM2014-LC18 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-LC18 
 
 WFCM2015-C26 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C26 
 
 WFCM2015-C27 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C27 
 
 WFCM2015-C28 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C28 
 
 WFCM2015-C29 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C29 
 
 WFCM2015-C30 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C30 
 
 WFCM2015-C31 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C31 
 
 WFCM2015-LC20 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-LC20 
 
 WFCM2015-LC22 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-LC22 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS1 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS2 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS2 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS3 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS3 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS4 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS4 
 
 WFCM2015-P2 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-P2 
 
 WFCM 2015-SG1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-SG1 
 
 WFCM2016-BNK1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-BNK1 
 
 WFCM2016-C32 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 
 
 WFCM2016-C33 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C33, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C33 
 
 WFCM2016-C34 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C34, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C34 
 
 WFCM2016-C35 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2016-C35 
 
 WFCM2016-C36 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C36 
 
 WFCM2016-C37 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C37, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C37 
 
 WFCM2016-LC24 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-LC24 
 
 WFCM2016-LC25 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-LC25 
 
 WFCM2016-NXS5 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-NXS5 
 
 WFCM2016-NXS6 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-NXS6 
 
 WFCM2017-BNK4 
 BANK 2017-BNK4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK4 
 
 WFCM2017-BNK7 
 BANK 2017-BNK7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK7 

Appendix A- 19 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 WFCM2017-C38 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C38, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C38 
 
 WFCM2017-C39 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C39, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C39 
 
 WFCM2017-C40 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C40, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2017-C40 
 
 WFCM2017-C41 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C41, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2017-C41 
 
 WFCM2017-C42 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C42, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C42 
 
 WFCM2017-RB1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-RB1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-RB1 
 
 WFCM2017-RC1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-RC1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-RC1 
 
 WFCM2018-1745 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-1745, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-1745 
 
 WFCM2018-BNK10 
 BANK 2018-BNK10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK10 
 
 WFCM2018-BNK13 
 BANK 2018-BNK13 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK13 
 
 WFCM2018-C43 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C43, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2018-C43 
 
 WFCM2018-C44 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C44, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C44 
 
 WFCM2018-C45 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C45, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C45 
 
 WFCM2018-C46 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C46, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C46 
 
 WFCM2018-C47 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C47, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C47 
 
 WFCM2018-C48 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C48, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C48 
 
 WFCM2019-55HY 
 Hudson Yards 2019-55HY Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFCM2019-BNK16 
 BANK 2019-BNK16 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK16 
 
 WFCM2019-BNK19 
 BANK 2019-BNK19 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK19 
 
 WFCM2019-BNK22 
 BANK 2019-BNK22 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK22 
 
 WFCM2019-C49 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C49, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C49 
 
 WFCM2019-C50 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C50, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C50 
 
 WFCM2019-C51 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C51, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C51 
 
 WFCM2019-C52 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C52, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C52 
 
 WFCM2019-C53 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C53, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C53 
 
 WFCM2019-C54 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C54, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C54 
 
 WFCM2020-BNK25 
 BANK 2020-BNK25 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK25 
 
 WFCM2020-C55 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C55, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C55 
 
 WFCM2020-C56 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C56, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C56 
 
 WFCM2020-C57 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C57 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C57 
 
 WFCM2020-C58 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C58 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C58 
 
 WFCM2021-BNK34 
 BANK 2021-BNK34 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-BNK34 
 
 WFCM2021-C59 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2021-C59 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C59 
 
 WFCM2021-C60 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2021-C60 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C60 
 
 WFCMT 2013-LC12 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-LC12 
 
 WFHET 2006-1 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2006-1 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 WFHET 2006-2 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2006-2 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 WFHET 2006-3 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2006-3 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 WFHET 2007-1 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2007-1 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 WFHET 2007-2 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2007-2 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 WFMBS 06-AR1 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 WFMBS 06-AR4 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 WFMBS 06-AR5 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 WFMBS 2006-20 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-20 
 
 WFMBS 2006-7 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR11 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR11 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR12 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-AR12 

Appendix A- 20 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 Wells Fargo Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR13 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR13 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR14 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR14 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR15 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR15 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR16 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR16 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR19 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR19 
 
 WFMBS 2007-15 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-15 
 
 WFMBS 2007-17 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-17 
 
 WFMBS 2007-7 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR10 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR10 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR3 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR4 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR5 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR6 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR6 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR7 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR7 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR8 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR8 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR9 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR9 
 
 WFMBS 2008-AR1 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-AR1 
 
 WFMBS 2008-AR2 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-AR2 
 
 WFMBS2018-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2018-1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-2 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-3 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-3 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-4 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-4 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2019-4 
 
 WFMBS2020-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-1 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-1 
 
 WFMBS2020-2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-2 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-2 
 
 WFMBS2020-3 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-3 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-3 
 
 WFMBS2020-4 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-4 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-4 
 
 WFMBS2020-5 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-5 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-5 
 
 WFMBS2020-RR1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-RR1 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-RR1 
 
 WFMBS2021-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-1 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-1 
 
 WFMBS2021-2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-2 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2021-INV1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-INV1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2021-RR1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-RR1 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFRBS 11-C5 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2011-C5 
 
 WFRBS 12-C10 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C10 
 
 WFRBS 12-C6 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C6 
 
 WFRBS 12-C7 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C7 
 
 WFRBS 12-C8 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C8 
 
 WFRBS 12-C9 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C9 
 
 WFRBS 13-C11 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C11 
 
 WFRBS 13-C12 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C12 
 
 WFRBS 13-C13 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C13 
 
 WFRBS 13-C14 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C14 
 
 WFRBS2013-C15 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C15 
 
 WFRBS2013-C16 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C16 
 
 WFRBS2013-C17 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C17 
 
 WFRBS2013-C18 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C18 
 
 WFRBS2013-UBS1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-UBS1 
 
 WFRBS2014-C19 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C19 
 
 WFRBS2014-C20 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C20 
 
 WFRBS2014-C21 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C21 
 
 WFRBS2014-C22 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C22 
 
 WFRBS2014-C23 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C23 
 
 WFRBS2014-C24 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C24 
 
 WFRBS2014-C25 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C25 
 
 WFRBS2014-LC14 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-LC14 
 
 WMCMWMC20061 
 GE-WMC Mortgage Securities LLC Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 

Appendix A- 21 

Appendix B to the Company s Assessment of
Compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria 

 Wells Fargo s transfer of its roles on the Document
Custody Platform transactions to Computershare is ongoing. As of the beginning of the Period, Wells Fargo has not transferred to Computershare
its document custody related roles, and the duties, rights, and liabilities for such roles, under the relevant agreements for any of the
Document Custody Platform transactions. During the Period, for all the Document Custody Platform transactions, Wells Fargo engaged Computershare
as a subservicer 1 to perform virtually all of Wells Fargo s obligations under the transaction agreements. As a result,
the Company has determined that Computershare is a party participating in the servicing function with respect to the Document Custody
Platform and the applicable servicing criteria relevant to the servicing activities performed by Computershare for the Document Custody
Platform (the Computershare Applicable Servicing Criteria ). Accordingly, Computershare is taking, and Wells Fargo
is not taking, responsibility for assessing Computershare s compliance with the Computershare Applicable Servicing Criteria for
the Document Custody Platform, as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

_____________________ 

 1 In this Assessment, the term subservicer 
means agent. 

Appendix B- 1 

</EX-33.23>

<EX-33.26>
 10
 ex3326.htm

Computershare 
9062 Old Annapolis Road 
Columbia,
Maryland 21045 
www.computershare.com 

ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE SERVICING
CRITERIA 
Computershare Corporate Trust- Document Custody Platform 

 The management Management of the Computershare Corporate Trust division of Computershare Trust Company, National Association (the Company is responsible for assessing the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation
AB of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Management has determined that the servicing criteria are applicable to the servicing platform
for the period as follows: 

 Purchase of corporate trust business. On November
1, 2021, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Wells Fargo and certain of its affiliates sold substantially all of its Corporate
Trust Services CTS division to the Company, Computershare Delaware Trust Company CDTC ), and
Computershare Limited Computershare Limited, and collectively with the Company and CDTC, Computershare ).
Virtually all CTS employees of Wells Fargo, along with most existing CTS systems, technology, and offices transferred to Computershare
as part of the sale. 

 For the Document Custody Platform (defined below)
transactions and during the Period, the Company either (i) served directly in the related document custody services role (collectively,
the Document Custody Platform Role ), or (ii) served as agent for Wells Fargo who remained in the related Document
Custody Platform Role. More specifically, since its acquisition of the Wells Fargo CTS business on November 1, 2021, the Company has closed
new Document Custody transactions for which, during all or a portion of the Period, it performed the related Document Custody Platform
Role directly (the Company s Direct Role Transactions ). The Company s Direct Role Transactions comprise
a small percentage of the overall Document Custody Platform transactions. For a significant majority of Document Custody Platform transactions,
the Company served, during all or a portion of the Period, as agent for Wells Fargo who remained in the related Document Custody Platform
Role (the Company s Agent Role Transactions ). Wells Fargo had not, as of the beginning of the Period, transferred
to Computershare the Document Custody Platform Role for the Company s Agent Role Transactions, and therefore the Company performed,
during all or a portion of the Period, virtually all of Wells Fargo s contractual duties for such transactions as its agent. As
a result, for the Company s Agent Role Transactions, the Company and Wells Fargo have determined that the Company is a party participating
in the servicing function with respect to the Document Custody Platform, and accordingly, the Company is taking responsibility for assessing
its compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria (defined below) relevant to the servicing activities performed by the Company for
the Document Custody Platform, as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

 Period: As of January 1, 2022 through and including December 31,
2022 (the Period ). 

 Platform: The platform consists of residential
mortgage-backed securities RMBS transactions, commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS transactions, and other asset-backed securities ABS transactions, in each case for which the Company provides document
custody services, either directly in the related role for such services or as the agent of the party performing such services, and for
which either (a) some or all of the issued securities for such RMBS, CMBS, and ABS transactions were publicly offered on or after January
1, 2006 pursuant to a registration statement delivered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or (b) the issued securities for
such RMBS, CMBS, and ABS transactions were privately offered on or after January 1, 2006 

1 

pursuant to an exemption from registration and
the Company (and/or the party for whom it acts as agent) has an obligation under the transaction agreements to deliver an assessment
of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria under Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB; provided however that, the platform excludes
any transactions for which the offered securities were issued, sponsored and/or guaranteed by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S.
government or any government-sponsored entity, other than certain RMBS transactions for which the offered securities were issued, sponsored
and/or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company (the Document Custody Platform ). Appendix A identifies
the individual transactions defined by Management as constituting the Document Custody Platform for the Period. 

 Applicable Servicing Criteria: Management
has determined that the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(iv), 1122(d)(4)(i), 1122(d)(4)(ii) and 1122(d)(4)(iii)
are applicable to the Company s obligations, or the obligations of the party for whom the Company ultimately acts as agent, in
either case under the related transaction agreements with respect to the Document Custody Platform for the Period (as applicable, the
 Company s Obligations provided however that, with respect to the Document Custody Platform, servicing criterion
1122(d)(4)(iii) is applicable only as it relates to the Company s Obligation to review and maintain the required loan documents
related to any additions, removals or substitutions in accordance with the transaction agreements (the Applicable Servicing
Criteria ). Management has determined that all other servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) are not applicable to the
Company s Obligations with respect to the Document Custody Platform for the Period. 

 Third parties classified
as vendors: With respect to servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(i) and 1122(d)(4)(ii), for certain ABS transactions included in the Document
Custody Platform, the Company has engaged a vendor to handle certain aspects of maintaining and safeguarding pool assets, the security
thereon, and related documents as required by such servicing criteria. Management has determined that the vendor is not considered a servicer 
as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and Management elects to take responsibility for assessing compliance with the portion of
servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(i) and 1122(d)(4)(ii) applicable to this vendor as permitted by the SEC s Compliance
and Disclosure Interpretation C DI 200.06, Vendors Engaged by
Servicers C DI 200.06 .
The Company has policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor s activities comply in
all material respects with the servicing criteria applicable to the vendor. Management is solely responsible for determining that the
Company meets the SEC requirements to apply C DI 200.06 for
the vendor and the related servicing criteria. 

 With respect to the Document Custody Platform and
the Period, Management provides the following assessment of the Company s compliance with respect to the Applicable Servicing Criteria: 

 1. Management is responsible for assessing the Company s compliance
with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. 

 2. Management has assessed the Company s compliance with the Applicable
Servicing Criteria, including the servicing criteria for which compliance is determined based on C DI 200.06 as described above. In performing this assessment, Management
used the criteria set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB. 

 3. With respect to Applicable Servicing Criterion 1122(d)(4)(iii), Management
has determined that there were no activities performed during the Period with respect to the Document Custody Platform, because there
were no occurrences of events that would require the Company to perform such activities. 

 4. Based on such assessment for the Period, the Company has complied
in all material respects with the Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Period. 

2 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report with respect to Management s assessment of the Company s compliance
with the Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Period. 

 Computershare Trust Company, National Association 

 By: /s/ Michael
L. Northagen 

 Michael L. Northagen 

 Title: Senior Vice President 

 Dated: February 15, 2023 

3 

Appendix A to the Company s Assessment of Compliance with
the Applicable Servicing Criteria 

Document Custody Platform Transactions 
 
 CTCNA Deal Identifier 
 Long Name 

36502021-PF1 
 3650R 2021-PF1 Commercial Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-PF1 
 
 3650R2022-PF2 
 3650R 2022-PF2 Commercial Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2022-PF2 
 
 ABFC 2006-HE1 
 ABFC 2006-HE1 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 ABFC 2006-OPT1 
 ABFC 2006-OPT1 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 ABFC 2006-OPT2 
 ABFC 2006-OPT2 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 ABFC 2006-OPT3 
 ABFC 2006-OPT3 Trust Asset-Backed Funding Corporation Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT3 
 
 ABFC 2007-WMC1 
 ABFC 2007-WMC1 Trust Asset Backed Funding Corporation Asset Backed Certificates, Series 2007-WMC1 
 
 ABSC2006-HE3 
 Asset Backed Securities Corporation Home Equity Loan Trust, Series OOMC 2006-HE3 Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series OOMC 2006-HE3 
 
 ABSC2006-HE5 
 Asset Backed Securities Corporation Home Equity Loan Trust, Series OOMC 2006-HE5 Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series OOMC 2006-HE5 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP5 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP5 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASAP6 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASAP6 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-ASL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-ASL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-CW1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-CW1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-FM1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-FM1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-FM2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-FM2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-HE1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-HE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-HE3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-HE3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-HE4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-HE4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-OP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-OP1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-OP2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-OP2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SD1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SD1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SD2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SD2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2006-SL4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-SL4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-ASAP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-ASAP1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007 ASAP2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-ASAP2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-ASL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-ASL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 

Appendix A- 1 

ACE 2007-D1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-D1 
 
 ACE 2007-HE1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE3 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE3 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE4 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE4 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-HE5 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-HE5 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-SL1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-SL1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-SL2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-SL2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-WM1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-WM1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 ACE 2007-WM2 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2007-WM2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 AMMST2021-MF2 
 Arbor Multifamily Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-MF2 Multifamily Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-MF2 
 
 AMMST2021-MF3 
 Arbor Multifamily Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-MF3 Multifamily Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-MF3 
 
 AMMST2022-MF4 
 Arbor Multifamily Mortgage Securities Trust 2022-MF4 Multifamily Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2022-MF4 
 
 ARMT 2006-2 
 Adjustable Rate Mortgage Trust 2006-2 Adjustable Rate Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 ARMT 2006-3 
 Adjustable Rate Mortgage Trust 2006-3 Adjustable Rate Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 BAC 2006-4 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 BAC 2007-4 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 BAC 2007-5 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 BACM 2008-1 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-1 
 
 BACM 2008-LS1 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-LS1 
 
 BACM2016-UBS10 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-UBS10, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-UBS10 
 
 BACM-2017-BNK3 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-BNK3, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2017-BNK3 
 
 BACM2017-BNK6 
 BANK 2017-BNK6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK6 
 
 BACM2017-BNK9 
 BANK 2017-BNK9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK9 
 
 BACM2018-BNK12 
 BANK 2018-BNK12 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK12 
 
 BACM2018-BNK15 
 BANK 2018-BNK15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK15 
 
 BACM2019-BNK18 
 BANK 2019-BNK18 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK18 
 
 BACM2019-BNK21 
 BANK 2019-BNK21 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK21 
 
 BACM2019-BNK24 
 BANK 2019-BNK24 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK24 
 
 BACM2020-BNK27 
 BANK 2020-BNK27 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK27 
 
 BACM2020-BNK30 
 BANK 2020-BANK30 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK30 
 
 BACM2021-BNK33 
 BANK 2021-BNK33 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK33 
 
 BACM2021-BNK36 
 BANK 2021-BNK36 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK36 
 
 BAFC 2006-B 
 Banc of America Funding Corporation, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-B 
 
 BAFC 2006-C 
 Banc of America Funding Corporation, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-C 
 
 BAFC 2006-E 
 Banc of America Funding Corporation, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-E 
 
 BAMLL2016-ISQR 
 BAMLL Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-ISQR, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-ISQR 
 
 BAMLL2017-AMO 
 Del Amo Fashion Center Trust 2017-AMO Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-AMO 
 
 BAMLL2019-LIC 
 Jackson Park Trust 2019-LIC, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-LIC 
 
 BAMLL2020-BHP3 
 BAMLL Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-BHP3, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BHP3 
 
 BAMLL2020-BOC 
 BAMLL Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-BOC, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BOC 
 
 BAMLL2020-GRCE 
 Grace Trust 2020-GRCE Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-GRCE 
 
 BANK2018-BNK11 
 BANK 2018-BNK11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK11 
 
 BANK2019-BNK23 
 BANK 2019-BNK23 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK23 

Appendix A- 2 

BANK2020-BNK26 
 BANK 2020-BNK26 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK26 
 
 BANK2020-BNK28 
 BANK 2020-BNK28 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK28 
 
 BANK2020-BNK29 
 BANK 2020-BNK29 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK29 
 
 BANK2021-BNK31 
 BANK 2021- BNK31 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK31 
 
 BANK2021-BNK32 
 BANK 2021-BNK32 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-BNK32 
 
 BANK2021-BNK35 
 BANK 2021-BNK35 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK35 
 
 BANK2021-BNK38 
 BANK 2021-BNK38 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-BNK38 
 
 BANK2022-BNK39 
 BANK 2022-BNK39 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-BNK39 
 
 BANK2022-BNK40 
 BANK 2022-BNK40 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-BNK40 
 
 BANK2022-BNK41 
 BANK 2022-BNK41 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-BNK41 
 
 BANK2022-BNK42 
 BANK 2022-BNK42 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-BNK42 
 
 BANK2022-BNK43 
 BANK 2022-BNK43 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-BNK43 
 
 BANK2022-BNK44 
 BANK 2022-BNK44 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-BNK44 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA1 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA1 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA2 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA2 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA3 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA3 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AA4 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA4 
 
 BARCBCAP2007AB1 
 BCAPB Trust LLC 2007-AB1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AB1 
 
 BARCSABR2006FR4 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FR4 
 
 BARCSABR2006WM4 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-WM4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-WM4 
 
 BARCSABR2007BR2 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2007-BR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-BR2 
 
 BARCSABR2007BR3 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2007-BR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-BR3 
 
 BARCSABR2007-HE1 
 Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2007-HE1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-HE1 
 
 BBCMS2016-ETC 
 BBCMS 2016-ETC Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-ETC 
 
 BBCMS2017-C1 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2017-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C1 
 
 BBCMS2018-C2 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2018-C2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C2 
 
 BBCMS2018-CHRS 
 BBCMS 2018-CHRS Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CHRS 
 
 BBCMS2019-B3B4 
 MFTII 2019-B3B4 Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B3B4 
 
 BBCMS2019-C3 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2019-C3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C3 
 
 BBCMS2019-C4 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2019-C4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C4 
 
 BBCMS2019-C5 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2019-C5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C5 
 
 BBCMS2020-C6 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2020-C6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C6 
 
 BBCMS2020-C7 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2020-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C7 
 
 BBCMS2020-C8 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2020-C8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C8 
 
 BBCMS2021-C10 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C10 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2021-C10 
 
 BBCMS2021-C11 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C11 
 
 BBCMS2021-C12 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C12 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C12 
 
 BBCMS2021-C9 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-C9 
 
 BBCMS2022-C14 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2022-C14 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-C14 
 
 BBCMS2022-C15 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2022-C15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2022-C15 
 
 BBCMS2022-C16 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2022-C16 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2022-C16 
 
 BBCMS2022-C17 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2022-C17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2022-C17 
 
 BBCMS2022-C18 
 BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2022-C18 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2022-C18 
 
 BCAP 2006-AA1 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2006-AA1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-AA1 
 
 BCAP 2006-AA2 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2006-AA2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-AA2 
 
 BCAP 2007-AA5 
 BCAP Trust LLC 2007-AA5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-AA5 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL1 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL1 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL2 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL3 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL3 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL3 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL4 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL4 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL4 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL5 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL5 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL5 
 
 BEARBSMF2006SL6 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-SL6 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL6 
 
 BEARBSMF2007SL1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-SL1 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-SL1 
 
 BEARBSMF2007SL2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-SL2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-SL2 
 
 BEARBSSLT20071 
 Bear Stearns Asset Backed Securities I LLC Bear Stearns Second Lien Trust 2007-1, MortgageBacked Notes, Series 2007-1 
 
 BEARPRIME20062 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BEARPRIME20071 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BEARPRIME20072 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BEARPRIME20073 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 BEARSACO200610 
 SACO I Trust 2006-10 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-10 

Appendix A- 3 

BEARSACO20062 
 SACO I Trust 2006-2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 BEARSACO20063 
 SACO I Trust 2006-3 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 BEARSACO20064 
 SACO I Trust 2006-4 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 BEARSACO20065 
 SACO I Trust 2006-5 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 BEARSACO20066 
 SACO I Trust 2006-6 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-6 
 
 BEARSACO20067 
 SACO I Trust 2006-7 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 BEARSACO20069 
 SACO I Trust 2006-9 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-9 
 
 BEARSACO20072 
 SACO I Trust 2007-2 Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 BMARK2018-B1 
 Benchmark 2018-B1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 BMARK2018-B2 
 Benchmark 2018-B2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-B2 
 
 BMARK2018-B4 
 Benchmark 2018-B4 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 BMARK2018-B5 
 Benchmark 2018-B5 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-B5 
 
 BMARK2018-B7 
 Benchmark 2018-B7 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 BMARK2018-B8 
 Benchmark 2018-B8 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-B8 
 
 BMARK2019-B10 
 Benchmark 2019-B10 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 BMARK2019-B11 
 Benchmark 2019-B11 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B11 
 
 BMARK2019-B13 
 Benchmark 2019-B13 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B13 
 
 BMARK2019-B14 
 Benchmark 2019-B14 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-B14 
 
 BMARK2020-B16 
 Benchmark 2020-B16 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B16 
 
 BMARK2020-B17 
 Benchmark 2020-B17 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B17 
 
 BMARK2020-B18 
 Benchmark 2020-B18 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B18 
 
 BMARK2020-B20 
 Benchmark 2020-B20 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B20 
 
 BMARK2020-B21 
 Benchmark 2020-B21 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B21 
 
 BMARK2020-B22 
 Benchmark 2020-B22 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-B22 
 
 BMARK2020-IG1 
 Benchmark 2020-IG1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-IG1 
 
 BMARK2020-IG2 
 Benchmark 2020-IG2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-IG2 
 
 BMARK2020-IG3 
 Benchmark 2020-IG3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-IG3 
 
 BMARK2021-B24 
 Benchmark 2021-B24 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-B24 
 
 BMARK2021-B25 
 Benchmark 2021-B25 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-B25 
 
 BMARK2021-B26 
 Benchmark 2021-B26 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-B26 
 
 BMARK2021-B28 
 Benchmark 2021-B28 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-B28 
 
 BMARK2021-B29 
 Benchmark 2021-B29 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-B29 
 
 BMARK2021-B30 
 Benchmark 2021-B30 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-B30 
 
 BMARK2022-B32 
 Benchmark 2022-B32 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-B32 
 
 BMARK 2022-B33 
 Benchmark 2022-B33 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-B33 
 
 BMARK2022-B34 
 Benchmark 2022-B34 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-B34 
 
 BMARK2022-B35 
 Benchmark 2022-B35 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-B35 
 
 BMARK2022-B36 
 Benchmark 2022-B36 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-B36 
 
 BMARK2022-B37 
 Benchmark 2022-B37 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2022-B37 
 
 BMO2022-C1 
 BMO 2022-C1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-C1 
 
 BMO2022-C2 
 BMO 2022-C2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-C2 
 
 BMO2022-C3 
 BMO 2022-C3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-C3 

Appendix A- 4 

BOAALT 2006-2 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BOAALT 2006-4 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 BOAALT 2006-5 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-5 
 
 BOAALT 2006-6 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-6 
 
 BOAALT 2006-7 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-7 
 
 BOAALT 2006-8 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 BOAALT 2006-9 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2006-9 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-9 
 
 BOAALT 2007-1 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BOAALT 2007-2 
 Banc of America Alternative Loan Trust 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BOAMS 2006-1 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 BOAMS 2006-2 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 BOAMS 2006-3 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 BOAMS 2006-A 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-A 
 
 BOAMS 2006-B 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-B 
 
 BOAMS 2007-1 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 BOAMS 2007-2 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 BOAMS 2007-3 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 BOAMS 2007-4 
 Banc of America Mortgage Securities, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 BSAAT 2007-01 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust II Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BSABS 2006-2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-2 Asset-Backed-Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BSABS 2006-3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-3 
 
 BSABS 2006-4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC1 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC2 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC3 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC4 
 
 BSABS 2006-AC5 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-AC5 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-AC5 
 
 BSABS 2006-IM1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-IM1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-IM1 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD1 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD2 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD3 
 
 BSABS 2006-SD4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-SD4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-SD4 
 
 BSABS 2006-ST1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2006-ST1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2006-ST1 
 
 BSABS 2007-1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BSABS 2007-2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC1 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC2 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC3 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC4 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC4 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC4 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC5 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC5 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC5 
 
 BSABS 2007-AC6 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities I Trust 2007-AC6 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-AC6 
 
 BSABS 2007-SD1 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-SD1 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-SD1 
 
 BSABS 2007-SD2 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-SD2 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-SD2 
 
 BSABS 2007-SD3 
 Bear Stearns Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-SD3 Asset-Backed Certificates Series 2007-SD3 
 
 BSALTA 2006-1 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-1 
 
 BSALTA 2006-2 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 BSALTA 2006-3 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-3 
 
 BSALTA 2006-4 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 BSALTA 2006-5 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-5 
 
 BSALTA 2006-6 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-6 
 
 BSALTA 2006-7 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-7 
 
 BSALTA 2006-8 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 BSALTA 2007-1 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 BSALTA 2007-2 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 BSALTA 2007-3 
 Bear Stearns ALT-A Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 BSART 2006-1 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, 2006-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 BSART 2006-2 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 BSART 2006-4 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 BSART 2007-1 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 BSART 2007-2 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, 2007-2, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 BSART 2007-4 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage- Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 BSART 2007-5 
 Bear Stearns ARM Trust, Mortgage- Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 BSMF 2006-AC1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AC1, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-AC1 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 

Appendix A- 5 

BSMF 2006-AR3 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR4 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 BSMF 2006-AR5 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR1 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR2 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR3 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR4 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 BSMF 2007-AR5 
 Bear Stearns Mortgage Funding Trust 2007-AR5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 BWAY2022-26BW 
 BWAY Commercial Mortgage Trust 2022-26BW Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-26BW 
 
 BX2019-OC11 
 BX Trust 2019-OC11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-OC11 
 
 BXP2021-601L 
 BXP Trust 2021-601L Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-601L 
 
 CAMB2021-CX2 
 CAMB 2021-CX2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-FRE1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-FRE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-FRE2 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-FRE2 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-OPT1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-OPT1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2006-RFC1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2006-RFC1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2007-FRE1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-FRE1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARRINGTON 2007-RFC1 
 Carrington Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-RFC1 Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CARVANA2020P1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2020-P1 
 
 CARVANA2021N1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N1 
 
 CARVANA2021N2 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N2 
 
 CARVANA2021N3 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N3 
 
 CARVANA2021N4 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-N4 
 
 CARVANA2021P1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-P1 
 
 CARVANA2021P2 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-P2 
 
 CARVANA2021P3 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-P3 
 
 CARVANA2021P4 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2021-P4 
 
 CARVANA2022N1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2022-N1 
 
 CARVANA2022P1 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2022-P1 
 
 CARVANA2022P2 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2022-P2 
 
 CARVANA2022P3 
 Carvana Auto Receivables Trust 2022-P3 
 
 CCMT 2006-C5 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2006-C5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-C5 
 
 CCMT 2007-C6 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-C6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-C6 
 
 CCRE2019-FAX 
 CFK Trust 2019-FAX, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-FAX 
 
 CCUBS2017-C1 
 CCUBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C1 
 
 CD 2006-CD2 
 CD 2006-CD2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CD 2007-CD5 
 CD 2007-CD5 Commercial Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series CD 2007-CD5 
 
 CD2016-CD1 
 CD 2016-CD1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CD1 
 
 CD2016-CD2 
 CD 2016-CD2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CD2 
 
 CD2017-CD3 
 CD 2017-CD3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CD3 
 
 CD2017-CD4 
 CD 2017-CD4 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CD4 
 
 CD2017-CD6 
 CD 2017-CD6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CD6 
 
 CD2018-CD7 
 CD 2018-CD7 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CD7 
 
 CD2019-CD8 
 CD 2019-CD8 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-CD8 
 
 CF2019-CF3 
 CF 2019-CF3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-CF3 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C3 
 
 CFCRE2016-C6 
 CFCRE 2016-C6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C6 
 
 CFCRE2016-C7 
 CFCRE 2016-C7 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C7 
 
 CFCRE2017-C8 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C8 
 
 CGCMT-2015-P1 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2015-P1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-P1 
 
 CGCMT2016-GC36 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-GC36, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GC36 
 
 CGCMT2022-GC48 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2022-GC48, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-GC48 

Appendix A- 6 

CITICMLTI2006HE3 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 CITICMLTI2007AR4 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 CITICMLTI2007AR5 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 CITICMLTI2007AR8 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR8 
 
 CITICMLTI2007WFHE2 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WFHE2 
 
 CITICMLTI2007WFHE3 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WFHE3 
 
 CITICMLTI2007WFHE4 
 Citigroup Mortgage Loan Trust Inc. Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WFHE4 
 
 COBALT 2007-C2 
 COBALT CMBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-C2, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C2 
 
 COLEM2022-HLNE 
 COLEM 2022-HLNE Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-HLNE 
 
 COMM12-CCRE1 
 COMM 2012-CCRE1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM12-CCRE2 
 COMM 2012-CCRE2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM12-CCRE4 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM12-CCRE5 
 COMM 2012-CCRE5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM13-CCRE7 
 COMM 2013-CCRE7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM13-LC6 
 COMM 2013-LC6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM15-CCRE23 
 COMM 2015-CCRE23 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM 2007-C9 
 COMM 2007-C9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2013-CCRE10 
 COMM 2013-CCRE10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2013-CCRE12 
 COMM 2013-CCRE12 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE15 
 COMM 2014-CCRE15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE16 
 COMM 2014-CCRE16 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE18 
 COMM 2014-CCRE18 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE19 
 COMM 2014-CCRE19 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE20 
 COMM 2014-CCRE20 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-CCRE21 
 COMM 2014-CCRE21 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-LC15 
 COMM 2014-LC15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-LC17 
 COMM 2014-LC17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-UBS3 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-UBS5 
 COMM2014-UBS5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2014-UBS6 
 COMM 2014-UBS6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-CCRE24 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-CCRE26 
 COMM 2015-CCRE26 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-CCRE27 
 COMM 2015-CCRE27 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-DC1 
 COMM 2015-DC1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-LC19 
 COMM 2015-LC19 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-LC23 
 COMM 2015-LC23 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2015-PC1 
 COMM 2015-PC1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2016-10HY 
 Hudson Yards 2016-10HY Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2016-667M 
 COMM 2016-667M Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2016-CCRE28 
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CCRE28 
 
 COMM2016-COR1 
 COMM 2016-COR1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-COR1 
 
 COMM2017-COR2 
 COMM 2017-COR2 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-COR2 
 
 COMM2018-COR3 
 COMM 2018-COR3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-COR3 
 
 COMM2018-HOME 
 COMM 2018-HOME Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-HOME 
 
 COMM2019-GC44 
 COMM 2019-GC44 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC44 
 
 COMM2020-CBM 
 COMM 2020-CBM Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2020-CX 
 COMM 2020-CX Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 COMM2022-HC 
 COMM 2022-HC Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CPTS2019-CPT 
 CPTS 2019-CPT Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 CSAB 2006-1 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 CSAB 2006-2 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 CSAB 2006-3 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 CSAB 2006-4 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 CSAB 2007-1 
 CSAB Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 CSAIL2015-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C1 
 
 CSAIL2015-C2 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C2 
 
 CSAIL2015-C3 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C3 

Appendix A- 7 

CSAIL2015-C4 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C4 
 
 CSAIL2016-C5 
 CSAIL 2016-C5 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C5 
 
 CSAIL2016-C6 
 CSAIL 2016-C6 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C6 
 
 CSAIL2016-C7 
 CSAIL 2016-C7 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C7 
 
 CSAIL2017-C8 
 CSAIL 2017-C8 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C8 
 
 CSAIL2017-CX10 
 CSAIL 2017-CX10 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CX10 
 
 CSAIL2017-CX9 
 CSAIL 2017-CX9 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-CX9 
 
 CSAIL2018-C14 
 CSAIL 2018-C14 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C14 
 
 CSAIL2018-CX11 
 CSAIL 2018-CX11 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CX11 
 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CX12 
 
 CSAIL2019-C15 
 CSAIL 2019-C15 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C15 
 
 CSAIL2019-C16 
 CSAIL 2019-C16 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C16 
 
 CSAIL2019-C17 
 CSAIL 2019-C17 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C17 
 
 CSAIL2019-C18 
 CSAIL 2019-C18 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C18 
 
 CSAIL2020-C19 
 CSAIL 2020-C19 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C19 
 
 CSAIL2021-C20 
 CSAIL 2021-C20 Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-C20 
 
 CSFB 2006-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C1 
 
 CSFB 2006-C4 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C4 
 
 CSFB 2007-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C1 
 
 CSFB 2007-C2 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C2 
 
 CSFB 2007-C3 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C3 
 
 CSFB 2008-C1 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-C1 
 
 CSMC 2006-1 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 CSMC 2006-2 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 CSMC 2006-3 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 CSMC 2006-4 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 CSMC 2006-7 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 CSMC 2006-8 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8 
 
 CSMC 2006-9 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-9 
 
 CSMC 2007-1 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 CSMC 2007-2 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 CSMC 2007-3 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 CSMC 2007-4 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 CSMC 2007-5 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 CSMC 2007-6 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 CSMC 2007-7 
 CSMC Mortgage-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 CSMC2016-NXSR 
 CSMC 2016-NXSR Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-NXSR 
 
 CSMC2017-MOON 
 CSMC 2017-MOON Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-MOON 
 
 CSMC2019-UVIL 
 CSMC 2019-UVIL Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-UVIL 
 
 CSMC2020-WEST 
 CSMC 2020-WEST Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-WEST 
 
 CSMC2021-980M 
 CSMC 2021-980M Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-980M 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB1 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB2 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB3 
 
 DBALT 2006-AB4 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB4 
 
 DBALT 2006-AF1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AF1 

Appendix A- 8 

DBALT 2006-AR1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR4 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR5 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 DBALT 2006-AR6 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR6 
 
 DBALT 2006-OA1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OA1 
 
 DBALT 2007-1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 DBALT 2007-2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities Mortgage Loan Trust, Series 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificate 
 
 DBALT 2007-3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 DBALT 2007-AB1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AB1 
 
 DBALT 2007-AR1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 DBALT 2007-AR2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 DBALT 2007-AR3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 DBALT 2007-BAR1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BAR1 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA1 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA2 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA2 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA3 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA3 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA4 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA4 
 
 DBALT 2007-OA5 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OA5 
 
 DBALT 2007-RAMP1 
 Deutsche ALT-A Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-RAMP1 
 
 DBGS2018-C1 
 DBGS 2018-C1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C1 
 
 DBJPM2016-C1 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C1 
 
 DBJPM2016-C3 
 DBJPM 2016-C3 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C3 
 
 DBJPM2017-C6 
 DBJPM 2017-C6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C6 
 
 DBJPM2020-C9 
 DBJPM 2020-C9 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C9 
 
 DBUBS 11-LC3 
 DBUBS 2011-LC3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 DBWAACE2006GP1 
 ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2006-GP1 Asset Backed Securities 
 
 DCOT2019-MTC 
 DC Office Trust 2019-MTC Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-MTC 
 
 DLJWABSCRFC2007HE1 
 Asset Backed Securities Corporation Home Equity Loan Trust, Series RFC 2007-HE1 Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series RFC 2007-HE1 
 
 DMARC2017-BRBK 
 DBUBS 2017-BRBK Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 DMARC2017-OT 
 Olympic Tower 2017-OT Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 DMARC2020-1MW 
 Manhattan West 2020-1MW Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 EBLMT 2013-1 
 EverBank Mortgage Loan Trust 2013-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-1 
 
 EBMLT 2013-2 
 EverBank Mortgage Loan Trust 2013-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-2 
 
 FASC2006-FF16 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF16 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FF16 
 
 FASC2006-FF8 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF8 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FF8 
 
 FF 2006-FF1 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF1 
 
 FF 2006-FFH1 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FFH1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FFH1 
 
 FFML 2006-FF11 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF11 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF11 
 
 FFML 2006-FF5 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF5 
 
 FFML 2006-FF7 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF7 
 
 FFML 2006-FF9 
 First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-FF9 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-FF9 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2006-1 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2006-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2006-2 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2006-2, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2006-3 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2006-3, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FIELDSTONE 2007-1 
 Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2007-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes 
 
 FREMONT 2006-A 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-A, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-A 
 
 FREMONT 2006-B P1 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-B1, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-B1 
 
 FREMONT 2006-B P2 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-B2, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-B2 
 
 FREMONT 2006-C 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-C, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-C 
 
 FREMONT 2006-D 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-D, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-D 
 
 FREMONT 2006-E 
 Fremont Home Loan Trust 2006-E, Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-E 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT2 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT3 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT3 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT4 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT4 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT4 
 
 GCMISV2006-OPT5 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2006-OPT5 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT5 
 
 GCMISV2007-WMC1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2007-WMC1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-WMC1 
 
 GMAC 2006-C1 
 GMAC Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C1 
 
 GRNPT 2006-AR1 
 GreenPoint Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 GRNPT 2006-AR2 
 GreenPoint Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 GRNPT 2006-AR3 
 GreenPoint Mortgage Funding Trust 2006-AR3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 

Appendix A- 9 

GS 2007-GG10 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-GG10 
 
 GSAA 2006-10 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-10, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-10 
 
 GSAA 2006-14 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-14, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-14 
 
 GSAA 2006-16 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-16, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-16 
 
 GSAA 2006-18 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-18, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-18 
 
 GSAA 2006-8 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-8, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-8 
 
 GSAA 2007-10 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-10, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-10 
 
 GSAA 2007-4 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-4, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 GSAA 2007-5 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-5, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 GSAA 2007-6 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-6, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 GSAA 2007-7 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-7, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 GSAA 2007-8 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-8, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-8 
 
 GSAA 2007-9 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2007-9, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-9 
 
 GSM2015-GC28 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-GC28 
 
 GSM2015-GS1 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-GS1 
 
 GSMC2006-12 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-12 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-12 
 
 GSMC20066 
 GSAA Home Equity Trust 2006-6 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-6 
 
 GSMC2006S3 
 GSAMP Trust 2006-S3 MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2006-S3 
 
 GSMCGSR2007HEL1 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corp. GSR Trust 2007-HEL 1, Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2007-HEL1 
 
 GSMS2013-CJ14 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GCJ14 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ12 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GCJ12 
 
 GSMS2014-GC18 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC18 
 
 GSMS2014-GC20 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC20 
 
 GSMS2014-GC22 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC22 
 
 GSMS2014-GC24 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-GC24 
 
 GSMS2015-590M 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation Trust 2015-590M, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2015-590M 
 
 GSMS2015-GC32 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-GC32 
 
 GSMS2016-GS2 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-GS2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GS2 
 
 GSMS2016-GS3 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-GS3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GS3 
 
 GSMS2016-GS4 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-GS4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-GS4 
 
 GSMS2017-FARM 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation Trust 2017-FARM, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-FARM 
 
 GSMS2017-GS5 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS5 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-GS5 
 
 GSMS2017-GS6 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS6 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-GS6 
 
 GSMS2017-GS7 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-GS7 
 
 GSMS2017-GS8 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-GS8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-GS8 
 
 GSMS2017-WWP 
 Worldwide Plaza Trust 2017-WWP Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-WWP 
 
 GSMS2018-GS10 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-GS10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-GS10 
 
 GSMS2018-GS9 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-GS9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-GS9 
 
 GSMS2019-101C 
 CALI Mortgage Trust 2019-101C Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-101C 
 
 GSMS2019-1633 
 BWAY Trust 2019-1633 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-1633 
 
 GSMS2019-GC38 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC38 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC38 
 
 GSMS2019-GC39 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC39 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC39 
 
 GSMS2019-GC40 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC40 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC40 

Appendix A- 10 

GSMS2019-GC42 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GC42 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GC42 
 
 GSMS2019-GSA1 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-GSA1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-GSA1 
 
 GSMS2020-ABC 
 MOFT Trust 2020-ABC Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-ABC 
 
 GSMS2020-GC45 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-GC45 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-GC45 
 
 GSMS2020-GC47 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-GC47 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-GC47 
 
 GSMS2020-GSA2 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-GSA2 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2020-GSA2 
 
 GSMS2021-GSA3 
 GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-GSA3 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-GSA3 
 
 GSMS2021-VR 
 BGME Trust 2021-VR Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-VR 
 
 GSMSC 12-GC6 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-GC6 
 
 GSMSC 12GCJ7 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-GCJ7 
 
 GSMSC 2013-GC10 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GC10 
 
 GSR 2006-5F 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-5F, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5F 
 
 GSR 2006-AR1 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-AR1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 GSR 2006-AR2 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 GSR 2007-AR1 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 GSR 2007-AR2 
 GSR Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-AR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 HALO 2007-2 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 HALO 2007-AR2 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-AR2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 HARBORVIEW 2007-2 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-2 Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 HARBORVIEW 2007-4 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-4 Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 HARBORVIEW 2007-7 
 Harborview Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-7 Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 HASCO 2006-HE1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT2 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT3 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT3 
 
 HASCO 2006-OPT4 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-OPT4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT4 
 
 HASCO 2006-WMC1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-WMC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 HASCO 2007-HE1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE1 
 
 HASCO 2007-HE2 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-HE2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 HASCO 2007-NC1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-NC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-NC1 
 
 HASCO 2007-WF1 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-WF1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF1 
 
 HEAT 2006-1 
 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 HEAT2006-3 
 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 HEAT 2006-4 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-4 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 HEAT2006-5 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-5 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 HEAT 2006-6 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-6 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-6 
 
 HEAT2006-7 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-7 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 HEAT2006-8 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2006-8 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8 
 
 HEAT2007-1 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2007-1 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 HEAT2007-2 
 Home Equity Asset Trust 2007-2 Home Equity Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 HELT2007-FRE1 
 Nationstar Funding LLC Home Equity Loan Trust 2007-FRE1 
 
 HEMT20061 
 Home Equity Mortgage Trust Series 2006-1 Home Equity Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 HEMT20063 
 Home Equity Mortgage Trust Series 2006-3 Home Equity Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 HEMT20064 
 Home Equity Mortgage Trust Series 2006-4 Home Equity Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 HSBAHALO2006-2 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2006-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 HSBAHALO2007-1 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 HSBAHALO2007-AR1 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 

Appendix A- 11 

HSBAHALO2007-WF1 
 HSI Asset Loan Obligation Trust 2007-WF1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF1 
 
 HSBAHASCO2006HE2 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2006-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 HSBAHASCO2007-OPT 
 HSI Asset Securitization Corporation Trust 2007-OPT1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-OPT1 
 
 HUDSONYARDS2019-30HY 
 Hudson Yards 2019-30HY Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Hudson Yards 2019-30HY Mortgage Trust 
 
 ILPT2019-SURF 
 ILPT Trust 2019-SURF Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-SURF 
 
 ILPT2022-LPFX 
 ILPT Commercial Mortgage Trust 2022-LPFX Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-LPFX 
 
 JPM 2013-C12 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C12, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C12 
 
 JPM2013-C13 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C13, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2013-C13 
 
 JPM2013-C14 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C14, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C14 
 
 JPM2013-C15 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C15, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C15 
 
 JPM2013-C16 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C16, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2013-C16 
 
 JPM2014-C18 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C18, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C18 
 
 JPM2014-C19 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C19, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C19 
 
 JPM2014-C20 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C20, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2014-C20 
 
 JPM2014-C21 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C21 
 
 JPM2014-C22 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C22, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C22 
 
 JPM2014-C23 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C23, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C23 
 
 JPM2014-C24 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C24, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C24 
 
 JPM2014-C26 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C26, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C26 
 
 JPM2015-C27 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C27, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C27 
 
 JPM2015-C28 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C28, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C28 
 
 JPM2015-C29 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C29, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C29 
 
 JPM2015-C30 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C30, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C30 
 
 JPM2015-C31 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C31 
 
 JPM2015-C32 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C32 
 
 JPM2015-C33 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-C33, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C33 
 
 JPM2015-JP1 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2015-JP1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-JP1 
 
 JPM2016-C1 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-C1 
 
 JPMB2014-C25 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C25, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C25 
 
 JPMC 12-CIBX 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-CIBX, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2012-CIBX 
 
 JPMC 12-LC9 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-LC9, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2012-LC9 
 
 JPMC 13-LC11 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-LC11, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2013-LC11 
 
 JPMC 2011-C5 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2011-C5, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2011-C5 
 
 JPMC 2012-C6 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-C6, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2012-C6 
 
 JPMC 2012-C8 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2012-C8, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2012-C8 

Appendix A- 12 

JPMC 2013-C10 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C10, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2013-C10 
 
 JPMC2013-C17 
 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2013-C17, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C17 
 
 JPMC2015-HGLR 
 Houston Galleria Mall Trust 2015-HGLR, Commercial Mortgage Securities Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-HGLR 
 
 JPMC2015-WPG 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-WPG 
 
 JPMC 2016-CSTL 
 Shops at Crystals Trust 2016-CSTL Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-CSTL 
 
 JPMC2016-HHV 
 Hilton USA Trust 2016-HHV Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-HHV 
 
 JPMC2016-JP2 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-JP2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-JP2 
 
 JPMC2016-JP4 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-JP4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-JP4 
 
 JPMC2016-NINE 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-NINE Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2016-NINE 
 
 JPMC2016-PLSD 
 Palisades Center Trust 2016-PLSD Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-PLSD 
 
 JPMC2017-245P 
 245 Park Avenue Trust 2017-245P Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-245P 
 
 JPMC2017-JP5 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-JP5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-JP5 
 
 JPMC2017-JP6 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-JP6, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017- JP6 
 
 JPMC2017-JP7 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-JP7 Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2017-JP7 
 
 JPMC2017-KNOX 
 West Town Mall Trust 2017-KNOX Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-KNOX 
 
 JPMC2018-AON 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-AON, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2018-AON 
 
 JPMC2018-AVM 
 Aventura Mall Trust 2018-AVM Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-AVM 
 
 JPMC2018-BCON 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-BCON Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2018-BCON 
 
 JPMC2018-WPT 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-WPT Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2018-WPT 
 
 JPMC2019-COR4 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-COR4, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-COR4 
 
 JPMC2019-COR5 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-COR5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-COR5 
 
 JPMC2019-COR6 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-COR6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-COR6 
 
 JPMC2019-ICON 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-ICON, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2019-ICON 
 
 JPMC2019-ICON UES 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-ICON UES, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-ICON UES 
 
 JPMC2019-OSB 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-OSB Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2019-OSB 
 
 JPMC2020-LOOP 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-LOOP Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2020-LOOP 
 
 JPMC2020-NNN 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-NNN, Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2020-NNN 
 
 JPMC2021-1MEM 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-1MEM Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2021-1MEM 
 
 JPMC2021-410T 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-410T Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2021-410T 
 
 JPMC2022-OPO 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2022-OPO Commercial Mortgage PassThrough Certificates, Series 2022-OPO 
 
 JPMCC2016-JP3 
 JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-JP3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-JP3 
 
 JPM CHAS 2007-CIBC18 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-CIBC18 
 
 JPM CHAS 2007-CIBC20 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-CIBC20 
 
 JPM CHASE 2007-C1 
 J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, 2007-C1 Commercial Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C1 
 
 JPMDB2016-C2 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-C2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C2 

Appendix A- 13 

JPMDB2016-C4 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-C4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C4 
 
 JPMDB 2017-C5 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-C5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C5 
 
 JPMDB2017-C7 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C7 
 
 JPMDB2018-C8 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-C8, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2018-C8 
 
 JPMDB2020-COR7 
 JPMDB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-COR7, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-COR7 
 
 KREST2021-CHIP 
 KREST Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-CHIP, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-CHIP 
 
 LCCM2017-LC26 
 LCCM 2017-LC26 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-LC26 
 
 LEHMLMT20062 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-2 
 
 LEHMLMT20064 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-4 
 
 LEHMLMT20068 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 LEHMLMT20072 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2 
 
 LEHMLMT20076 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-6 
 
 LEHMLMT20077 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-7 
 
 LEHMLMT20078 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-8 
 
 LEHMLXS200610N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-10N 
 
 LEHMLXS200611 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-11 
 
 LEHMLXS200612N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-12N 
 
 LEHMLXS200613 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-13 
 
 LEHMLXS200615 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-15 
 
 LEHMLXS200617 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-17 
 
 LEHMLXS200618N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-18N 
 
 LEHMLXS200619 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-19 
 
 LEHMLXS200620 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-20 
 
 LEHMLXS20063 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-3 
 
 LEHMLXS20065 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-5 
 
 LEHMLXS20067 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-7 
 
 LEHMLXS20068 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-8 
 
 LEHMLXS20071 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-1 
 
 LEHMLXS200711 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-11 
 
 LEHMLXS200712N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-12N 
 
 LEHMLXS200714H 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-14H 
 
 LEHMLXS200715N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-15N 
 
 LEHMLXS20072N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-2N 
 
 LEHMLXS20073 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-3 
 
 LEHMLXS20074N 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-4N 
 
 LEHMLXS20076 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-6 
 
 LEHMLXS20078H 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-8H 
 
 LEHMLXS20079 
 Lehman XS Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-9 
 
 LEHMSARM200611 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-11 
 
 LEHMSARM200612 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-12 
 
 LEHMSARM200710 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-10 
 
 LEHMSARM20075 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 LEHMSARM20077 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 LEHMSARM20078 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-8 
 
 LEHMSASCO063H 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3H 
 
 LEHMSASCO2007BC2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC2 
 
 LEHMSASCO2007BC4 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC4 
 
 LMT 2006-5 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 LMT 2006-7 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 LMT 2007-10 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-10 
 
 LMT 2007-4 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 LMT 2007-5 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 LMT 2007-9 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-9 
 
 LMT 2008-2 
 Lehman Mortgage Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-2 
 
 LSTAR2017-5 
 LSTAR Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-5, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-5 
 
 LUMINENT 06-3 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-2 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 

Appendix A- 14 

LUMINENT 2006-4 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-5 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-6 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-6, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-6 
 
 LUMINENT 2006-7 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2006-7, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 LUMINENT 2007-1 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 LUMINENT 2007-2 
 Luminent Mortgage Trust 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 MABS 2006-AB1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-AB1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AB1 
 
 MABS 2006-FRE1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-FRE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FRE1 
 
 MABS 2006-HE1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 MABS 2006-HE2 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 MABS 2006-HE3 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 MABS 2006-HE4 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE4 
 
 MABS 2006-HE5 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-HE5, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE5 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC2 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC2 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC3 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC3 
 
 MABS 2006-WMC4 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2006-WMC4, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC4 
 
 MABS 2007-HE1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-HE1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE1 
 
 MABS 2007-HE2 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-HE2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 MABS 2007-WMC1 
 MASTR Asset-Backed Securities Trust 2007-WMC1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WMC1 
 
 MAD2015-11MD 
 MAD 2015-11MD Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MALT 2006-1 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 MALT 2006-2 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 MALT 2006-3 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2006-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 MALT 2007-1 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MALT 2007-HF1 
 MASTR Alternative Loan Trust 2007-HF1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HF1 
 
 MANA 2007-A1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-A1 
 
 MANA 2007-A2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-A2 
 
 MANA 2007-A3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-A3 
 
 MANA 2007-AF1 (I) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-AF1-I 
 
 MANA 2007-AF1 (II) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-AF1-II 
 
 MANA 2007-F1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-F1 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR1 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR2 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR3 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR4 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR4 
 
 MANA 2007-OAR5 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MANA Series 2007-OAR5 
 
 MARM 2006-2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 MARM 2006-OA1 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2006-OA1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OA1 
 
 MARM 2006-OA2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2006-OA2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OA2 
 
 MARM 2007-1 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MARM 2007-2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 

Appendix A- 15 

MARM 2007-3 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 MARM 2007-HF1 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-HF1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HF1 
 
 MARM 2007-HF2 
 MASTR Adjustable Rate Mortgages Trust 2007-HF2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HF2 
 
 MASL 2006-1 
 MASTR Second Lien Trust 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 MASTR 2006-1 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 MASTR 2006-2 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2006-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 MASTR 2006-3 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2006-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 MASTR 2007-1 
 MASTR Asset Securitization Trust 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MF12021-W10X 
 MF1 2021-W10X Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-W10X 
 
 MKT2020-525M 
 MKT 2020-525M Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020- 525M 
 
 MLCC 2006-1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2006-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2006-2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2006-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2006-3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2006-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2007-1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2007-2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLCC 2007-3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Series MLCC 2007-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MLMBS 2007-1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust, Series 2007-1 
 
 MLMBS 2007-2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust, Series 2007-2 
 
 MLMBS 2007-3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage-Backed Securities Trust, Series 2007-3 
 
 MLMI 2006-A1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A1 
 
 MLMI 2006-A2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A2 
 
 MLMI 2006-A3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A3 
 
 MLMI 2006-A4 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-A4 
 
 MLMI 2006-AF1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-AF1 
 
 MLMI 2006-AF2 (I) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-AF2-I 
 
 MLMI 2006-AF2 (II) 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc., Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, MLMI Series 2006-AF2-II 
 
 MLMI 2006-F1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-F1 
 
 MLMI2006FM1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FM1 
 
 MLMI 2006-HE1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 MLMI2006HE2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 MLMI2006HE3 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 MLMI 2006-OPT1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 MLMI2006RM1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-RM1 
 
 MLMI2006SL1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL1 
 
 MLMI2006SL2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-SL2 
 
 MLMI 2006-WMC1 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 MLMI2006WMC2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-WMC2 
 
 MLMI2007HE2 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 MOFT2020-B6 
 MOFT 2020-B6 Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 MORG2012C5 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2012-C5 
 
 MORG2013C7 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2013-C7 
 
 MRCD2019-PARK 
 MRCD 2019-PARK Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-PARK 
 
 MRGN2006HE3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 MRGN2006HE4 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE4 
 
 MRGN2006HE5 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE5 
 
 MRGN2006HE6 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE6 
 
 MRGN2006HE7 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE7 
 
 MRGN20071 
 Morgan Stanley Home Equity Loan Trust 2007-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 MRGN2007HE2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE2 
 
 MRGN2007HE3 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE3 
 
 MSAC 2006-HE1 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 

Appendix A- 16 

MSAC 2006-HE2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 MSAC 2006-HE8 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-HE8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE8 
 
 MSAC 2006-WMC1 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-WMC1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC1 
 
 MSAC 2006-WMC2 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2006-WMC2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WMC2 
 
 MSAC 2007-HE5 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE5 
 
 MSAC 2007-HE6 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE6 
 
 MSAC 2007-HE7 
 Morgan Stanley ABS Capital I Inc. Trust 2007-HE7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-HE7 
 
 MSBAM 12-C6 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2012-C6, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C6 
 
 MSBAM 13-C8 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C8, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C8 
 
 MSBAM 13-C9 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C9, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C9 
 
 MSBAM14-C19 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C19, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C19 
 
 MSBAM15-C23 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C23, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C23 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C10 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C10, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C10 
 
 MSBAM2013-C11 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C11, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C11 
 
 MSBAM2013-C12 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C12, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C12 
 
 MSBAM2013-C13 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013-C13, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C13 
 
 MSBAM2014-C14 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C14, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C14 
 
 MSBAM2014-C15 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C15, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C15 
 
 MSBAM2014C17 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2014-C17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2014-C17 
 
 MSBAM2015-C20 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C20, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C20 
 
 MSBAM2015-C21 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C21, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C21 
 
 MSBAM2015-C22 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C22, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C22 
 
 MSBAM2015-C24 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C24, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C24 
 
 MSBAM2015-C26 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C26, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C26 
 
 MSBAM2015-C27 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2015-C27, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C27 
 
 MSBAM2016-C28 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C28, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C28 
 
 MSBAM2016-C29 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C29, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-C29 
 
 MSBAM2016-C30 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C30 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C30 
 
 MSBAM2016-C31 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C31 
 
 MSBAM2016-C32 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C33 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2017-C33, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C33 
 
 MSBAM2017-C34 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2017-C34, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C34 
 
 MSC2015-MS1 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2015-MS1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-MS1 
 
 MSC2016-BNK2 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-BNK2, Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2016-BNK2 
 
 MSC2017-BNK5 
 BANK 2017-BNK5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK5 

Appendix A- 17 

MSC2017-BNK8 
 BANK 2017-BNK8 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2017-BNK8 
 
 MSC2017-H1 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2017-H1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-H1 
 
 MSC2017-HR2 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2017-HR2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-HR2 
 
 MSC2018-BNK14 
 BANK 2018-BNK14 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK14 
 
 MSC2018-H3 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-H3, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-H3 
 
 MSC2018-H4 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-H4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-H4 
 
 MSC2018-L1 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-L1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-L1 
 
 MSC2019-BNK17 
 BANK 2019-BNK17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK17 
 
 MSC2019-BNK20 
 BANK 2019-BNK20 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK20 
 
 MSC2019-H6 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-H6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-H6 
 
 MSC2019-H7 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-H7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-H7 
 
 MSC2019-L2 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-L2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-L2 
 
 MSC2019-L3 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2019-L3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-L3 
 
 MSC2020-HR8 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2020-HR8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-HR8 
 
 MSC2020-L4 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2020-L4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-L4 
 
 MSC2021-L5 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-L5 Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates Series 2021-L5 
 
 MSC2021-L6 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-L6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-L6 
 
 MSC2021-L7 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-L7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-L7 
 
 MSC2021-PLZA 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2021-PLZA Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-PLZA 
 
 MSC2022-L8 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2022-L8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-L8 
 
 MSCC 11-C3 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2011-C3 
 
 MSCC 12-C4 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C4 
 
 MSCFG2015-ALDR 
 MSCCG Trust 2015-ALDR Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-ALDR 
 
 MSCI 2007-IQ15 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-IQ15 
 
 MSCI2015-UBS8 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2015-UBS8, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-UBS8 
 
 MSCI2016-PSQ 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-PSQ Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-PSQ 
 
 MSCI2016-UBS11 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS11, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-UBS11 
 
 MSCI2016-UBS12 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS12, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2016-UBS12 
 
 MSCI2016-UBS9 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2016-UBS9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-UBS9 
 
 MSCI2017-237P 
 MSSG Trust 2017-237P, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-237P 
 
 MSCI2017-CC 
 BXP Trust 2017-CC Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CC 
 
 MSCI2017-GM 
 BXP Trust 2017-GM, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-GM 
 
 MSCI2018-MP 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2018-MP Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-MP 
 
 MSCI2020-CNP 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust 2020-CNP Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-CNP 
 
 MSM 2006-11 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-11 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-11 
 
 MSM 2006-3AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-3AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3AR 
 
 MSM 2006-5AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-5AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5AR 
 
 MSM 2006-6AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-6AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-6AR 
 
 MSM 2006-7 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 MSM 2006-8AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-8AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8AR 
 
 MSM 2007-12 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-12 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-12 
 
 MSM 2007-13 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-13 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-13 

Appendix A- 18 

MSM 2007-14AR 
 Morgan Stanley Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-14AR Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-14AR 
 
 MSSTI 2007-1 
 Morgan Stanley Structured Trust I 2007-1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AF1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AF1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AF2 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AF2 
 
 NAAC 2006-AP1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AP1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR2 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR3 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 NAAC 2006-AR4 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 NAAC 2006-WF1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF1 
 
 NAAC 2007-1 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 NAAC 2007-2 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 NAAC 2007-3 
 Nomura Asset Acceptance Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 NCMS2017-75B 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-75B Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-75B 
 
 NCMS2018-ALXA 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-ALXA, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-ALXA 
 
 NCMS2018-OSS 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-OSS Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates Series 2018-OSS 
 
 NCMS2018-TSQ 
 20 Times Square Trust 2018-20TS, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-20TS 
 
 NCMS2019-10K 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-10K, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-10K 
 
 NCMS2019-FAME 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-FAME, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-FAME 
 
 NCMS2019-LVL 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-LVL, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-LVL 
 
 NCMS2019-NEMA 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-NEMA, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-NEMA 
 
 NCMT 2008-1 
 National City Mortgage Capital Trust 2008-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-1 
 
 NEWCASTLE 2007-1 
 New Castle Mortgage Securities Trust 2007-1 Asset-Backed Notes, Series 2007-1 
 
 NHEL 2006-AF1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-AF1 
 
 NHEL 2006-FM1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FM1 
 
 NHEL 2006-FM2 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FM2 
 
 NHEL 2006-HE1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 NHEL 2006-HE2 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 NHEL 2006-HE3 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-HE3 
 
 NHEL 2006-WF1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-WF1 
 
 NHEL 2007-1 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 NHEL 2007-2 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 NHEL 2007-3 
 Nomura Home Equity Loan, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 NRPMT2013-1 
 NRP Mortgage Trust 2013-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2006-1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2006-2 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 OPTION ONE 2006-3 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-2 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-3 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-4 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-4 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-5 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-5 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-5 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-6 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-6 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-CP1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-CP1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-CP1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-FXD1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-FXD1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-FXD1 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-FXD2 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-FXD2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-FXD2 
 
 OPTION ONE 2007-HL1 
 Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-HL1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-HL1 
 
 OWNIT 2006-2 
 OWNIT Mortgage Loan Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 PC 2006-1 
 People's Financial Realty Mortgage Securities Trust Series 2006-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 PHH 2008-CIM1 
 PHH Mortgage Trust, Series 2008-CIM1 Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2008-CIM1 
 
 PHH 2008-CIM2 
 PHH Mortgage Trust, Series 2008-CIM2 Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2008-CIM2 
 
 PHHAM 2007-1 
 PHH Alternative Mortgage Trust, Series 2007-1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 PHHAM 2007-2 
 PHH Alternative Mortgage Trust, Series 2007-2, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 PHHAM 2007-3 
 PHH Alternative Mortgage Trust, Series 2007-3, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 PRIME 2006-1 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., Prime Mortgage Trust, Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 PRIME 2006-CL1 
 Prime Mortgage Trust 2006-CL1, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-CL1 
 
 RBSCF2013-GSP 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc. 2013-GSP Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-GSP 

Appendix A- 19 

RBSGC 2007-B 
 RBSGC Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-B, Mortgage Loan Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-B 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-1 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-2 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-3 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2006-4 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2007-1 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2007-2 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 RENAISSANCE 2007-3 
 Renaissance Mortgage Acceptance Corp., Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 RFCO2006EFC1 
 Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-EFC1 
 
 RFCO2006EFC2 
 Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-EFC2 
 
 RFCO2006EMX1 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX1 
 
 RFCO2006EMX2 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX2 
 
 RFCO2006EMX3 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX3 
 
 RFCO2006EMX4 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX4 
 
 RFCO2006EMX5 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX5 
 
 RFCO2006EMX6 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX6 
 
 RFCO2006EMX7 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX7 
 
 RFCO2006EMX8 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX8 
 
 RFCO2006EMX9 
 Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-EMX9 
 
 RFCO2006HI1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HI1 
 
 RFCO2006HI2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HI2 
 
 RFCO2006HI3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Notes Series 2006-HI3 
 
 RFCO2006HI4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan Trust 2006-HI4 
 
 RFCO2006HI5 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HI5 
 
 RFCO2006HSA1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Equity Loan Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-HSA1 
 
 RFCO2006HSA2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Equity Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HSA2 
 
 RFCO2006HSA3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Equity Loan-Backed Certificates Series 2006-HSA3 
 
 RFCO2006KS1 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS1 
 
 RFCO2006KS2 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS2 
 
 RFCO2006KS3 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS3 
 
 RFCO2006KS4 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS4 
 
 RFCO2006KS5 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS5 
 
 RFCO2006KS6 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS6 
 
 RFCO2006KS7 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS7 
 
 RFCO2006KS8 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS8 
 
 RFCO2006KS9 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-KS9 
 
 RFCO2006NC1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-NC1 
 
 RFCO2006NC2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-NC2 
 
 RFCO2006NC3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-NC3 
 
 RFCO2006QA1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA1 
 
 RFCO2006QA10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA10 
 
 RFCO2006QA11 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA11 
 
 RFCO2006QA2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA2 
 
 RFCO2006QA3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA3 
 
 RFCO2006QA4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA4 

Appendix A- 20 

RFCO2006QA5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA5 
 
 RFCO2006QA6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA6 
 
 RFCO2006QA7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA7 
 
 RFCO2006QAB 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QAB 
 
 RFCO2006QA9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QA9 
 
 RFCO2006QH1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QH1 
 
 RFCO2006QO1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO1 
 
 RFCO2006QO10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006- QO10 
 
 RFCO2006QO2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO2 
 
 RFCO2006QO3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO3 
 
 RFCO2006QO4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO4 
 
 RFCO2006QO5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO5 
 
 RFCO2006QO6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO6 
 
 RFCO2006QO7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO7 
 
 RFCO2006QOB 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QOB 
 
 RFCO2006QO9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QO9 
 
 RFCO2006QS1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS1 
 
 RFCO2006QS10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS10 
 
 RFCO2006QS11 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS11 
 
 RFCO2006QS12 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS12 
 
 RFCO2006QS13 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS13 
 
 RFCO2006QS14 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS14 
 
 RFCO2006QS15 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS15 
 
 RFCO2006QS16 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS16 
 
 RFCO2006QS17 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS17 
 
 RFCO2006QS1B 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS1B 
 
 RFCO2006QS2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS2 
 
 RFCO2006QS3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS3 
 
 RFCO2006QS4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS4 
 
 RFCO2006QS5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS5 
 
 RFCO2006QS6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS6 
 
 RFCO2006QS7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS7 
 
 RFCO2006QSB 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QSB 
 
 RFCO2006QS9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-QS9 
 
 RFCO2006RS1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS1 
 
 RFCO2006RS2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS2 
 
 RFCO2006RS3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS3 
 
 RFCO2006RS4 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS4 
 
 RFCO2006RS5 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS5 
 
 RFCO2006RS6 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RS6 
 
 RFCO2006RZ1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ1 
 
 RFCO2006RZ2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ2 
 
 RFCO2006RZ3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ3 
 
 RFCO2006RZ4 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ4 
 
 RFCO2006RZ5 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-RZ5 
 
 RFCO2006S1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S1 
 
 RFCO2006S10 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S10 
 
 RFCO2006S11 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S11 
 
 RFCO2006S12 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S12 
 
 RFCO2006S2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S2 
 
 RFCO2006S3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S3 
 
 RFCO2006S4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S4 
 
 RFCO2006S5 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S5 
 
 RFCO2006S6 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S6 
 
 RFCO2006S7 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S7 
 
 RFCO2006SB 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SB 

Appendix A- 21 

RFCO2006S9 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-S9 
 
 RFCO2006SA1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA1 
 
 RFCO2006SA2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA2 
 
 RFCO2006SA3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA3 
 
 RFCO2006SA4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SA4 
 
 RFCO2006SP1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SP1 
 
 RFCO2006SP2 
 RESIDENTIAL ASSET MORTGAGE PRODUCTS, INC. MORTGAGE ASSET-BACKED PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2006-SP2 
 
 RFCO2006SP3 
 RESIDENTIAL ASSET MORTGAGE PRODUCTS, INC. MORTGAGE ASSET-BACKED PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2006-SP3 
 
 RFCO2006SP4 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-SP4 
 
 RFCO2007EMX1 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-EMX1 
 
 RFCO2007HI1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities II, Inc. Home Loan-Backed Notes Series 2007-HI1 
 
 RFCO2007KS1 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS1 
 
 RFCO2007KS2 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS2 
 
 RFCO2007KS3 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS3 
 
 RFCO2007KS4 
 Residential Asset Securities Corporation Home Equity Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-KS4 
 
 RFCO2007QA1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA1 
 
 RFCO2007QA2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA2 
 
 RFCO2007QA3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA3 
 
 RFCO2007QA4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA4 
 
 RFCO2007QA5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QA5 
 
 RFCO2007QH1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH1 
 
 RFCO2007QH2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH2 
 
 RFCO2007QH3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH3 
 
 RFCO2007QH4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH4 
 
 RFCO2007QH5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH5 
 
 RFCO2007QH6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH6 
 
 RFCO2007QH7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH7 
 
 RFCO2007QH8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH8 
 
 RFCO2007QH9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QH9 
 
 RFCO2007QO1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO1 
 
 RFCO2007QO2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO2 
 
 RFCO2007QO3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO3 
 
 RFCO2007QO4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO4 
 
 RFCO2007QO5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QO5 
 
 RFCO2007QS1 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS1 
 
 RFCO2007QS10 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS10 
 
 RFCO2007QS11 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS11 
 
 RFCO2007QS2 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS2 
 
 RFCO2007QS3 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS3 
 
 RFCO2007QS4 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS4 
 
 RFCO2007QS5 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS5 
 
 RFCO2007QS6 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS6 
 
 RFCO2007QS7 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS7 
 
 RFCO2007QS8 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS8 
 
 RFCO2007QS9 
 Residential Accredit Loans, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-QS9 
 
 RFCO2007RS1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-Rs1 
 
 RFCO2007RS2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-Rs2 
 
 RFCO2007RZ1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-RZ1 
 
 RFCO2007S1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S1 
 
 RFCO2007S2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S2 
 
 RFCO2007S3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S3 
 
 RFCO2007S4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S4 
 
 RFCO2007S5 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S5 
 
 RFCO2007S6 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S6 
 
 RFCO2007S7 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S7 
 
 RFCO2007S8 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S8 

Appendix A- 22 

RFCO2007S9 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-S9 
 
 RFCO2007SA1 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA1 
 
 RFCO2007SA2 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA2 
 
 RFCO2007SA3 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA3 
 
 RFCO2007SA4 
 Residential Funding Mortgage Securities I, Inc. Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SA4 
 
 RFCO2007SP1 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SP1 
 
 RFCO2007SP2 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SP2 
 
 RFCO2007SP3 
 Residential Asset Mortgage Products, Inc. Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates Series 2007-SP3 
 
 SABR 2006-FR1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FR1 
 
 SABR 2006-FR2 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FR2 
 
 SABR 2006-FR3 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-FR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-FR3 
 
 SABR 2006-HE1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-HE1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE1 
 
 SABR 2006-HE2 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-HE2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-HE2 
 
 SABR 2006-NC1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-NC1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-NC1 
 
 SABR 2006-OP1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-OP1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OP1 
 
 SABR 2006-WM1 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-WM1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WM1 
 
 SABR 2006-WM2 
 Securitized Asset-Backed Receivables LLC Trust 2006-WM2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WM2 
 
 SABR2006-WM3 
 SECURITIZED ASSET BACKED RECEIVABLES LLC TRUST 2006-WM3 MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2006-WM3 
 
 SACO 2007-1 
 SACO I Trust Mortgage-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 SAIL 2006-1 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 SAIL 2006-2 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 SAIL 2006-3 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 SAIL 2006-4 
 Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR1 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR2 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR2 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR3 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR3 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR4 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR5 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 SAMI II 2006-AR8 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2006-AR8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR8 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR1 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR1 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR2 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR2 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR3 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR4 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR5 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR6 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR6 
 
 SAMI II 2007-AR7 
 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Trust 2007-AR7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR7 
 
 SARM 2006-1 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 SARM 2006-2 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 SARM 2006-3 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 SARM 2006-4 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-4 
 
 SARM 2006-5 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-5 
 
 SARM 2006-7 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 SARM 2006-8 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-8 

Appendix A- 23 

SARM 2007-11 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-11 
 
 SARM 2007-3 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 SARM 2007-4 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-4 
 
 SARM 2007-6 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-6 
 
 SARM 2007-9 
 Structured Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-9 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC1 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC2 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC3 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC3 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC5 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC5 
 
 SASCO 2006-BC6 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-BC6 
 
 SASCO 2006-OPT1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-OPT1 
 
 SASCO 2006-WF1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF1 
 
 SASCO 2006-WF2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF2 
 
 SASCO 2006-WF3 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-WF3 
 
 SASCO 2007-BC1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC1 
 
 SASCO 2007-BC3 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-BC3 
 
 SASCO 2007-WF1 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF1 
 
 SASCO 2007-WF2 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-WF2 
 
 SEMT 2012-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2012-5 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-5 
 
 SEMT 2012-6 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2012-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-6 
 
 SEMT 2013-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-2 
 
 SEMT 2013-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-3 
 
 SEMT 2013-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-4 
 
 SEMT 2013-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-5 
 
 SEMT 2013-6 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-6 
 
 SEMT 2013-7 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-7 
 
 SEQUOIA 2006-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2006-1 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-1 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-2 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-3 
 
 SEQUOIA 2007-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2007-4 
 
 SGCMS2016-C5 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C5 
 
 SGCMS2019-787E 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-787E, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-787E 
 
 SGCMS2019-PREZ 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2019-PREZ, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-PREZ 
 
 SGCMS2020-COVE 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2020-COVE, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-COVE 
 
 SGMS 2006-FRE1 
 SG Mortgage Securities Trust 2006-FRE1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FRE1 
 
 SGMS 2006-FRE2 
 SG Mortgage Securities Trust 2006-FRE2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-FRE2 
 
 SGMS 2006-OPT2 
 SG Mortgage Securities Trust 2006-OPT2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-OPT2 
 
 SMTS2013-10 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-10 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-10 
 
 SMTS2013-11 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-11 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-11 
 
 SMTS2013-12 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-12 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-12 
 
 SMTS2013-8 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-8 
 
 SMTS2013-9 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-9 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-9 
 
 SMTS2014-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-1 
 
 SMTS2014-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-2 
 
 SMTS2014-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-3 
 
 SMTS2014-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2014-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-4 
 
 SMTS2015-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-1 
 
 SMTS2015-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-2 
 
 SMTS2015-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-3 

Appendix A- 24 

SMTS2015-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2015-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-4 
 
 SMTS2016-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2016-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-1 
 
 SMTS20162 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2016-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-2 
 
 SMTS2016-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2016-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-3 
 
 SMTS2017-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-1 
 
 SMTS2017-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-2 Mortgage Pass-through Certificates, Series 2017-2 
 
 SMTS2017-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-3 
 
 SMTS2017-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-4 
 
 SMTS2017-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-5 
 
 SMTS2017-6 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-6 
 
 SMTS2017-7 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-7 
 
 SMTS2017-CH1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CH1 
 
 SMTS2017-CH2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-CH2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-CH1 
 
 SMTS2018-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2017-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-1 
 
 SMTS2018-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-1 
 
 SMTS2018-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-3 
 
 SMTS2018-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-4 
 
 SMTS2018-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-5 
 
 SMTS2018-6 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-6 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-6 
 
 SMTS2018-7 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-7 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-7 
 
 SMTS2018-8 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-8 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-8 
 
 SMTS2018-CH1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH1 
 
 SMTS2018-CH2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-CH2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH2 
 
 SMTS2018-CH3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-CH3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH3 
 
 SMTS2018-CH4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2018-CH4 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-CH4 
 
 SMTS2019-1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-1 
 
 SMTS2019-2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-2 
 
 SMTS2019-3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-3 
 
 SMTS2019-4 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-4 
 
 SMTS2019-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-5 
 
 SMTS2019-CH1 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-CH1 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-CH1 
 
 SMTS2019-CH2 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-CH2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-CH2 
 
 SMTS2019-CH3 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2019-CH3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-CH3 
 
 SMTS2020-1 
 Redwood SEMT 2020-1 
 
 SMTS2020-2 
 Redwood SEMT 2020-2 
 
 SMTS2020-3 
 Redwood SEMT 2020-3 
 
 SMTS2020-4 
 SEQUOIA MORTGAGE TRUST 2020-4 
 
 SMTS2020-5 
 Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2020-5 
 
 SMTS2020-MC1 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-1 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-2 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-3 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2021-3 
 
 SMTS2021-4 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-5 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-6 
 SEQUOIA RESIDENTIAL FUNDING, INC. 
 
 SMTS2021-7 
 SEQUOIA RESIDENTIAL FUNDING, INC. 
 
 SMTS2021-8 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2021-9 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 SMTS2022-1 
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
 
 STARM 2007-2 
 STARM Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-2 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 STARM 2007-3 
 STARM Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-3 Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-3 
 
 SUM2022-BVUE 
 SUMIT 2022-BVUE Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-BVUE 
 
 SV 2007-OPT1 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT1 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT1 
 
 SV 2007-OPT2 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT2 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT2 
 
 SV 2007-OPT3 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2007-0PT3 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-0PT3 
 
 SV 2007-OPT4 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT4 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT4 
 
 SV 2007-OPT5 
 Soundview Home Loan Trust 2007-OPT5 Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-OPT5 
 
 UBS2017-C1 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C1 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C1 Series 2017-C1 
 
 UBS2017-C2 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C2 Series 2017-C2 
 
 UBS2017-C3 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C3 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C3 Series 2017-C3 
 
 UBS2017-C4 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C4 Series 2017-C4 
 
 UBS2017-C5 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C5 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C5 

Appendix A- 25 

UBS2017-C6 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C6 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C6 Series 2017-C6 
 
 UBS2017-C7 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2017-C7 
 
 UBS 2018-C10 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C10 
 
 UBS2018-C11 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C11 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C11 
 
 UBS2018-C12 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C12 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C12 
 
 UBS2018-C13 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C13 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C13 
 
 UBS2018-C14 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C14 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C14 
 
 UBS2018-C15 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C15 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C15 
 
 UBS2018-C8 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C8 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C8 
 
 UBS2018-C9 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C9 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2018-C9 
 
 UBS2019-C16 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C16 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-C16 
 
 UBS2019-C17 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C17 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-C17 
 
 UBS2019-C18 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C18, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2019-C18 
 
 VNDO TRUST 2016-350P 
 VNDO Trust 2016-350P Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-350P 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C23 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C23 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C27 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C27 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C28 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C28 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C29 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-C29 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-30 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-30 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C31 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C31 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C32 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C32 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C33 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C33 
 
 WACHOVIA 2007-C34 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-C34 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA1 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA1 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA1 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA2 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA2 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA2 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA3 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA3 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA3 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA4 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA4 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA4 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA5 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA5 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA5 
 
 WFALT 2007-PA6 
 Wells Fargo Alternative Loan 2007-PA6 Trust Mortgage Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-PA6 
 
 WFCM 12-LC5 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-LC5 
 
 WFCM2014-LC16 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-LC16 
 
 WFCM2014-LC18 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-LC18 
 
 WFCM2015-C26 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C26 
 
 WFCM2015-C27 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C27 
 
 WFCM2015-C28 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C28 

Appendix A- 26 

WFCM2015-C29 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C29 
 
 WFCM2015-C30 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C30 
 
 WFCM2015-C31 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-C31 
 
 WFCM2015-LC20 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-LC20 
 
 WFCM2015-LC22 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-LC22 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS1 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS2 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS2 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS3 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS3 
 
 WFCM2015-NXS4 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-NXS4 
 
 WFCM2015-P2 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-P2 
 
 WFCM 2015-SG1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2015-SG1 
 
 WFCM2016-BNK1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-BNK1 
 
 WFCM2016-C32 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 
 
 WFCM2016-C33 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C33, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C33 
 
 WFCM2016-C34 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C34, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C34 
 
 WFCM2016-C35 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2016-C35 
 
 WFCM2016-C36 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C36 
 
 WFCM2016-C37 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016-C37, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C37 
 
 WFCM2016-LC24 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc. Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-LC24 
 
 WFCM2016-LC25 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-LC25 
 
 WFCM2016-NXS5 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-NXS5 
 
 WFCM2016-NXS6 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-NXS6 
 
 WFCM2017-BNK4 
 BANK 2017-BNK4 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK4 
 
 WFCM2017-BNK7 
 BANK 2017-BNK7 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK7 
 
 WFCM2017-C38 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C38, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C38 
 
 WFCM2017-C39 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C39, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C39 
 
 WFCM2017-C40 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C40, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2017-C40 
 
 WFCM2017-C41 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C41, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2017-C41 
 
 WFCM2017-C42 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-C42, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-C42 
 
 WFCM2017-RB1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-RB1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-RB1 
 
 WFCM2017-RC1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-RC1, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-RC1 
 
 WFCM2018-1745 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-1745, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-1745 
 
 WFCM2018-BNK10 
 BANK 2018-BNK10 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK10 
 
 WFCM2018-BNK13 
 BANK 2018-BNK13 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-BNK13 
 
 WFCM2018-C43 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C43, Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates, Series 2018-C43 
 
 WFCM2018-C44 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C44, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C44 

Appendix A- 27 

WFCM2018-C45 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C45, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C45 
 
 WFCM2018-C46 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C46, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C46 
 
 WFCM2018-C47 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C47, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C47 
 
 WFCM2018-C48 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2018-C48, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2018-C48 
 
 WFCM2019-55HY 
 Hudson Yards 2019-55HY Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFCM2019-BNK16 
 BANK 2019-BNK16 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK16 
 
 WFCM2019-BNK19 
 BANK 2019-BNK19 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK19 
 
 WFCM2019-BNK22 
 BANK 2019-BNK22 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-BNK22 
 
 WFCM2019-C49 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C49, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C49 
 
 WFCM2019-C50 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C50, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C50 
 
 WFCM2019-C51 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C51, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C51 
 
 WFCM2019-C52 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C52, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C52 
 
 WFCM2019-C53 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C53, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C53 
 
 WFCM2019-C54 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2019-C54, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2019-C54 
 
 WFCM2020-BNK25 
 BANK 2020-BNK25 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-BNK25 
 
 WFCM2020-C55 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C55, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C55 
 
 WFCM2020-C56 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C56, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C56 
 
 WFCM2020-C57 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C57 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C57 
 
 WFCM2020-C58 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-C58 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-C58 
 
 WFCM2021-BNK34 
 BANK 2021-BNK34 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-BNK34 
 
 WFCM2021-BNK37 
 BANK 2021-BNK37 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2021-BNK37 
 
 WFCM2021-C59 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2021-C59 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C59 
 
 WFCM2021-C60 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2021-C60 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C60 
 
 WFCM2021-C61 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2021-C61 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-C61 
 
 WFCM2022-C62 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2022-C62 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-C62 
 
 WFCM2022-JS2 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2022-JS2 Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2022-JS2 
 
 WFCMT 2013-LC12 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-LC12 
 
 WFHET 2006-1 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2006-1 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-1 
 
 WFHET 2006-2 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2006-2 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-2 
 
 WFHET 2006-3 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2006-3 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2006-3 
 
 WFHET 2007-1 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2007-1 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1 
 
 WFHET 2007-2 
 Wells Fargo Home Equity Asset-Backed Securities 2007-2 Trust Home Equity Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 
 
 WFMBS 06-AR1 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR1 
 
 WFMBS 06-AR4 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR4 
 
 WFMBS 06-AR5 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR5 
 
 WFMBS 2006-20 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-20 
 
 WFMBS 2006-7 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-7 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR11 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR11 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR12 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Series 2006-AR12 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR13 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR13 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR14 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR14 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR15 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR15 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR16 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR16 
 
 WFMBS 2006-AR19 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-AR19 

Appendix A- 28 

WFMBS 2007-15 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-15 
 
 WFMBS 2007-17 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-17 
 
 WFMBS 2007-7 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-7 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR10 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR10 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR3 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR3 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR4 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR4 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR5 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR5 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR6 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR6 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR7 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR7 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR8 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR8 
 
 WFMBS 2007-AR9 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2007-AR9 
 
 WFMBS 2008-AR1 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-AR1 
 
 WFMBS 2008-AR2 
 Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2008-AR2 
 
 WFMBS2018-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2018-1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-2 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-3 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-3 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2019-4 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2019-4 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2019-4 
 
 WFMBS2020-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-1 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-1 
 
 WFMBS2020-2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-2 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-2 
 
 WFMBS2020-3 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-3 Trust Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-3 
 
 WFMBS2020-4 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-4 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-4 
 
 WFMBS2020-5 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-5 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-5 
 
 WFMBS2020-RR1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2020-RR1 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2020-RR1 
 
 WFMBS2021-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-1 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2021-1 
 
 WFMBS2021-2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-2 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2021-INV1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-INV1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2021-INV2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-INV2 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2021-RR1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2021-RR1 Trust, Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2022-1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2022-1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2022-2 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2022-2 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFMBS2022-INV1 
 Wells Fargo Mortgage Backed Securities 2022-INV1 Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates 
 
 WFRBS 11-C5 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2011-C5 
 
 WFRBS 12-C10 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C10 
 
 WFRBS 12-C6 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C6 
 
 WFRBS 12-C7 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C7 
 
 WFRBS 12-C8 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C8 
 
 WFRBS 12-C9 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2012-C9 
 
 WFRBS 13-C11 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C11 
 
 WFRBS 13-C12 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C12 
 
 WFRBS 13-C13 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C13 
 
 WFRBS 13-C14 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C14 
 
 WFRBS2013-C15 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C15 
 
 WFRBS2013-C16 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C16 
 
 WFRBS2013-C17 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C17 
 
 WFRBS2013-C18 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-C18 
 
 WFRBS2013-UBS1 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2013-UBS1 
 
 WFRBS2014-C19 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C19 
 
 WFRBS2014-C20 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C20 
 
 WFRBS2014-C21 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C21 

Appendix A- 29 

WFRBS2014-C22 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C22 
 
 WFRBS2014-C23 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C23 
 
 WFRBS2014-C24 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C24 
 
 WFRBS2014-C25 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-C25 
 
 WFRBS2014-LC14 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2014-LC14 
 
 WMCMWMC20061 
 GE-WMC Mortgage Securities LLC Asset-Backed Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2006-1 

Appendix A- 30 

</EX-33.26>

<EX-33.35>
 11
 ex3335.htm

Management s Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation
AB Servicing Criteria 

Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank, National Association Midland or the Company ), is responsible for compliance with the applicable servicing criteria set forth in
Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB of the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation AB ), as set forth in Appendix A. 

Midland has assessed its compliance with the applicable servicing criteria
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Reporting Period ). In making this assessment, Midland used the criteria
set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB. This report covers all transactions
serviced on the Enterprise! Loan Management System
(the Platform during the Reporting Period. 

Midland engaged certain vendors, which are not servicers as defined
in item 1101(j) of Regulation AB (the Vendors ), to perform specific and limited or scripted activities related to portions
of the servicing criteria as set forth in Appendix A. Midland elects to take responsibility for assessing compliance with the servicing
criteria or portion of the servicing criteria applicable to such Vendors activities as set forth in Appendix A. Midland has not
identified and is not aware of any material instances of noncompliance by the Vendors with the applicable servicing criteria as of December
31, 2022 and for the Reporting Period with respect to the Platform taken as a whole, nor has it identified any material deficiencies in
its policies and procedures to monitor the compliance by the Vendors with the applicable servicing criteria as of December 31, 2022 and
for the Reporting Period with respect to the Platform taken as a whole. 

Based on this assessment, Midland concludes that,
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, Midland has complied in all material respects with the applicable servicing criteria set
forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, has issued an attestation report on Midland s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022 for all transactions serviced on the Enterprise! Loan Management System. 

MIDLAND LOAN SERVICES 

 a division of PNC Bank, National Association 

David D. Spotts 
Executive Vice President 
Date: February 17, 2023 

APPENDIX A 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
 Directly by 
 Midland 
 Performed 
by Vendor(s) 
 for which 
Midland is the Responsible Party 
 
 General Servicing Considerations 
 
 1122(d)(1)(i) 
 Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(1)(ii) 
 If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(iii) 
 Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. 
 N/A 1 
 
 1122(d)(1)(iv) 
 A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(1)(v) 
 Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 
 X 

Cash Collection and Administration 
 
 1122(d)(2)(i) 
 Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(ii) 
 Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(iii) 
 Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 2 

1122(d)(2)(iv) 
 The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(v) 
 Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13K-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 X 

1 Midland has determined servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii),
1122(d)(3)(i)(B), 1122(d)(3)(i)(C), 1122(d)(3)(i)(D), 1122(d)(3)(ii), 1122(d)(3)(iii), 1122(d)(3)(iv), and 1122(d)(4)(xv) to be inapplicable
to the activities Midland performs with respect to the Platform. 

 2 Midland has utilized the CRE Finance Council s Loan Modification/Forbearance
Best Practices as it relates to the servicing procedures performed for loans in forbearance including advancing and reporting of such
loans. 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
Directly by 
Midland 
 Performed by 
Vendor(s) 
 for which 
Midland is the 
Responsible Party 
 
 Cash Collection and Administration (continued) 
 
 1122(d)(2)(vi) 
 Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 
 X 

1122(d)(2)(vii) 
 Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset- backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations: 

(A) Are mathematically accurate; 
 X 

(B) Are prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; 
 X 

(C) Are reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and 
 X 

(D) Contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 
 
 1122(d)(3)(i) 
 Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports: 

(A) Are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; 
 X 2 

(B) Provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; 
 N/A 1 

(C) Are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations; and 
 N/A 1 

(D) Agree with investor s or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. 
 N/A 1 
 
 1122(d)(3)(ii) 
 Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 N/A 1 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iii) 
 Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 N/A 1 
 
 1122(d)(3)(iv) 
 Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 
 N/A 1 
 
 Pool Asset Administration 
 
 1122(d)(4)(i) 
 Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related mortgage loan documents. 
 X 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ii) 
 Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1 Midland has determined servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii),
1122(d)(3)(i)(B), 1122(d)(3)(i)(C), 1122(d)(3)(i)(D), 1122(d)(3)(ii), 1122(d)(3)(iii), 1122(d)(3)(iv), and 1122(d)(4)(xv) to be inapplicable
to the activities Midland performs with respect to the Platform. 

 2 Midland has utilized the CRE Finance Council s Loan Modification/Forbearance
Best Practices as it relates to the servicing procedures performed for loans in forbearance including advancing and reporting of such
loans. 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed 
 Directly by 
 Midland 
 Performed by 
 Vendor(s) 
for which 
Midland is the 
Responsible Party 
 
 Pool Asset Administration (continued) 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iii) 
 Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(iv) 
 Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 
 X 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(v) 
 The Servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(vi) 
 Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool asset (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 
 X 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(vii) 
 Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 
 X 2 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(viii) 
 Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 
 X 

1 Midland has determined servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii),
1122(d)(3)(i)(B), 1122(d)(3)(i)(C), 1122(d)(3)(i)(D), 1122(d)(3)(ii), 1122(d)(3)(iii), 1122(d)(3)(iv), and 1122(d)(4)(xv) to be inapplicable
to the activities Midland performs with respect to the Platform. 

 2 Midland has utilized the CRE Finance Council s Loan Modification/Forbearance
Best Practices as it relates to the servicing procedures performed for loans in forbearance including advancing and reporting of such
loans. 

SERVICING CRITERIA 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA 
 
 Reference 
 Criteria 
 Performed Directly by Midland 
 Performed by Vendor(s) for which Midland is the Responsible Party 
 
 Pool Asset Administration (continued) 
 
 1122(d)(4)(ix) 
 Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(x) 
 Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): 

(A) Such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements; 
 X 

(B) Interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and 
 X 

(C) Such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool asset, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xi) 
 Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xii) 
 Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. 
 X 
 X 
 
 1122(d)(4)(xiii) 
 Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xiv) 
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
 X 

1122(d)(4)(xv) 
 Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 N/A 1 

1 Midland has determined servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii),
1122(d)(3)(i)(B), 1122(d)(3)(i)(C), 1122(d)(3)(i)(D), 1122(d)(3)(ii), 1122(d)(3)(iii), 1122(d)(3)(iv), and 1122(d)(4)(xv) to be inapplicable
to the activities Midland performs with respect to the Platform. 

</EX-33.35>

<EX-34.1>
 12
 ex341.htm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

 The Board of Directors 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association: 

 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying
2022 Certification Regarding Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria, that Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Servicing, a division
of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Company) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities
and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria) for Commercial and Multifamily Loans (the Platform) except for
servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(3)(i)(B-D), 1122(d)(3)(ii-iv), 1122(d)(4)(ii), and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined
are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to the Platform, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company
has determined that servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(xi) and 1122(d)(4)(xii) are applicable to the activities the Company performs with respect
to the Platform, except for certain tax payment activities that the Company has engaged various vendors to perform. With respect to applicable
servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(iii), the Company has determined that there were no activities performed during the year ended December
31, 2022 with respect to the Platform because there were no occurrences of events that would require the Company to perform such activities.
Appendix A to the 2022 Certification Regarding Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria identifies the individual asset-backed transactions
and securities defined by management as constituting the Platform. Management is responsible for the Company s compliance with the
Servicing Criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with
the Servicing Criteria based on our examination. 

 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants to obtain reasonable assurance and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the
Company s compliance with the Servicing Criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
Our examination included testing selected asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing selected servicing
activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected
activities in compliance with the Servicing Criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing
activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine whether errors
may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by
the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. We believe that our examination
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance
with the Servicing Criteria. 

 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to the examination engagement. 

 As described in the accompanying 2022 Certification Regarding Compliance
with Applicable Servicing Criteria, for servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(i), 1122(d)(4)(vi), and for certain activities related to 1122(d)(4)(xi),
and 1122(d)(4)(xii), the Company has engaged various vendors to perform the activities required by these servicing criteria. The Company
has determined that none of these vendors is considered a servicer as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the
Company has elected to take responsibility for assessing compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to each vendor as permitted
by the SEC s Compliance and Disclosure 

KPMG LLP, a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member
firm of 
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with 
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 

Interpretation (C DI) 200.06, Vendors Engaged by Servicers (C DI
200.06). As permitted by C DI 200.06, the Company has asserted that it has policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable
assurance that the vendors activities comply in all material respects with the servicing criteria applicable to each vendor. The
Company is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC requirements to apply C DI 200.06 for the vendors and related
servicing criteria as described in its assertion, and we performed no procedures with respect to the Company s eligibility to apply
C DI 200.06. 

 In our opinion, management s assertion that Wells Fargo Commercial
Mortgage Servicing, a division of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, complied with the aforementioned Servicing Criteria, including
servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(i), 1122(d)(4)(vi), 1122(d)(4)(xi), and 1122(d)(4)(xii) for which compliance is determined based on C DI
200.06 as described above, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

Charlotte, North Carolina 
February 24, 2023 

2 

</EX-34.1>

<EX-34.2>
 13
 ex342.htm

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Management Committee 
CWCapital Asset Management, LLC 

We have examined CWCapital Asset Management, LLC
(the Company management's assertion that the Company complied with the servicing criteria applicable to it under paragraph
(d) of item 1122 of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC )'s Regulation AB for the commercial mortgage-backed securities
transactions that were issued on or after January 1, 2005 and that were registered with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933
for which CWCapital Asset Management, LLC acted as the special servicer listed in Appendix B Platform included in the accompanying
Management's Assertion on Compliance with Regulation AB Criteria Management's Assertion as of December 31, 2022 and for
the period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. Management has determined that the criteria set forth in Section 1122 (d)(1)(iii),
(d)(3)(i)(B), (d)(3)(i)(C), (d)(3)(i)(D), (d)(3)(ii), (d)(3)(iii), (d)(3)(iv), (d)(4)(v), (d)(4)(ix), (d)(4)(x), (d)(4)(xi), (d)(4)(xii),
(d)(4)(xiii), (d)(4)(xiv), and (d)(4)(xv) are not applicable to the activities performed by the Company as a special servicer with respect
to the Company's Platform. The Company's management is responsible for its Management's Assertion and compliance with those servicing
criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Management's Assertion about the Company's compliance with the servicing criteria
applicable thereon under paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of the SEC's Regulation AB based on our examination. 

Our examination was conducted in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established
by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants to obtain reasonable assurance and, accordingly, included examining, on a test
basis, evidence about the Company's compliance with the applicable servicing criteria, including tests on a sample basis of the servicing
activities as a special servicer, determining whether the Company performed those selected activities in compliance with the servicing
criteria during the specified period, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our procedures
were limited to selected servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report and, accordingly, such
samples may not have included servicing activities related to each commercial mortgage-backed securities transaction. Further, an examination
is not designed to detect noncompliance arising from errors that may have occurred prior to the period specified above that may have affected
the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report. We believe that our examination
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company's compliance with the
servicing criteria specified in the first paragraph. 

We are required to be independent and to meet our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to the engagement. 

In our opinion, Management's Assertion that the Company
complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria thereon, as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 1, 2022
to December 31, 2022 is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

Bethesda, Maryland 
February 28, 2023 

</EX-34.2>

<EX-34.4>
 14
 ex344.htm

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 Deutsche Bank National Trust Company and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas 

 We have examined management s assertion,
included in the accompanying Management s Assertion of Compliance, that Trust Agency Services department of Deutsche Bank
National Trust Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (collectively the Company complied with the servicing criteria
set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for the publicly-issued (i.e., transaction-level
reporting required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and certain privately-issued (i.e., for which transaction-level
reporting is required pursuant to contractual obligation) residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities
and other asset-backed securities issued on or after January 1, 2006, for which the Company provides trustee, certificate administrator,
securities administration, paying agent or custodian services, as defined in the transaction agreements, excluding publicly-issued securities
sponsored or issued by any government sponsored entity (the Platform ), as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 except
for criteria 1122(d)(4)(iv) 1122(d)(4)(xiv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs
with respect to the servicing platform covered by this report. Refer to Appendix A of Management s Assertion of Compliance for the
asset backed transactions covered by this platform. Management is responsible for the Company s compliance with those servicing
criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with the servicing
criteria based on our examination. 

 Our examination was conducted in accordance
with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable
servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing
of less than all of the individual asset backed transactions and securities that comprise the platform, testing of less than all of the
servicing activities related to the Platform and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those
selected activities in compliance with the servicing criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and
servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine
whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated
or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. Although
the Company is responsible for assessing compliance with criteria 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(2)(iii) and 1122(d)(4)(iii)
of Regulation AB, there were no servicing activities performed by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 that required these
servicing criteria to be complied with. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

 We are required to be independent of
the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our examination
engagement. 

 Our examination does not provide a legal determination on
the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 

 In our opinion, management s assertion
that the Company complied with the aforementioned servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the platform is
fairly stated, in all material respects. 

February
28, 2023 

</EX-34.4>

<EX-34.5>
 15
 ex345.htm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Park Bridge Lender Services LLC Management 

 We have examined management of Park
Bridge Lender Services LLC s (the Company assertion that the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth
in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for all transactions for specific pools identified in
Exhibit A that are backed by certain commercial mortgage loans for which the Company processed in its capacity as trust advisor or operating
advisor (the Platform ), excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(i) 1122(d)(1)(v), 1122(d)(2)(i)-1122(d)(2)(vii), 1122(d)(3)(ii)-1122(d)(3)(iv),
1122(d)(4)(i) 1122(d)(4)(vi) and 1122(d)(4)(viii)-1122(d)(4)(xv), which management has determined are not applicable to the activities
performed by the Company with respect to the Platform, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Assessment of Compliance
with the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB Servicing Criteria dated February 4, 2023 as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The Company s management is responsible for its assertion. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s
assertion about the Company s compliance with the specified requirements based on our examination. 

 Our examination was conducted in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established
by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether management s assertion about compliance with the specified requirements is fairly stated, in
all material respects. An examination involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether management s assertion is
fairly stated, in all material respects. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of management s assertion, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence
we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 We are required to be independent and
to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to the engagement. 

 Our examination does not provide a legal
determination on the Company s compliance with the specified requirements. 

 In our opinion, management s
assertion that the Company complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria included in the accompanying Management s
Report on Assessment of Compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB Servicing Criteria dated February 4,
2023 as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

Tampa, FL 

 February 4, 2023 

 FORVIS is a trademark of FORVIS, LLP, registration of
which is pending with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 3650 2021-PF1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 3650R 2022-PF2 
 November 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AOA 2021-1177 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AREIT 2019-CRE3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AREIT 2021-CRE5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 AVMT 2018-AVM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BACM 2016-UBS10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BACM 2017-BNK3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BAMLL 2021-JACX 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2017-CRE2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2018-CRE3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2018-CRE4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Bancorp 2019-CRE5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK23 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK28 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK30 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK31 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK32 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK35 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK37 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK39 
 February 10, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK42 
 June 09, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK44 
 November 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2017-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2018-C2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2019-BWAY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2019-C4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2020-C7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2021-C11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 1 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 BBCMS 2021-C9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2022-C14 
 February 23, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2022-C16 
 June 28, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BBCMS 2022-C18 
 December 14, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BCP 2021-330N 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BDS 2020-FL6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BDS 2021-FL8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BDS 2022-FL12 
 September 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2019-DPLO 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2020-EYP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2020-OBRK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BFLD 2021-FPM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BHPT 2019-BXHP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BLOX 2021-BLOX 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2018-B7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2019-B13 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2019-B15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2019-B9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-B16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-B18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-B21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2020-IG1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B23 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B29 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2021-B30 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B33 
 March 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B34 
 April 14, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B35 
 May 12, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMARK 2022-B36 
 August 23, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMO 2022-C1 
 February 28, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BMO 2022-C3 
 October 07, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPCRE 2021-FL1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 October 17, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-KEN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-NRD 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-TY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2021-WILL 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2022-OANA 
 April 19, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BPR 2022-SSP 
 June 05, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 2 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 BPR 2022-STAR 
 August 18, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BSREP 2021-DC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BWAY 2021-1450 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2018-BILT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2018-GW 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2019-OC11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2019-XL 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2020-BXLP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 January 28, 2022 
 
 BX 2020-VKNG 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-21M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-ACNT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-IRON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-LGCY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-PAC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-SDMF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-VINO 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-VOLT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2021-XL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-FOX2 
 December 12, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-GPA 
 September 29, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-IND 
 April 20, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-LP2 
 February 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-PSB 
 August 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 BX 2022-WSS 
 March 24, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CAMB 2021-CX2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Carbon 2019-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CCUBS 2017-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2016-CD1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2016-CD2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2017-CD6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2018-CD7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CD 2019-CD8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-BOSS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-CF1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-CF2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2019-CF3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CF 2020-P1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 3 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 CFCRE 2018-TAN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC25 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2015-GC27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2015-GC35 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2015-P1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-GC37 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2017-C4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2017-P7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2018-B2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2018-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2019-GC41 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2019-GC43 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2019-SMRT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2020-GC46 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CGCMT 2022-GC48 
 June 21, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CHC 2019-CHC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2012-LC4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-LC13 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2013-LC6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE17 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-LC15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-LC17 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 4 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE22 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE27 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-DC1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-LC19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-LC21 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-LC23 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2015-PC1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-667M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-COR1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2016-DC2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2017-COR2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2018-COR3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2018-HOME 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2019-GC44 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2020-CX 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2021-2400 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 COMM 2021-LBA 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 January 07, 2022 
 
 COMM 2022-HC 
 January 26, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2015-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2015-C2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2016-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2016-C7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2017-C8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2017-CX10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2018-CX11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2019-C15 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2019-C17 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2020-C19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSAIL 2021-C20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2016-NXSR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-CALI 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-CHOP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-MOON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 July 15, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2017-PFHP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2018-SITE 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2019-ICE4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2019-UVIL 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 5 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 CSMC 2020-FACT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2020-TMIC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2021-980M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2021-B33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2021-BHAR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 CSMC 2022-NWPT 
 September 21, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DAFC 2017-AMO 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBGS 2018-5BP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBGS 2018-BIOD 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBGS 2018-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBJPM 2016-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBJPM 2020-C9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBUBS 2017-BRBK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DBWF 2018-AMXP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 April 07, 2022 
 
 DBWF 2018-GLKS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 DOLP 2021-NYC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ELP 2021-ELP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 EQUS 2021-EQAZ 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ESA 2021-ESH 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FMBT 2019-FBLU 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FREMF SCR 2016-MDN1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FREMF SCR 2016-MDN2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 FREMF SCR 2017-MDN3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GACM 2020-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 16, 2022 
 
 GCT 2021-GCT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GPMT 2018-FL1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 April 22, 2022 
 
 GPMT 2021-FL3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GRACE 2020-GRCE 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2014-GC18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2015-GC32 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2016-GS4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2017-GS7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2017-STAY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 09, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2018-3PCK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2018-GS10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2019-GC39 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2019-GC42 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2019-GSA1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2020-GC47 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2020-TWN3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 August 09, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2021-DM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GSMS 2021-IP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 6 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 GSMS 2022-AGSS 
 November 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 GWT 2019-WOLF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 HIT 2022-HI32 
 July 06, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 HONO 2021-LULU 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ILPT 2019-SURF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ILPT 2022-LPF2 
 September 22, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ILPT 2022-LPFX 
 March 17, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2013-C10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-AON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-ASH8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-BCON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-MINN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-PHH 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-PTC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2018-WPT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2019-ICON 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2019-OSB 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2020-609M 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2020-LOOP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2021-1MEM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2021-2NU 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2021-410T 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMCC 2022-NLP 
 May 16, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 JPMDB 2017-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 KIND 2021-KDIP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 KNDR 2021-KIND 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LAQ 2022-LAQ 
 March 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LCCM 2017-LC26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LIFE 2021-BMR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LIFE 2022-BMR2 
 May 24, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 LUXE 2021-MLBH 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Manhattan West 2020-1MW 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MARG 2019-MARG 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHC 2021-MHC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHC 2021-MHC2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHP 2021-STOR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MHP 2022-MHIL 
 January 25, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MRCD 2019-PARK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2012-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C13 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C19 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C20 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 7 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C22 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C24 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C26 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C28 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C29 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C30 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C31 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C32 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C34 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2015-MS1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2015-UBS8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2016-BNK2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2016-UBS12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2017-ASHF 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2017-CLS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2017-HR2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2018-H3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2018-H4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2018-SUN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2019-H6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2019-L3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2019-PLND 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2020-HR8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2021-ILP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2021-L6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSC 2022-L8 
 April 07, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSCI 2016-UBS11 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSCI 2016-UBS9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MSSG 2017-237P 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MTK 2021-GRNY 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 MTN 2022-LPFL 
 March 24, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMF 2022-MFP 
 March 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMS 2019-AMZ7B 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMS 2019-TRUE 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 NCMS 2020-AGC 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 October 18, 2022 
 
 NYO 2021-1290 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 OBPT 2019-OBP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 OMPT 2017-1MKT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ONE 2021-PARK 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ONYP 2020-1NYP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 OPG 2021-PORT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 PFP 2019-5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 June 17, 2022 
 
 PFP 2019-6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 PFP 2021-7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 8 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 PRK 2017-280P 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2019-FL3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2020-FL4 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2021-FL5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2021-FL6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2021-FL7 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2022-FL10 
 October 19, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2022-FL8 
 March 08, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RCMF 2022-FL9 
 June 30, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RIAL 2022-FL1 
 May 20, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 RLGH 2021-TROT 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SBALR 2020-RR1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SFO 2021-555 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SGCMS 2016-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SGCP 2019-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 June 15, 2022 
 
 SGCP 2021-FL3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SGCP 2022-FL4 
 June 27, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SLIDE 2018-FUN 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SMR 2022-IND 
 February 15, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SMRT 2022-MINI 
 February 08, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SPGN 2022-TFLM 
 February 25, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SREIT 2021-FLWR 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SREIT 2021-MFP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SREIT 2021-MFP2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 STWD 2021-HTS 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 TCO 2022-DPM 
 May 16, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 TPGI 2021-DGWD 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 TRTX 2018-FL2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 11, 2022 
 
 UBS 2017-C2 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2017-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2017-C5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C10 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C14 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2018-C8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2019-C16 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBS 2019-C18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBSBB 2012-C3 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 UBSBB 2013-C6 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 VASA 2021-VASA 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 VLS 2020-LAB 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WBHT 2019-WBM 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2013-LC12 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2014-LC18 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2015-LC22 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 9 of 10 

Exhibit A 

 Asserting Party's 2022 Servicing Platform 

Applicable Certification Period 
 
 Securitization Transaction 
 Start Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 WFCM 2016-BNK1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2016-C33 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2016-C36 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2016-NXS5 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2017-C38 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2017-C42 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2018-C43 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2018-C45 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2018-C47 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2019-C50 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2019-C53 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2019-C54 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2020-C55 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2022-C62 
 April 18, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2022-JS2 
 January 27, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFCM 2022-ONL 
 March 09, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WFRBS 2013-UBS1 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 WPT 2017-WWP 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 XAN 2020-RSO8 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 March 17, 2022 
 
 XAN 2020-RSO9 
 January 01, 2022 
 to 
 February 17, 2022 

Exhibit A - page 10 of 10 

</EX-34.5>

<EX-34.6>
 16
 ex346.htm

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Management of CoreLogic Solutions, LLC: 

 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying Management s
Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria, that CoreLogic Solutions, LLC (the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for
the commercial mortgage loan outsourcing customers on the FACTS and NTS 2001 platforms for which the Company served as the tax service
provider (the Platform as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(i iii), 1122(d)(1)(v),
1122(d)(2)(i), 1122(d)(2)(iii iv), 1122(d)(3)(i iv), 1122(d)(4)(i x), and 1122(d)(4)(xii xv), which management
has determined are not applicable to the activities performed by the Company with respect to the Platform. The Platform consists of the
transactions performed for commercial mortgage loan outsourcing customers for which the Company served as the tax service provider. Management
is responsible for the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria for the Platform based on
our examination. 

 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants, and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance
with the applicable servicing criteria for the Platform and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
Our examination included testing selected asset-backed transactions and securities constituting the Platform and evaluating whether the
Company performed servicing activities related to those transactions and securities in compliance with the applicable servicing criteria
for the period covered by this report. Accordingly, our testing may not have included servicing activities related to each asset-backed
transaction or security constituting the Platform. Further, our examination was not designed to detect material noncompliance that may
have occurred prior to the period covered by this report and that may have affected the Company s servicing activities during the
period covered by this report. We believe that our examination provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide
a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. 

 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to the engagement. 

In our opinion, management s assertion that CoreLogic Solutions,
LLC complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the commercial mortgage
loan outsourcing customers for which the Company served as the tax service provider is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

Kansas City, Missouri 
January 31, 2023 

</EX-34.6>

<EX-34.7>
 17
 ex347.htm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Directors and Shareholder KeyBank National Association 

 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying
Management s Assertion on Compliance with Regulation AB Servicing Criteria, that KeyBank National Association, as successor by merger
to KeyCorp Real Estate Capital Markets, Inc., (the Company) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 (d) of the Securities
and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for commercial real estate mortgage loans platform, except for the instance of material
noncompliance described therein, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, except for Item 1122 (d)(3)(i)(b), 1122 (d)(3)(i)(c),
1122 (d)(3)(i)(d), 1122 (d)(3)(ii), 1122 (d)(3)(iii) and 1122 (d)(3)(iv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities
performed by them with respect to the servicing platform covered by this report as noted in Appendix B of management s assertion.
See Appendix A of management s assertion for the asset backed transactions covered by this platform. Management is responsible for
the Company s compliance with those servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assertion
about the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria based on our examination. 

 Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards
established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of less than all
of the individual asset backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of less than all of the servicing activities
related to the Platform and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities
in compliance with the servicing criteria and as permitted by Regulation AB Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations of the Division
of Corporation Finance, Section 200.06, Vendors Engaged by Servicers (C DI 200.06). Furthermore, our procedures were
limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures
were not designed to determine whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the
balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any
other transactions. Although the Company is responsible for assessing compliance with Item 1122 (d)(1)(iii) of Regulation AB, there were
no servicing activities performed by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 that required these servicing criteria to be
complied with. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 1 

 A member firm of Ernst Young Global Limited 

Our examination disclosed the following material
noncompliance with servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(ix) applicable to the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. With respect to
servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(ix), the servicer did not consistently process adjustments to interest rates in accordance with pool asset
documents. 

 We are required to be independent of Key Bank National
Association and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our examination
engagement. 

 Our examination does not provide a legal determination
on the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 

 As described in management s assertion, for servicing
criteria 1122 (d)(4)(xi), the Company has engaged a vendor to perform the activities required by this servicing criteria. The Company
has determined that this vendor is not considered a servicer as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Company
has elected to take responsibility for assessing compliance with the applicable servicing criteria applicable to the vendor as permitted
by C DI 200.06. As permitted by C DI 200.06, the Company has asserted that it has policies and procedures in place designed to
provide reasonable assurance that the vendors activities comply in all material respects with servicing criteria applicable to
the vendor. The Company is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC requirements to apply C DI 200.06 for the vendor
and related criteria as described in its assertion, and we performed no procedures with respect to the Company s eligibility to
apply C DI 200.06. 

 In our opinion, except for the material noncompliance
described in the third paragraph, the Company complied with the aforementioned servicing criteria, including servicing criteria 1122 (d)(4)(xi)
for which compliance is determined based on C DI 200.06 as described above, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

February 22, 2023 

A member firm of Ernst Young Global Limited 

</EX-34.7>

<EX-34.23>
 18
 ex3423.htm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

 The Board of Directors 

 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association: 

 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying
ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA, that the Corporate Trust Services division of Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association (the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange
Commission s Regulation AB for residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS transactions, commercial mortgage-backed
securities CMBS transactions, and other asset-backed securities ABS transactions, in each case for which
the Company was appointed to provide document custody services, and for which either (a) some or all of the issued securities for such
RMBS, CMBS, and ABS transactions were publicly offered on or after January 1, 2006 pursuant to a registration statement delivered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or (b) the issued securities for such RMBS, CMBS, and ABS transactions were privately offered
on or after January 1, 2006 pursuant to an exemption from registration and the Company has an obligation under the transaction agreements
to deliver an assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria under Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB; provided however that,
the platform excludes any transactions for which the offered securities were issued, sponsored and/or guaranteed by any agency or instrumentality
of the U.S. government or any government-sponsored entity, other than certain RMBS transactions for which the offered securities were
issued, sponsored and/or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company (the Document Custody Platform as of and for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Appendix A to the ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA identifies
the individual asset-backed transactions and securities defined by management as constituting the Document Custody Platform. 

 Management has determined that the servicing criteria set forth in
Item 1122(d)(1)(ii) and 1122(d)(1)(iv) are applicable to the servicing activities performed by the Company with respect to the Document
Custody Platform as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 (the Applicable Servicing Criteria ). The Company s
management has determined that all other servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) are not applicable to the Company because the Company
does not perform activities with respect to the Document Custody Platform relating to those servicing criteria. Management is responsible
for the Company s compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s
assertion about the Company s compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria based on our examination. 

 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants to obtain reasonable assurance and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the
Company s compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. Our examination included testing selected asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Document Custody Platform,
testing selected servicing activities related to the Document Custody Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected
transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. Furthermore, our procedures
were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report.
Our procedures were not designed to determine whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have
affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by 

 KPMG LLP, a Delaware limited liability partnership and
a member firm of 
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with 
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 

this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions.
We believe that our examination provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on
the Company s compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. 

 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to the examination engagement. 

 In our opinion, management s assertion that the Company complied
with the aforementioned Applicable Servicing Criteria as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 is fairly stated, in all
material respects. 

 We do not express an opinion or any form of assurance on the statements
in Appendix B to the ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA. 

Chicago,
Illinois 
February 17, 2023 

</EX-34.23>

<EX-34.26>
 19
 ex3426.htm

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Audit Committee of Computershare
Trust Company, National Association 

 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying
 Assessment of Compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria: Computershare Corporate Trust - Document Custody Platform that
Computershare Trust Company, National Association (the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d)
of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation AB for the residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS transactions,
commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS transactions, and other asset-backed securities ABS transactions,
in each case for which the Company provides document custody services, either directly in the related role for such services or as the
agent of the party performing such services, and for which either (a) some or all of the issued securities for such RMBS, CMBS, and ABS
transactions were publicly offered on or after January 1, 2006 pursuant to a registration statement delivered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or (b) the issued securities for such RMBS, CMBS, and ABS transactions were privately offered on or after January
1, 2006 pursuant to an exemption from registration and the Company (and/or the party for whom it acts as agent) has an obligation under
the transaction agreements to deliver an assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria under Item 1122(d) of Regulation
AB; provided however that, the platform excludes any transactions for which the offered securities were issued, sponsored and/or guaranteed
by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. government or any government-sponsored entity, other than certain RMBS transactions for which
the offered securities were issued, sponsored and/or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company (the Document Custody
Platform ), as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended (the Period ), excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(i); 1122(d)(1)(iii);
1122(d)(1)(v); 1122(d)(2)(ivii); 1122(d)(3)(i-iv); and 1122(d)(4)(iv-xv), which Management has determined are not applicable to either
the Company s obligations, or the obligations of the party for whom the Company ultimately acts as agent, in either case under the
related transaction agreements with respect to the Document Custody Platform for the Period (as applicable, the Company s
Obligations provided however that, with respect to the Document Custody Platform (a) servicing criterion 1122(d)(4)(iii) is applicable
only as it relates to the Company s Obligation to review and maintain the required loan documents related to any additions, removals
or substitutions in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

 As described in management's assertion, for servicing criteria 1122(d)(4)(i) and
1122(d)(4)(ii), the Company has engaged a vendor to perform the activities required by these servicing criteria. The Company has determined
that this vendor is not considered a servicer as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Company has elected to
take responsibility for assessing compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to the vendor as permitted by Compliance and Disclosure
Interpretation 200.06 of the SEC Division of Corporation Finance s interpretations of the rules adopted under Regulation AB and
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act Interpretation 200.06 ). As permitted by Interpretation 200.06, the Company has asserted
that it has policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor's activities comply in all material
respects with the servicing criteria applicable to the vendor. The Company is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC
requirements to apply Interpretation 200.06 for the vendor and related criteria as described in its assertion, and we performed no procedures
with respect to the Company's determination of its eligibility to use Interpretation 200.06. 

 Appendix A to management's assertion identifies the individual asset-backed
transactions and securities defined by management as constituting the Document Custody Platform. 

 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 101 Seaport Boulevard, Boston, MA 02210 
T: (617) 530 5000, www.pwc.com/us 

The Company s management is responsible for its assertion and for the Company's
compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's assertion about the Company s
compliance with the applicable servicing criteria based on our examination. 

 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether management s assertion about compliance with the applicable servicing criteria is fairly stated, in all material respects,
and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of selected asset-backed
transactions and securities that comprise the Document Custody Platform, testing of selected servicing activities related to the Document
Custody Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in
compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed
by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to detect noncompliance arising from errors
that may have occurred prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the
Company during the period covered by this report. We believe that our examination provides, and that the evidence we obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide, a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s
compliance with the servicing criteria. 

 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement. 

 In our opinion, management s assertion that Computershare Trust
Company, National Association complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31,
2022 for the Document Custody Platform is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

Boston, Massachusetts 
February 15, 2023 

 Page 2 of 2 

</EX-34.26>

<EX-34.35>
 20
 ex3435.htm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors, The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 

We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying Management s
Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria, that Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank, National
Association Midland or the Company ), complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the
Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for all transactions serviced on the Enterprise! 
Loan Management System (the Platform as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii),
1122(d)(3)(i)(B), 1122(d)(3)(i)(C), 1122(d)(3)(i)(D), 1122(d)(3)(ii), 1122(d)(3)(iii), 1122(d)(3)(iv), and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company
has determined are not applicable to the servicing activities performed by them with respect to the Platform. Midland s management
is responsible for its assertion and for the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria based
on our examination. 

As described in management s assertion, for servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(i),
1122(d)(4)(i), 1122(d)(4)(iii), 1122(d)(4)(iv), 1122(d)(4)(vi), 1122(d)(4)(vii), 1122(d)(4)(xi), and 1122(d)(4)(xii), the Company has
engaged certain vendors to perform the activities required by these servicing criteria. The Company has determined that these vendors
are not considered servicers as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Company has elected to take responsibility
for assessing compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to each vendor as permitted by Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
200.06 of the SEC Division of Corporation Finance s interpretations of the rules adopted under Regulation AB and the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act Interpretation 200.06 ). As permitted by Interpretation 200.06, the Company has asserted that it
has policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable assurance that the vendors activities comply in all material
respects with the servicing criteria applicable to each vendor. The Company is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC
requirements to apply Interpretation 200.06 for the vendors and related criteria as described in its assertion, and we performed no procedures
with respect to the Company s determination of its eligibility to use Interpretation 200.06. 

Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether management s assertion about compliance with the applicable servicing criteria is fairly stated, in all material respects,
and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of selected asset-backed
transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of selected servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining
whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the applicable servicing
criteria. Our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period
covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to detect noncompliance arising from errors that may have occurred prior to or
subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered
by this report. We believe that our examination provides, and that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide,
a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the
servicing criteria. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 1100 Walnut Street, Suite 1300, Kansas City, Missouri
64106 
T: (816) 472 7921, www.pwc.com/us 

We are required to be independent and to meet our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement. 

In our opinion, management s assertion that Midland
complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 for all transactions serviced
on the Enterprise! Loan Management System is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

February 17, 2023 
Kansas City, Missouri 

2 

</EX-34.35>

<EX-35.1>
 21
 ex351.htm

ANNUAL STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE 

Per the applicable Servicing Agreement
for each of the transactions listed on Schedule I hereto, the undersigned, a duly authorized officer of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., in its
applicable capacity(ies) as listed on Schedule I Wells Fargo ), hereby certifies as follows as of and for the year ending
December 31, 2022 (the Reporting Period ): 

1. A review of Wells Fargo s activities during the Reporting Period and of its performance under the
applicable Servicing Agreement has been made under such officer s supervison; and 

2. To the best of such officer s knowledge, based on such review, Wells Fargo
has fulfilled all of its obligations under the applicable Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout the Reporting Period. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this Certificate as of the 24 th day of February 2023. 

Sean Reilly 
Managing Director 
Wells Fargo Bank 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

SCHEDULE I 
 
 Transaction 
 Servicing Agreement 
 Servicing Agreement Date 
 Wells Fargo Capacity(ies) 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2018 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 111Mass-2Penn 2006 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/18/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 1211 Avenue of the Americas 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/27/2015 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 20 Times Square Trust 2018- 20TS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/23/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 225 Liberty Trust 2016-225L 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/6/2016 
 Servicer 
 
 245 Park Ave Trust 245P 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/30/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 280 Park Ave 2017-280P 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/28/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 ACAM 2019-FL1 
 Servicing Agreement 
 12/7/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 ACCORMEZZ 
 Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 ACM 2016-1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2016 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 ACORE CREDIT IV REIT (WF) SPV LC 
 Servicing Agreement 
 11/16/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 ACRE 2014-FL2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/15/2014 
 Servicer 
 
 ACRE 2017-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 3/2/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 ACRE 2021-FL4 
 Servicing Agreement 
 1/28/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 AFHT 2019-FAIR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/15/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 AHPT 2017-ATRM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/29/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 AHPT 2018-ATRM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/19/2019 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 AHT 2018-ASHF 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/15/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 AHT 2018-KEYS 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/16/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 ALEN 2021-ACEN 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/24/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 Americold 2010-ART 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/15/2010 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 AOA 2015-1177 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/9/2015 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 AOA 2021-1177 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/4/2021 
 Master Servicer 
 
 ARCHETYPE 
 Servicing Agreement 
 1/20/2011 
 Servicer 
 
 AREIT 2018-CLO 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/28/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 AREIT 2018-CRE1 (CLO) 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/28/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 AREIT 2018-CRE2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 11/15/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 AREIT 2019-CRE3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/29/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 AREIT 2020-CRE4 
 Servicing Agreement 
 5/21/2020 
 Servicer 
 
 Aventura Mall 2018-AVM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/29/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 BACM 2016-UBS10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BACM 2017-BNK3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BAML 2014-520M 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/19/2014 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 

BAMLL 2014-FL1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/18/2014 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2015-200P 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/23/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2015-ASTR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/18/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2016-ISQR 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/17/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2016-SS1 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/17/2016 
 Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2017-SCH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/15/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2018-DSNY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/6/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2020-BOC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/27/2020 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BAMLL 2021-JACX 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/15/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 Bancorp 2016-CRE1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/6/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANCORP 2017-CRE2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/30/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Bancorp 2018-CRE3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/29/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Bancorp 2018-CRE4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/27/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANCORPWH 
 Servicing Agreement 
 9/7/2012 
 Servicer 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2017 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2017-BNK9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2018 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2018 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2018 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK13 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2018 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2018-BNK14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2018 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK16 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2019 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK17 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK18 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2019 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK19 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2019 
 General Master Servicer 

BANK 2019-BNK20 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2019 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK21 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK22 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2019 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK23 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2019-BNK24 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2019 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK25 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2020 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK26 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2020 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK27 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK29 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2020-BNK30 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK31 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK32 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK33 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK34 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK35 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK36 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK37 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2021-BNK38 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2021 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BARCLAYSWH 
 Servicing Agreement 
 1/24/2012 
 Servicer 
 
 BB UBS 2012 SHOW 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2012 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BB UBS 2012 TFT 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2012 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2015-SLP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2015-SLP MZ A 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2015 
 First Mezz Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2016-ETC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2017-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2017-GLKS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/29/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2018-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2018-CHRS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/9/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 

BBCMS 2018-RRI 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/27/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2019-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2019-CLP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/27/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2020-C7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2020-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2020 
 Special Servicer 
 
 BBCMS 2021-C11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2021 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BBCMS Trust 2013-TYSN 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2013 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BBSG 2016-MRP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2016 
 Servicer 
 
 BDS 2018-FL1 (CLO) 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/27/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2018-FL2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/7/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2019-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/8/2019 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2019-FL4 
 Servicing Agreement 
 7/30/2019 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2020-FL5 
 Servicing Agreement 
 1/24/2020 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2020-FL6 
 Servicing Agreement 
 9/30/2020 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2021-FL10 
 Servicing Agreement 
 12/2/2021 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2021-FL7 
 Servicing Agreement 
 5/24/2021 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2021-FL8 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/5/2021 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2021-FL9 
 Servicing Agreement 
 10/13/2021 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 Benchmark 2018-B1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Berkshire Mezz 
 Mezzanine Servicing Agreement 
 12/11/2020 
 Servicer 
 
 BHMS 2014-ATLS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2014 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 BHMS 2018-ATLS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/9/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 BHR 2018-PRME 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/6/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BLCP 2014-CLRN 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/6/2014 
 Servicer 
 
 BMARK 2018-B4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BMARK 2018-B5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BMARK 2019-B9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BPR 2021-TY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/23/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 BROERMWH 
 Servicing Agreement 
 12/27/2012 
 Servicer 
 
 BSREP 2021-DC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/16/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 BWAY 2015-1740 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/6/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BX 2018-EXCL 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/15/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 BX 2018-IND 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/10/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 BX 2021-21M 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/8/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 BX 2021-PAC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/2/2021 
 Master Servicer 

BX 2021-VIEW 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/15/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 BX 2021-VINO 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/27/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 BX 2021-XL2 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/9/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 BX Trust 2017-CQHP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/30/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 BXHPP 2021-FILM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/26/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 BXHTL 2015-JWRZ 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/30/2015 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 BXP 2017-CC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/9/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 BXP 2017-GM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/9/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 BXP 2021-601L 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/29/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 CAMB 2019-LIFE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/9/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 CapSource 2006-A 
 Servicing Agreement 
 6/29/2011 
 Servicer 
 
 CCRE 2015-RUM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/28/2015 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 CD 2016-CD2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CD 2017-CD5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CD 2017-CD6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CFCRE 2016-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CFCRE 2017-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2012-GC8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2013-375P 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/6/2013 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2013-GC15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2013-GC17 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2013-GCJ11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC19 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC21 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2014-GC25 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2015-GC27 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 

CGCMT 2015-GC31 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2015-GC33 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2015-P1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2016-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2016-GC36 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Special Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2016-GC37 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/2/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2016-P4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2017-B1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2017-MDDR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/6/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2017-P7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2017-P8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2018-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2019-C7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGCMT 2019-GC43 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CGWF 2013-RKWH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/9/2013 
 Servicer 
 
 CHT 2017-COSMO 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/15/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 City Center Trust 2011-CCHP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/8/2011 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CLMT 2016-CLNE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/18/2016 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CLNS 2017-IKMZ 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/30/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CLNS 2017-IKPR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/6/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 COLD 2017-ICE3 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/28/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 Comm 2010-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2010 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2011-FL1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2012-FL2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 

COMM 2012-LC4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE13 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2013-CCRE6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2013-WWP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2013 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-277P 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/6/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE15 
 Subservicing Agreement 
 2/1/2014 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-CCRE20 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-FL4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/20/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-FL5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/2/2014 
 Master/General Special Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-LC15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-LC17 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-PAT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2014-UBS5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2015-3BP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/6/2015 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE22 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE25 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2015-CCRE26 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2015-LC23 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2015-PC1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2016-787S 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2016 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2016-DC2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2017-DLTA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/3/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 2017-PANW 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2017 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 

COMM 2018-HOME 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 COMM 202-CX 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/5/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CORE 2015-CALW 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/9/2015 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CORE 2015-TEXW 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/16/2015 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CORE 2015-WEST 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/16/2015 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CORE 2019-CORE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/15/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 CPLV Trust 2017-VICI 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/30/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 CPTS 2019-CPT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/9/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSAIL 2015-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSAIL 2015-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSAIL 2016-C7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSAIL 2017-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSAIL 2018-C14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSAIL 2018-CX12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSCMT 2007-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSCMT 2007-C3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSCMT 2007-C3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSFB 1998-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/18/1998 
 Servicer 
 
 CSMC 2014-USA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/11/2014 
 Servicer 
 
 CSMC 2016-NXSR 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 CSMC 2017-CHOP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/28/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 CSMC 2017-TIME 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 CSMC 2018-SITE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/6/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 CSMC2017-PFHP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/19/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 CST 2017-SKY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/30/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 CSWF 2018-TOP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/28/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 CWSF 2021-SOP2 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/29/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 DBCG 2017-BBG 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/29/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 DBGS 2018-1 (2018-C1) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 

DBGS 2018-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBJPM 2016-SFC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBUBS 2011-LC3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBUBS 2011-LC3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2011 
 Special Servicer (Providence Place Mall) 
 
 DBUBS 2017-BRBK 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBUSB 2011-LC1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBWF 2015-LCM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/25/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBWF 2016-85T 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/6/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DBWF 2018-AMXP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 DCOT 2019-MTC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/30/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 DOLP 2021-NYC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/20/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 Extended Stay America Trust 2010-ESH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2010 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 First Key 2015-SFR1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FIVEMILE 
 Servicing Agreement 
 10/24/2012 
 Servicer 
 
 Freddie Mac 2011-K15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2011 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 Freddie Mac 2011-K702 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Freddie Mac 2011-K703 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Freddie Mac 2012-K706 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Freddie Mac 201-K12 (SS Only) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2011 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Freddie Mac Comm 2010 K8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2010 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2012-K18 (Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2012 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2012-K23 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2012-K711 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2012 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-K26 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-K27 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2013 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-K28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2013 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-K29 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-K32 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2013 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-K34 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2013 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-K502 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2013 
 Sub-Servicer 

FREMF 2013-K712 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2013 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2013-KS01 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2013 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-K36 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2014 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-K37 (Primary) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2014 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-K38 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2014 
 Special Servicer/Primary 
 
 FREMF 2014-K39 (Primary) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-K41 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2014 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-K716 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-KF03 (Primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2014 
 Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-KF05 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-KS02 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2014 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2014-KX01(primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2014 
 Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-K45 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2015 
 Primary/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-K46 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2015 
 Special Servicer/Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-K47 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-K50(WF Primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-K719 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2015 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-K721 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-KF10 (WF Primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-KF11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-KJ01 (WF Primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2015 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-KKA (WF Primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2015 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2015-KS03 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-K55 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2016 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-K56 (Primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2016 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-K60 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KBAM 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KBAM (Primary and Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Primary/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2016 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 

FREMF 2016-KF16 (Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2016 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF18 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2016 
 Special Servicer/Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF19 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF20 (Primary Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2016 
 Primary Servicer/Special 
 
 FREMF 2016-KF21 (Primary) 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2016 
 Sub Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KJ09 (Primary Backup SS) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Primary/Back Up Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KS06 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2016-KS07 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2016 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-K61 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-K67 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-K68 (Primary and Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2017 
 Primary Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-K69 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-K725 (Primary and Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2017 
 Special Servicer/Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-K729 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-KBF1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-KF28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-KF37 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-KF40 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-KGS1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-KS08 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2017-KSW3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2017 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-K73 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2018 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-K77 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-K79 (Primary Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2018 
 Special Servicer/Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-K81 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-K84 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2018 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KBF2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2018 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KBX1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF42 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 

FREMF 2018-KF50 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF53 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2018 
 Special Servicer/Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF55 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KF56 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2018 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KI01 (Special Only) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2018 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KI03 (Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2018 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KJ19 (Primary Primary Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2018 
 Primary Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KL02 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2018 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer (Pantzer and Bedrock Loan) 
 
 FREMF 2018-KSL1 (Special) 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2018 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2018-KW05 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2018 
 Special Servicer/Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-K100 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-K102 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-K734 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-K735 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-K736 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2019 
 Special Servicer/Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-K92 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-K94 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-KBF3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-KF60 (Primary Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2019 
 Special Servicer/Sub-Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-KF73 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-KJ27 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2019 
 Backup Special Servicer/Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-KS12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2019-KW10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-K104 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-K108 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2020 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-K109 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/202 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K111 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K112 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K113 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K114 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-K115 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 

FREMF 2020-K116 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2020 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-K118 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K119 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K122 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K1517 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-K737 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-K738 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2020 
 Primary and Special 
 
 FREMF 2020-K739 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-K740 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF74 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF75 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF77 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF78 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF79 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF81 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF82 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2020 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF83 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF86 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF88 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF89 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF90 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF91 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF92 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF93 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2020 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF94 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KF95 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KG04 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KHG2 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2020 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KI05 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KJ28 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2020 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KJ29 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-KJ30 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-KJ31 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-KJ32 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2020 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KS14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2020-KSG1 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2020 
 Primary 
 
 FREMF 2020-KX04 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2020 
 Primary and Special 
 
 FS Rialto 2019-FL1 
 Servicing Agreement 
 12/5/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 5/5/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 11/4/2021 
 Servicer 

FUNB 2001-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/10/2001 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GACM 2019-FL1 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 6/6/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 GACM 2020-FL2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 1/5/2020 
 Servicer 
 
 GAHR 2015-NRF 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/9/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 GCCFC 2004-GG1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/13/2004 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GCCFC 2004-GG1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/13/2004 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GCCFC 2005-GG5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/3/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GCCFC 2007-GG9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Goldman One Market Plaza 2017-1MKT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/6/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GPBLT 2005-1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/13/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GPMT 2018-FL1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/9/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GPMT 2019-FL2 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 2/28/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 GPMT 2021-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 5/14/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 GRACE 2014-GRCE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/6/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GRACE 2020-GRCE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/18/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Greenwich 2007-GG11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GS 2013-GC13 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GS 2016-GS4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GS 2017-STAY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/15/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2010-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2010 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2011-GC3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2011-GC5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2012 -TMSQ 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2012 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2012-BWTR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2012 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2012-GCJ7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2012GCJ9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2012-SHOP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2012 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2013-GC10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2013-GCJ14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 

GSMS 2013-GCJ16 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2013-KING 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2013 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2013-KYO 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/15/2013 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2014-GC18 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2014-GC22 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2014-GC26 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2015-590M 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/10/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2015-GC28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2015-GC34 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2015-GS1 (Special) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2016-RENT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/18/2016 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2016-RENT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/18/2016 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2017-375H 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/6/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2017-500K 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/15/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2017-GS7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2017-GS8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2017-SLP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/6/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2018-3PCK 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/27/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2018-CHILL 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/5/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2018-GS10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2018-GS9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2018-RIVR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/27/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2018-SPR5 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/15/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2018-TWR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/31/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2019-GC38 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2020-GC47 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2021-ARDN 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/10/2021 
 Special Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2021-GSA3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2021 
 Master Servicer 
 
 GSMS 2021-IP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/15/2021 
 Servicer 

GSMSC 2006-GSFL VIII 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/10/2006 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 GSMSC 2010-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2010 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 H/2 Financial Funding I (WF Repo) 
 Servicing Agreement 
 5/9/2011 
 Servicer 
 
 H/2 SO III (WF REPO) 
 Servicing Agreement 
 7/14/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 H2 Financial Funding (Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf)/Strategic Asset Services LLC Warehouse 
 Servicing and Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 1/31/2017 
 Sub-Servicer 
 
 H2 SO III (WF Repo)/Washington Sub 
 Servicing Agreement 
 7/14/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 HBST 2015-HBS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 HERA 2021-FL1 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/25/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 Hilton Orlando Trust 2018-ORL 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/6/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 Hilton USA Trust 2016-HHV 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/28/2016 
 Servicer 
 
 Hilton USA Trust 2016-SFP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/22/2016 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 HMH 2017-NSS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/28/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 HUDSON YARDS 2016-10HY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/6/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Hudson Yards 2019-30HY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/6/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Hudson Yards 2019-55HY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/6/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 IMT 2017-APTS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/9/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 JAX 2019-LIC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/15/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 JP Morgan 2012-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JP Morgan CHT 2016-COSMO 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/9/2016 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JP Morgan PCT 2016-PLSD 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/29/2016 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2013-C15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2013-C17 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2014-C21 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2014-C22 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2014-C23 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2014-C24 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2014-C25 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2014 
 Master 
 
 JPMBB 2015-C28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2015-C29 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 

JPMBB 2015-C30 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2015-C32 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2015-C33 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMBB 2016-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMC 2005-LDP2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMC 2006-LDP7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMC 2006-LDP9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMC 2012-CIBX 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2011-PLSD 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/9/2011 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2013-ALC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/21/2013 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2013-C16 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2014-C20 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2014-DSTY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/4/2014 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2014-FL5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/29/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2015-COSMO 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/30/2015 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2015-JP1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2016-ASH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/30/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2016-JP2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2016-NINE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/26/2016 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2017-FL10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/10/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2017-JP7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2017-MARK 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2018-ASH8 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/28/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2018-LAQ 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/6/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2018-PTC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/16/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2021-1440 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/5/2021 
 Special Servicer 
 
 JPMCC 2021-2NU 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/29/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 JPMDB 2016-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMDB 2016-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 

JPMDB 2016-JP4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMDB 2017-C5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JPMDB 2018-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 JWM 2017 Mezzanine Trust 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 LB 1998-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/1998 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LB 1999-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/1999 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2001-C3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/11/2001 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2003-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/11/2003 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2004-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/12/2004 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2004-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/11/2004 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2004-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/11/2004 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2004-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/12/2004 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2005-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/11/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2005-C5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/11/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2005-C5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/11/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2005-C7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/11/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2006-C3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/13/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2006-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/12/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2006-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/11/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LBUBS 2006-C7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/13/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2013-GCP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2013 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2014-909 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2017-FL1 
 Servicing Agreement 
 10/17/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2017-FL2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/21/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2017-LC26 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2020-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 4/27/2020 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2021-FL2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 7/13/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 LCCM 2021-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 12/2/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 Leonardo Asset Fund 
 Mezzanine Servicing Agreement 
 9/23/2020 
 Servicer 
 
 Lone Star/LSTAR I, LLC (WF Repo) 
 Servicing Agreement 
 9/22/2016 
 Servicer 
 
 LSTAR 2015-3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 

LSTAR 2016-4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LSTAR 2017-5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 LVSIREPO 
 Servicing Agreement 
 12/15/2008 
 Servicer 
 
 MAD 2017-330M 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/15/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 Manhattan West 2020-1MW 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/28/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MED 2021-MDLN 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/15/2021 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MKT 2020-525M 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/26/2020 
 Servicer 
 
 MOFT 2020-ABC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/26/2020 
 Servicer 
 
 MS2012-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C13 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2013-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C16 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C17 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C18 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2014-C19 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C22 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C23 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2015 
 Master/Excluded Mortgage Loan Special Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C24 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C25 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C26 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Master Servicer and initial Excluded Special Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2015-C27 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C29 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C30 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2016-C31 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 

MSBAM 2016-C32 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C33 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSBAM 2017-C34 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSC 2011-C3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSC 2014-MP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/7/2014 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSC 2016-BNK2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSC 2016-PSQ 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSC 2017-ASH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/9/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 MSC 2017-HR2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSC 2018-H3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSC 2018-MP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/7/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSC 2019-L3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSC 2020-HR8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSC 2021-PLZA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2021 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSCCG 2018-SELF 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/30/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSCI 2007-HQ13 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSCI 2007-IQ14 (Primary only) 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2007 
 Master/ Special Servicer 
 
 MSCI 2015-420 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/7/2015 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSDB 2017-712F 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/25/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSDWMC 2000-F1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2000 
 Master Servicer 
 
 MSJP 2015-HAUL 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MSSG 2017-237P 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/9/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 MTRO 2019-TECH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/9/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 NCMS 2018-ALXA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/23/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 NCMS 2018-FL1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/6/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 NCMS 2018-TECH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/31/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 New Orleans 2019-HNLA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/15/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 NLY 2014-FL1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 NRFCIIREPO 
 Servicing Agreement 
 10/15/2013 
 Servicer 
 
 NSREITDOR 
 Servicing Agreement 
 6/2/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 NXT Capital Funding II 
 Servicing Agreement 
 7/28/2010 
 Servicer 

NYT 2019-NYT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/30/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 ONE BRYANT PARK 2019-OBP 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/21/2019 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 ONYP 2020-1NYP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/29/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 PFP 2015-2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/3/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 PFP 2017-3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 3/22/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 PFP 2017-4 
 Servicing Agreement 
 10/5/2017 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 PFP 2019-5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/25/2019 
 Master/ Special Servicer 
 
 PFP 2019-6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/5/2019 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 PFP III 2014-1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/9/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 PFPIII 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/9/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 PFPIIIWFB 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/9/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 QCMT 2013-QC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2013 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 RBS 2010-MB1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/22/2010 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 RBSCF 2013-GSP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/6/2013 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 RBSCF 2013-SMV 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2013 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 RESOURCE 2014-CRE2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 7/30/2014 
 Servicer 
 
 RESOURCREP 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/27/2012 
 Servicer 
 
 ROC Debt Strategies II 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/24/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 RSO 2015-CRE3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/24/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 RSO 2015-CRE4 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/18/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 Sasco 2008-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/22/2008 
 Master Servicer 
 
 SBL 2016-KIND 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/6/2016 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 Series 2013-SRP1 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 SGCM 2016-C5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 SGCMS 2019-787E 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/20/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 SGCMS 2020-COVE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/12/2020 
 Servicer 
 
 SGCP 2018-FL1 
 Servicing Agreement 
 7/31/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 SFAVE 2015-5AVE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/11/2015 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 SLG 2021-OVA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/24/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 SLGJPMREPO 
 Servicing Agreement 
 1/28/2013 
 Servicer 
 
 SREIT 2021-FLWR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/22/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 SREIT 2021-IND 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/28/2021 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 

SREIT 2021-MFP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/9/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 SREIT 2021-PALM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/21/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 SRPT 2014-STAR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/14/2014 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 STARCITI6 
 Servicing Agreement 
 3/26/2012 
 Servicer 
 
 STWD 2018-URB 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/9/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 STWD 2019-FL1 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/15/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 STWD 2021-FL2 
 Servicing Agreement 
 5/5/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 STWD 2021-HTS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/29/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 STWD 2021-HTS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/29/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 STWD 2021-LIH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/22/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 Theraldson COMM 2011- THCNL 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2011 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 Times Square Hotel Trust 2001 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/9/2001 
 Servicer 
 
 TMSQ 2014-1500 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/10/2014 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 TRTX 2018-FL1 
 Sub Servicing Agreement 
 2/14/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 TRU 2016-TOYS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/3/2016 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 UBS 2012-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS 2017-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS 2017-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS 2017-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS 2017-C7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS 2018-C10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS 2019-C17 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS 2019-C18 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS-Barclays 2012-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS-Barclays 2012-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBS-Citigroup 2011-C1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UBSCM 2018-NYCH 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/26/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 UCB 2007-1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/31/2007 
 Servicer/ Special Servicer 
 
 US 2018-USDC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/9/2018 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 

VLS 2020-LAB 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/6/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Vornado DP LLC 2010-VNO 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/18/2010 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 WABR 2016-BOCA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/18/2016 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Wachovia 2003-C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2003 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Wachovia 2003-C9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2003 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Wachovia 2004-C11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2004 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Wachovia 2004-C15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2004 
 Master/ Special Servicer 
 
 Wachovia 2005-C21 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2005 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WACHOVIA 2006-C24 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2006 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Wachovia 2007-C31 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Wachovia 2007-C33 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2007 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Wachovia CRE CDO 2006-1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/11/2006 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 WB FNB 2004-1 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/22/2004 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 WB RDI 2004-1 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/22/2004 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 WBHT 2019-WBM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/20/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCG 2015-BXRP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2015 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2013-120B 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2013 
 Master/Special Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2013-BTC 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2013-LC12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2014-LC16 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2014-LC18 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2014 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2014-TISH 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-C26 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2015 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-C27 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-C28 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-C29 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2015 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-C30 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-C31 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-LC20 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2015 
 General Master Servicer 

WFCM 2015-LC22 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2015 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-NXS1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-NXS2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-NXS3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2015 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-NXS4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-P2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2015-SG1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2015 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-BNK1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-C32 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-C33 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-C34 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-C35 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-C36 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-C37 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-LC24 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-LC25 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-NXS5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2016-NXS6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2016 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-C38 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-C39 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-C40 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-C41 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-C42 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-HSDB 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/30/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-RB1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2017 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-RC1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2017 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2017-SMP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 12/21/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-1745 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/2/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-AUS 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/30/2018 
 Servicer 

WFCM 2018-BX1 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/25/2018 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-C43 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-C44 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-C45 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-C46 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-C47 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2018-C48 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2018 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2019-C49 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2019-C50 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2019-C51 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2019-C52 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2019-C53 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2019-C54 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2019 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2019-JWDR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 10/8/2019 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2020-C55 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2020-C56 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2020-C57 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2020-C58 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2020 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2021-C59 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2021 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2021-C60 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2021 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2021-C61 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2021 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2021-FCMT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/14/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2021-SAVE 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/17/2021 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM12LC5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2016 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFLD 2014-MONT 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2011-C2 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2011-C3 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2011-C4 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2011-C5 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2011 
 Master Servicer 

WFRBS 2012 C6 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2012 C7 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2012-C10 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2012-C8 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2012-C9 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2012 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C11 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C12 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C13 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2013 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C15 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2013 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C16 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2013 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C17 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-C18 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2013-UBS1 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2013 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C19 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2014 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C20 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2014 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C21 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2014 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C22 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C23 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C24 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFRBS 2014-C25 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2014 
 Master 
 
 WFRBS 2014-LC14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2014 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WTOWN 2017-KNOX 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2017 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 WWPT 2017-WWP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/10/2017 
 Servicer 
 
 7 World Trade Center 
 Servicing Agreement 
 3/15/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK39 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2022 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK40 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2022 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK41 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2022 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK42 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2022 
 General Master Servicer 

BANK 2022-BNK43 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2023 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BANK 2022-BNK44 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2022 
 General Master Servicer 
 
 BDS 2022-FL11 
 Servicing Agreement 
 4/14/2022 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BDS 2022-FL12 
 Servicing Agreement 
 9/22/2022 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BPR 2022-OANA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 4/19/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 BPR 2022-STAR 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/18/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 BX 2022-AHP 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/15/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 BX 2022-CSMO 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 6/9/2022 
 Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 BX 2022-GPA 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/29/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 CXP 2022-CXP1 (Special only) 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 9/20/2022 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Fort CRE 2022-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/24/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K139 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K140 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K141 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K142 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K143 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K146 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K148 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K149 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K150 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 10/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K151 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K152 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K747 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K748 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K749 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-K750 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF128 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 1/1/2022 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF130 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2022 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF131 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 

FREMF 2022-KF132 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF133 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF134 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF135 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF136 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF137 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF138 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 6/1/2022 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF140 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF141 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2022 
 Master Servicer/Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF142 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF143 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF145 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF146 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 11/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF147 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KF148 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KI09 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2022 
 Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ37 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ38 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 3/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer/Backup Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ39 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ40 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 7/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ41 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 8/1/2022 
 Primary Special Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ42 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KJ43 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KSG3 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 5/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FREMF 2022-KSG4 
 Sub-Servicing Agreement 
 9/1/2022 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 FRETE 2022-ML14 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2022 
 Primary Special Servicer 
 
 FS Rialto 2022-FL4 
 Servicing Agreement 
 3/31/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 FS Rialto 2022-FL5 
 Servicing Agreement 
 6/16/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 FS Rialto 2022-FL6 
 Servicing Agreement 
 8/25/2022 
 Servicer 

FS Rialto 2022-FL7 
 Servicing Agreement 
 12/7/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 INTOWN 2022-STAY 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 8/15/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Potomac Tower 2022-1 
 Servicing Agreement 
 4/4/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 RIAL 2022-FL8 
 Servicing Agreement 
 5/20/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 SPGN 2022-TFLM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 2/25/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 STWD 2022-FL3 
 Servicing Agreement 
 2/1/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 TCO 2022-DPM 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 5/16/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2022-C62 
 Pooling and Servicing Agreement 
 4/1/2022 
 Master Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2022-JS2 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 1/27/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 WFCM 2022-ONL 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 3/9/2022 
 Servicer 
 
 WMRK 2022-WMRK 
 Trust and Servicing Agreement 
 11/9/2022 
 Servicer 

</EX-35.1>

<EX-35.2>
 22
 ex352.htm

ANNUAL STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE 
 of 
 CWCAPITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT
 LLC 
 
 In accordance with the requirements of the applicable Servicing Agreement for the transactions listed on Schedule I hereto, the undersigned, James P. Shevlin, as President/Chief Operating Officer of CWCapital Asset Management LLC CWCAM ), hereby certifies as of the date hereof, solely in his capacity and as an authorized officer of CWCAM and not in his individual capacity, subject to any limitations listed on Schedule I, as follows: 

(a) A
 review of CWCAM s activities during the periods noted on Schedule I (each, a Reporting Period and of
 CWCAM s performance under the applicable Servicing Agreement has been made under my supervision; and 

(b) 
 To the best of my knowledge, based on such review, CWCAM has fulfilled all of its obligations under
 the applicable Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout the applicable Reporting Period. 

Dated: February 28, 2023 
 
 CWCapital Asset Management LLC 

James P. Shevlin 
 
 President/Chief Operating Officer 

Bruce Cunningham 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Schedule
I: 

Transaction 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 Servicing
 
 Agreement 
 Date 
 CWCAM
 Role 
 Reporting
 Period 
 
 Aventura
 2018-AVM 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/29/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BACM
 2007-1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2007 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BACM
 2007-5 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2007 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 04/11/2022 
 
 BACM
 2008-1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/01/2008 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BANCORP
 2019-CRE6 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 09/26/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BANK
 2017-BNK5 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/01/2017 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 06/21/2022 
 
 BANK
 2020-BNK27 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/01/2020 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BANK
 2021-BNK37 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/01/2021 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BANK
 2020-BNK25 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2020 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 12/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BANK
 2022-BNK40 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2022 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 03/10/2022 12/31/2022 
 
 BENCHMARK
 2018-B4 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/01/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BENCHMARK
 2018-B8 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BENCHMARK
 2019-B13 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/01/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 06/24/2022 
 
 BENCHMARK
 2021-B23 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BHMS
 2018-ATLS 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/09/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BMARK
 2018-B2 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BMARK
 2019-B12 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 08/01/2019 
 Centre
 Loan 
 Combination Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BMARK
 2021-B30 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/01/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 

2 

Transaction 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 Servicing
 
 Agreement 
 Date 
 CWCAM
 Role 
 Reporting
 Period 
 
 BMO
 2022-C1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2022 
 Special
 Servicer 
 02/28/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BPR
 2021-NRD 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/22/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BPR
 2022-SSP 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/03/2022 
 Special
 Servicer 
 06/03/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BSCMS
 2007-PWR18 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2007 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BSCMS
 2007-TOP26 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/01/2007 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BX
 2017-CQHP 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/30/2017 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 BX
 2019-ATL 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/09/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CF
 2019-CF1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/01/2019 
 65
 Broadway 
 Whole Loan 
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CFCRE
 2016-C3 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 01/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CGCMT
 2016-P4 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CGCMT
 2016-P6 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CGCMT
 2020-GC46 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2020 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 COBALT
 2007-C2 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/01/2007 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 COMM
 2013-CCRE11 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/01/2013 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 COMM
 2015-CCRE23 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 05/01/2015 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 01/19/2022 
 
 COMM
 2015-CCRE25 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 08/01/2015 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 COMM
 2015-CCRE26 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/01/2015 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 COMM
 2016-CCRE28 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 COMM
 2016-DC2 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 

3 

Transaction 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 Servicing
 
 Agreement 
 Date 
 CWCAM
 Role 
 Reporting
 Period 
 
 COMM
 2019-GC44 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 for the 180 Water 
 Whole Loan 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 COMM
 2021-LBA 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/17/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 01/18/2022 
 
 COMM
 2022-HC 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 01/26/2022 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/26/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CPTS
 2019-CPT 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/09/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CSAIL
 2017-CX10 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/01/2017 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CSMC
 2008-C1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/01/2008 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 CSMC
 2014-USA 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 09/11/2014 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 DBJPM
 2020-C9 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 08/01/2020 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 DBUBS
 2011-LC3 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 08/01/2011 
 Pooled
 Special 
 Servicer 
 10/20/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 DCOT
 2019-MTC 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/30/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 DROP
 2021-FILE 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/30/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 EQUS
 2021-EQAZ 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/03/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2012-GCJ7 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/01/2012 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2014-GC22 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/01/2014 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2014-GC26 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2014 
 Cypresswood
 
 Court Shopping 
 Center Special 
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2015-GC32 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/01/2015 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2018-RIVR 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/27/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 09/30/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2019-BOCA 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/26/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 05/16/2022 

4 

Transaction 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 Servicing
 
 Agreement 
 Date 
 CWCAM
 Role 
 Reporting
 Period 
 
 GSMS
 2020-GC45 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 01/01/2020 
 Starwood
 Special 
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2020-TWN3 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/04/2020 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2021
 08/15/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2021-ROSS MZ 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/04/2021 
 Mezzanine
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 GSMS
 2021-STAR 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/22/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 HGI
 2022-FL3 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 03/31/2022 
 Special
 Servicer 
 03/31/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 HILT
 2016-HHV 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/28/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 Hudson
 Yards 2019-55HY 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/06/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMBB
 2014-C19 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/01/2014 
 Gumberg
 Retail 
 Portfolio Whole 
 Loan Special 
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMBB
 2015-C33 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/01/2015 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMC
 2006-CIBC17 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/28/2006 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMC
 2006-LDP9 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2006 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMCC
 2008-C2 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 05/01/2008 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMC
 2018-LAQ 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/6/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 03/15/2022 
 
 JPMCC
 2013-C10 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2013 
 Special
 Servicer 
 11/16/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMCC
 2013-C16 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/01/2013 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 03/16/2022 
 
 JPMCC
 2017-JP7 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/01/2017 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMCC
 2018-ASH8 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/28/2018 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMCC
 2019-ICON UES 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 05/16/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 

5 

Transaction 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 Servicing
 
 Agreement 
 Date 
 CWCAM
 Role 
 Reporting
 Period 
 
 JPMCC
 2020-NNN 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/05/2020 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMCC
 2021-MHC 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/20/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 JPMDB
 2017-C5 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2017 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 LBUBS
 2006-C6 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 09/11/2006 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 LUXE
 2021-MLBH 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/04/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 11/15/2022 
 
 MHC
 2021-MHC 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/09/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MHC
 2021-MHC2 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 05/27/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MHP
 2021-STOR 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/14/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MLCFC
 2006-1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2006 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MLCFC
 2006-4 
 Amended
 and Restated Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of December 1, 2006 
 03/12/2010 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 01/12/2022 
 
 MLCFC
 2007-5 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2007 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MLCFC
 2007-6 
 Amended
 and Restated Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of April 1, 2007 
 02/21/2017 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/14/2022 
 
 MLMT
 2006-C1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 05/01/2006 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MOFT
 2020-ABC 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/26/2020 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MSBAM
 2013-C12 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/01/2013 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MSBAM
 2014-C15 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 04/01/2014 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 

6 

Transaction 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 Servicing
 
 Agreement 
 Date 
 CWCAM
 Role 
 Reporting
 Period 
 
 MSBAM
 2014-C19 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2014 
 Special
 Servicer 
 for the Linc LIC 
 Loan Pair 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MSBAM
 2015-C27 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/01/2015 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MSC
 2016-UBS11 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 08/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MSC
 2019-PLND 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 05/30/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MSC
 2021-ILP 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/30/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 MSCI
 2016-UBS9 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 NOHT
 2019-HNLA 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 05/15/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 ONE
 2021-PARK 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/26/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 OPG
 2021-PORT 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/07/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 PKHL
 2021-MF 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/09/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 SMR
 2022-IND 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/15/2022 
 Special
 Servicer 
 02/15/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 SREIT
 2021-FLWR 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/22/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 SREIT
 2021-MFP 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/09/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 SREIT
 2021-PALM 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/21/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 UBS
 2017-C1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 06/01/2017 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 VNDO
 2016-350P 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/06/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WBCMT
 2006-C23 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 03/01/2006 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WBCMT
 2006-C28 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/01/2006 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 

7 

Transaction 
 Servicing
 Agreement 
 Servicing
 
 Agreement 
 Date 
 CWCAM
 Role 
 Reporting
 Period 
 
 WBCMT
 2007-C33 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 08/01/2007 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WBCMT
 2007-C34 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 11/01/2007 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WBHT
 2019-WBM 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/20/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFCM
 2016-C35 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 07/01/2016 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFCM
 2016-NXS6 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/01/2016 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFCM
 2019-JWDR 
 Trust
 and Servicing Agreement 
 10/08/2019 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFCM
 2021-C61 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2021 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFRBS
 2013-C11 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 02/01/2013 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFRBS
 2013-C15 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 08/01/2013 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFRBS
 2013-UBS1 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/01/2013 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFRBS
 2014-C22 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 09/01/2014 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFRBS
 2014-C23 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 09/01/2014 
 General
 Special Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 
 
 WFRBS
 2014-C25 
 Pooling
 and Servicing Agreement 
 12/1/2014 
 Special
 Servicer 
 01/01/2022
 12/31/2022 

8 

</EX-35.2>

<EX-35.3>
 23
 ex353.htm

ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE 

Pursuant to the requirements of applicable Servicing Agreement for each of the transactions listed on Schedule I hereto, the undersigned,
duly authorized officers of Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, in its applicable capacity(ies) as listed on Schedule I ("Deutsche Bank"), hereby certifies as follows as of and for the year
ending December 31, 2022 (the "Reporting Period"): 

A) A review of Deutsche Bank's activities during the Reporting Period and of its
performance under the applicable Servicing Agreement has been made under such officer's supervision; and 

B) To the best of such officer's knowledge, based on such review, Deutsche Bank has fulfilled all of its obligations
under the applicable Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout the Reporting Period. 

/s/ Katherine M. Wannenmacher 
 By: Katherine M. Wannenmacher 

 Title: Vice President 

 Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Karlene Collins 
 By: Karlene Collins 

 Title: Vice President 

 Date: March 1, 2023 

 Confidential 

Schedule I 

Commercial Mortgage Pass- Through Certificates 
 Agreement Date 
 Deutsche Bank Role 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation DBUBS 2011-LC2 
 June 1, 2011 
 Certificate Administrator 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2012-LC4 
 March 1, 2012 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2012-CCRE3 
 October 1, 2012 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2012-LTRT 
 October 1, 2012 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation BWAY 2013-1515 
 March 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-CCRE6 
 March 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-SFS 
 April 3, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-CCRE8 
 June 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-CCRE9 
 July 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-300P 
 August 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-LC13 
 September 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-CCRE11 
 October 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2013-CCRE13 
 December 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2014-CCRE14 
 January 1, 2014 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation DBCCRE 2014-ARCP 
 January 1, 2014 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2014-UBS2 
 March 1, 2014 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2014-CCRE17 
 May 1, 2014 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2014-UBS4 
 July 1, 2014 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2015-CCRE22 
 March 1, 2015 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2015-LC21 
 June 1, 2015 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation DBWF 2015-LCM 
 June 25, 2015 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2015-CCRE25 
 August 1, 2015 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2016-DC2 
 March 1, 2016 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation COMM 2016-787S 
 March 1, 2016 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation DBJPM 2016-SFC 
 August 1, 2016 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation DBWF 2016-85T 
 December 6, 2016 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

SFAVE Commercial Mortgage Securities 2015-5AVE 
 February 11, 2015 
 Certificate Administrator and Custodian 

UBS-Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2011-C1 
 December 1, 2011 
 Certificate Administrator, Custodian and Trustee 

UBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2012-C1 
 May 1, 2012 
 Certificate Administrator, Custodian and Trustee 

UBS-Barclays Commercial Mortgage Trust 2012-C3 
 September 1, 2012 
 Certificate Administrator, Custodian and Trustee 

UBS-Barclays Commercial Mortgage Trust 2013-C5 
 February 1, 2013 
 Certificate Administrator, Custodian and Trustee 

Confidential 

</EX-35.3>

<EX-35.4>
 24
 ex354.htm

Statement of Compliance 

 For the Period of January 1 through December
31, 2022 (Reporting Period) 

Re: Transactions per Appendix A 

I, Craig Younggren, in my capacity as Senior Vice
President of KeyBank National Association successor by merger to KeyCorp Real Estate Capital Markets, Inc., (KeyBank), do hereby state
that: 

A review of the Master, Primary and Special Servicing activities
of KeyBank during the Reporting Period and of its performance, pertaining to the Transactions and the related Agreements listed in Appendix
A, has been made under my supervision, and, 

To the best of my knowledge, based on such review, KeyBank
has fulfilled all of its obligations pertaining to the Transactions and the related Agreements listed in Appendix A in all material respects
throughout the Reporting Period. 

Date: February 22, 2023 

By: /s/ Craig Younggren 

 Name: Craig Younggren 

 Title: Senior Vice President 

KeyBank
National Association 

 11501 Outlook Street,
 Suite 300 Overland
Park, KS 66211 

 Toll Free (888)
979-1200 Direct (913) 317-4100 
 www.keybank.com 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 3650 REIT Commercial Mortgage Securities II LLC 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 3650 REIT Commercial Mortgage Securities II LLC Series 2022-PF2 
 11/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 American Finance Properties LLC 2019-1 
 05/30/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF68 
 10/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-Q009 
 07/09/2019 
 Special 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-SB59 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-K118 
 10/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-SB76 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-K123 
 01/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Amherst Pierpont Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-SB84 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2008-LSI 
 03/01/2008 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2005-1 
 04/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2005-4 
 09/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2006-4 
 08/01/2006 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2007-1 
 02/01/2007 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2007-4 
 11/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2007-5 
 12/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2008-1 
 06/01/2008 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2010-K9 
 11/01/2010 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2012-K21 
 11/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2013-K25 
 02/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2013-K33 
 10/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2015-K51 
 12/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2015-SB10 
 12/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-K722 
 06/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-C31 
 11/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-C32 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-K59 
 11/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-KJ08 
 10/01/2016 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-KJ09 
 11/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-KX02 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2016-UBS10 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-BNK3 
 02/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-BNK6 
 07/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-C34 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-K66 
 08/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-K70 
 12/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-KMP1 
 09/01/2017 
 Master 

Page 1 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-SB37 
 09/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-BNK15 
 11/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-K1507 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-K82 
 10/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KF45 
 05/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KJ20 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KJ21 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KJ22 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2018-KL03 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-BNK24 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-K103 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-K88 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-K90 
 04/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KC04 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KC06 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KF67 
 09/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2019-KW09 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-BHP3 
 11/05/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-BNK27 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-BNK30 
 12/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K105 
 03/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K109 
 05/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K114 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-K124 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-KF87 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2020-KF91 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-BNK33 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-BNK36 
 10/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-K745 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-KF103 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2021-KF110 
 05/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-BNK39 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-BNK42 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K137 
 01/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K147 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2012-PARK 
 12/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2017-AMO 
 06/20/2017 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2019-RLJ 
 05/30/2019 
 Master/Special 

Page 2 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2021-BXMF 
 11/08/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2021-LBA 
 02/16/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2021-MLBH 
 11/04/2021 
 Master 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2022-LBA6 
 02/22/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Banc of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. Series 2019-AHT 
 04/05/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2017-KF31 
 06/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K148 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc. Series 2022-K151 
 11/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch Large Loan Inc. 2022-PSB 
 08/15/2022 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-VFM 
 03/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-K69 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-C2 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-CBM 
 08/15/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K1506 
 08/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K72 
 01/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K74 
 03/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K78 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-K81 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-KW07 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2018-TALL 
 03/28/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-B3B4 
 07/11/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-BWAY 
 11/26/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-C3 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-C4 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-C5 
 11/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-CALM 
 12/12/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-K98 
 10/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF57 
 01/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF61 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KF64 
 07/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-KW10 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-PARK 
 12/19/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-PRKC 
 12/05/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-BID 
 10/15/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-C6 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-C7 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-C8 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-K106 
 03/01/2020 
 Master/Special 

Page 3 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-K112 
 07/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-KF94 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-1818M 
 03/18/2021 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C10 
 07/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C11 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C12 
 11/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-C9 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-FPM 
 06/22/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-K125 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-K744 
 08/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KDIP 
 01/28/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KF108 
 04/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KF113 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-KF122 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-NWM 
 03/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-SSCP 
 04/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C17 
 09/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C18 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-HLNE 
 03/15/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-K150 
 10/01/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2012-K19 
 08/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2012-K22 
 12/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2013-K27 
 05/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2013-K31 
 08/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-K43 
 03/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-KF08 
 06/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2015-KF12 
 12/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K144 
 05/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K52 
 01/01/2016 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K55 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-K57 
 09/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-KF25 
 12/01/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-KJ03 
 02/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2016-KJ05 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-DELC 
 08/29/2017 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-K63 
 03/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-KF32 
 07/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2017-KF35 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary 

Page 4 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-BVUE 
 01/27/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C14 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C15 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C16 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-MVRK 
 03/23/2022 
 Master 
 
 Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 1999-CLF1 
 08/15/1999 
 Primary/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series BWAY 2021-1450 
 08/31/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-26BW 
 02/06/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C1 
 02/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C2 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-C3 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 BMO Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2022-IND 
 02/15/2022 
 Master 
 
 BRSP 2021-FL1 LTD 
 07/20/2021 
 Master 
 
 CCRC Depositor LLC Series 2017-Q005 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2011-C2 
 12/11/2011 
 Master 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2018-TAN 
 02/06/2018 
 Master 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-BOSS 
 11/26/2019 
 Master 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-CF1 
 04/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-CF2 
 10/01/2019 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-CF3 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-FAX 
 02/06/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2019-KF70 
 11/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2020-KF76 
 03/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2020-MF2 
 03/10/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities LP Series 2020-P1 
 04/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 CHCP 2021-FL1 LTD 
 03/02/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-FL2 
 11/07/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-SHP2 
 07/09/2015 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-P6 
 12/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-ATL 
 10/09/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-B15 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-C7 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-KC07 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-MOB 
 11/09/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-XL 
 10/19/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-420K 
 11/06/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-B19 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-BXLP 
 01/09/2020 
 Master/Special 

Page 5 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-GC46 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K108 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF85 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIV2 
 07/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIV3 
 09/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIV4 
 12/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VIVA 
 05/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-VKNG 
 09/29/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-WSS 
 07/09/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-909 
 04/06/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-B23 
 02/21/2021 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-B27 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-B31 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-CIP 
 12/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-ELP 
 11/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF109 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF115 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF121 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-MFP2 
 12/09/2021 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SOAR 
 06/09/2021 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-VOLT 
 09/09/2021 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-B35 
 05/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-BOCA 
 05/09/2022 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-GC48 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K747 
 01/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF138 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-LP2 
 02/09/2022 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-LPF2 
 09/22/2022 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-MINI 
 01/09/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2005-EMG 
 05/02/2005 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-FL1 
 06/09/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-GC21 
 05/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-P1 
 08/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-C2 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-GC36 
 02/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-GC37 
 04/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-K54 
 04/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KF21 
 09/01/2016 
 Master 

Page 6 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-P3 
 04/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-P4 
 07/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-B1 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C4 
 10/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-CD3 
 02/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-CD5 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KF34 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KJ16 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-P7 
 04/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-P8 
 09/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-ATLS MZB 
 07/09/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-B2 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-B3 
 04/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-B6 
 10/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-BIOA 
 03/09/2018 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C5 
 06/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C6 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-K76 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KW04 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-650M 
 12/08/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-B12 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-GC41 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-IMC 
 05/09/2019 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K1512 
 07/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K89 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-GCT 
 02/05/2021 
 Master 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF99 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SNAI 
 02/09/2022 
 Special 
 
 CLNC 2019-FL1 LTD 
 10/22/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Lease-Backed Securities Series 2001-CMLB-1 
 02/01/2001 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-C5 
 02/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-C6 
 05/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-MV 
 06/22/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-C8 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-CALI 
 11/06/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-CX10 
 11/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-CX9 
 09/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF29 
 04/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 

Page 7 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-MOON 
 07/06/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-CX11 
 04/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K731 
 04/18/2018 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-C15 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-C18 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-ICE4 
 06/05/2019 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K101 
 11/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-RIO 
 12/20/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SKLZ 
 02/20/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-522F 
 10/29/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-FACT 
 10/28/2020 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF95 
 12/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-LOTS 
 06/29/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-UNFI 
 12/22/2020 
 Master/Servicer 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-4SZN 
 12/07/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-980M 
 08/06/2021 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-ADV 
 08/05/2021 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-AHP 
 06/29/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-B33 
 10/19/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BLUF 
 06/29/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BPNY 
 08/06/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BRIT 
 06/24/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-C20 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SRDC 
 11/30/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-W10X 
 12/23/2021 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-WEHO 
 04/29/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-MDR 
 08/31/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SSP 
 06/03/2022 
 Master/Primay 
 
 Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-NET 
 08/06/2020 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB78 
 09/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston CMortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K104 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary/Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. 2020-KF88 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. 2021-KF111 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 1998-C1 
 06/11/1998 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 1999-PS3 
 11/01/1999 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2000-PS4 
 06/16/2000 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2004-C2 
 06/01/2004 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2005-C2 
 05/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 

Page 8 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2005-C4 
 08/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2006-C1 
 03/01/2006 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2006-C4 
 09/01/2006 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2007-C2 
 05/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2007-C5 
 11/01/2007 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2008-C1 
 04/01/2008 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K30 
 08/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K35 
 12/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-K38 
 06/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C1 
 03/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C2 
 05/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C3 
 08/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K44 
 04/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K48 
 09/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K50 
 11/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K719 
 08/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-K1502 
 06/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KC01 
 05/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KF14 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K1503 
 04/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K65 
 07/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K727 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF39 
 12/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF41 
 12/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K73 
 02/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K731 
 04/18/2018 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K77 
 06/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K84 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF51 
 09/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF53 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KW06 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KC03 
 01/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KC05 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KF62 
 05/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KF63 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KL05 
 08/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB61 
 04/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB67 
 10/01/2019 
 Special 

Page 9 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K113 
 08/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K1516 
 07/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF77 
 04/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF88 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF92 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF95 
 12/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB78 
 09/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K136 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF101 
 03/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF117 
 07/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF124 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB88 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF132 
 03/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF135 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF139 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Credit SuisseFirst Boston Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K1520 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE16 
 04/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2007-C9 
 08/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2011-LC3 
 08/01/2011 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE1 
 05/01/2012 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE3 
 01/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE4 
 11/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-CCRE5 
 12/01/2012 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-LC4 
 03/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2012-LTRT 
 10/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-300P 
 08/01/2013 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE10 
 08/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE13 
 12/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE7 
 04/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE8 
 06/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-CCRE9 
 07/01/2013 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2013-GAM 
 03/03/2013 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE17 
 05/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE18 
 06/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-CCRE21 
 12/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-LC15 
 03/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS2 
 03/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS3 
 06/01/2014 
 Primary 

Page 10 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS4 
 07/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2014-UBS6 
 12/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-11MD 
 09/06/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-CCRE25 
 08/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-CCRE26 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-CCRE27 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-DC1 
 03/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-LC19 
 02/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-LC21 
 06/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2015-LC23 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-667M 
 10/06/2016 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-C3 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-CCRE28 
 02/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-CD2 
 12/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2016-DC2 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2017-C6 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2017-CD6 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2017-OT 
 05/06/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-5BP 
 06/28/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-B1 
 01/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-B4 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-BIOD 
 06/26/2018 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-C1 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2018-HCLV 
 09/27/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-521F 
 06/20/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-B10 
 04/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-B10 subordinate 
 04/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-B13 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-CD8 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-KNSQ 
 05/30/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2019-WCM 
 10/30/2019 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B16 
 02/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B18 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B22 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-B6 
 08/06/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-C9 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-CBM 
 02/06/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2020-IG2 
 05/02/2020 
 Primary 

Page 11 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-B26 
 05/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-B30 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-BMR 
 03/30/2021 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-CX2 
 11/09/2021 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-LBA 
 03/17/2021 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2021-W52 
 11/18/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-B34 
 04/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-BMR2 
 05/24/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-HC 
 01/26/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series 2022-LAQ 
 03/30/2022 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series BMARK 2018-B7 
 11/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series CD 2018-CD7 
 08/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corporation Series DBGS 2019-1735 
 04/06/2019 
 Master 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2018-ML04 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2019-ML05 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2019-ML06 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2020-ML07 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML08 
 02/02/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML09 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML10 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML11 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Series 2021-ML12 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Flexential Issuer LLC and Flexential Co-Issuer LLC 
 12/02/2021 
 Primary 
 
 FS RIALTO 2021-FL2 ISSUER LTD 
 05/05/2021 
 Primary 
 
 GE Commercial Mortgage Corporation Series 2006-C1 
 03/01/2006 
 Primary 
 
 German American Capital Corporation 
 12/01/1998 
 Primary 
 
 GFCM LLC Series 2003-1 
 09/01/2003 
 Special 
 
 Global Franchise Grantor Trust 1998-1 
 08/01/1998 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GMAC Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 1999-C2 
 06/01/1999 
 Special 
 
 Goldman Sachs Mortgage Co. 
 04/06/2016 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 1998-C1 
 11/11/1998 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2012-GC6 
 02/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2013-G1 
 03/01/2013 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2013-PEMB 
 04/01/2013 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2014-GC20 
 04/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2015-GC32 
 07/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-FARM 
 12/29/2017 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-KF38 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 

Page 12 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-GS10 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-GS9 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-HART 
 10/31/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-HULA 
 08/17/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-K1508 
 11/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-K79 
 08/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-K86 
 12/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-KF46 
 05/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2018-SRP5 
 06/15/2018 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-1633 
 12/20/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-70P 
 10/23/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-BOCA 
 06/26/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-FBLU 
 12/06/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC38 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC39 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC40 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GC42 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-GSA1 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-K734 
 04/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-K736 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KF58 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KF72 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KJ24 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-KS11 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-MAUI 
 05/24/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-MBR 
 12/19/2019 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2019-SMP 
 09/26/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-B21 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-DUNE 
 01/31/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-GC45 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-GC47 
 05/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-GSA2 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-K121 
 12/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-K738 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF74 
 02/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF79 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF80 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF84 
 09/02/2020 
 Primary 

Page 13 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-KF86 
 10/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2020-UPTN 
 02/27/2020 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-ACNT 
 11/19/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-B25 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-B29 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-DM 
 12/16/2021 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-FILE 
 04/30/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-GSA3 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-IP 
 10/15/2021 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-K131 
 09/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-K1522 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KF114 
 06/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KF123 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KF98 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-KIND 
 08/16/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-MTL6 
 09/15/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-RISE 
 12/15/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-ROSS 
 05/28/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-ROSS MZ 
 06/04/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-SOHO 
 07/30/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-TRIP 
 10/19/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2021-VR 
 04/02/2021 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-B33 
 03/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-K749 
 05/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-KF130 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2016-K58 
 11/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-GS7 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-GS8 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-K62 
 02/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-K67 
 09/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2017-K726 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-B37 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-ECI 
 08/15/2022 
 Master 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-K750 
 11/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-KF141 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 GS Mortgage Securities Corporation II Series 2022-Q020 
 11/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 GSF 2002-1 Issuer LLC 
 05/05/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 GSF 2021-1 Issuer LLC 
 02/22/2021 
 Master/Special 

Page 14 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 HFX Funding 2017-1 
 03/30/2020 
 Primary 
 
 HGI CRE CLO 2021-FL1 LTD 
 05/19/2021 
 Special 
 
 HGI CRE CLO 2021-FL2 LTD 
 09/27/2021 
 Special 
 
 Jefferies Mortgage Acceptance Corp. Series 2022-ML14 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase - Cross Harbor Repo 
 10/10/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K64 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-SB36 
 08/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KL04 
 01/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB58 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2004-CIBC8 
 03/31/2004 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2011-C5 
 09/01/2011 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-C8 
 10/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-HSBC 
 07/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-K18 
 05/01/2012 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-K23 
 12/01/2012 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2012-WLDN 
 05/01/2012 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C12 
 06/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C13 
 07/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C15 
 10/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-C17 
 12/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K28 
 06/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2013-K32 
 09/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C18 
 02/01/2014 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C19 
 05/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C20 
 06/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-C24 
 10/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-FL6 
 12/08/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-K36 
 06/27/2014 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2014-K40 
 11/01/2014 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C28 
 04/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-C30 
 07/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-FL7 
 06/30/2015 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-HGLR 
 03/30/2015 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K1501 
 07/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K42 
 01/28/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K45 
 05/01/2015 
 Master/Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-K720 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2015-WPG 
 06/24/2015 
 Master/Special 

Page 15 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-C1 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-CSTL 
 07/20/2016 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-JP2 
 07/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-K53 
 03/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-K723 
 11/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KF13 
 01/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-KW01 
 05/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB16 
 05/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB17 
 06/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB18 
 07/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB23 
 10/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB24 
 08/18/2016 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2016-SB25 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-C5 
 03/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-FL10 
 08/10/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-FL11 
 11/06/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-JP6 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-JP7 
 07/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K64 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K71 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-K724 
 01/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF33 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KF37 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KW02 
 03/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-KW03 
 09/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2017-SB31 
 05/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-AON 
 06/29/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-B2 
 02/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-B5 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-B8 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-BCON 
 02/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-BILT 
 05/24/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-BLT MZ 
 05/24/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-C8 
 06/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-FUN 
 09/28/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-GW 
 05/22/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-GW MZ 
 05/22/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K1504 
 01/01/2018 
 Master/Special 

Page 16 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K80 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-K85 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF47 
 06/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KF49 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KS10 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-KX03 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-PHH 
 08/07/2018 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-PHH MZ 
 08/07/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB45 
 01/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB50 
 06/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB52 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB56 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-THPT 
 02/05/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-WPT 
 07/31/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-B11 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-B14 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-BROOK 
 10/16/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-COR4 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-FL12 
 09/30/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K1510 
 02/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K1514 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K735 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K91 
 04/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K96 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-K99 
 10/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KG01 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KJ25 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KJ26 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-KJ27 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-MFP 
 07/18/2019 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-OSB 
 06/13/2019 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-PCC 
 10/31/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB58 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB62 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB64 
 07/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB66 
 09/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB69 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-WOLF 
 12/30/2019 
 Master 

Page 17 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-AIP 
 03/30/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-B17 
 03/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-B20 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-COR7 
 06/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-FOX 
 11/09/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-IG1 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-IG3 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K107 
 04/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K116 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K119 
 11/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K122 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-K1515 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KF83 
 08/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KI05 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KI06 
 08/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ28 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ29 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ30 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ31 
 10/01/2020 
 Prinmary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-KJ32 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-LOOP 
 02/05/2020 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-MKST 
 02/19/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-NNN MZ 
 03/05/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB71 
 02/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB73 
 04/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB75 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB77 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB79 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2020-SB81 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-410T 
 03/12/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-ARIA 
 10/28/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-B24 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-B28 
 08/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-BOLT 
 09/08/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-CHIP 
 08/24/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-ESH 
 07/08/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-HTL5 
 12/06/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K126 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 

Page 18 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K132 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K135 
 12/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K742 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-K743 
 06/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF100 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF105 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF119 
 08/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF120 
 09/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KF97 
 01/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KG06 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KJ33 
 02/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KJ34 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-KLU3 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-MHC 
 05/11/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-NYAH 
 11/02/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-NYAH MZ 
 11/02/2021 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-RETL 
 08/09/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB83 
 02/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB85 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB87 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB89 
 08/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB91 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2021-SB93 
 12/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-B32 
 02/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-B36 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K140 
 03/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K143 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF128 
 01/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KJ37 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-OPO 
 01/26/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB102 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB104 
 11/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB94 
 01/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB96 
 03/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB98 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-WSS 
 03/24/2022 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2018-SB50 
 06/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-B11 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 

Page 19 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-MARG 
 05/30/2019 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB58 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2019-SB62 
 05/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K147 
 07/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-K152 
 12/01/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KF140 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KG07 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-KSG4 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB100 
 07/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. Series 2022-SB101 
 08/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Key Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC 2018-S1 
 10/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Key Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC 2019-S2 
 07/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Key Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2020-S3 
 09/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 LMDV Issuer CO LLC 
 11/22/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Market Gap Term Loan Lender LLC 
 08/23/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Merchants Bank of Indiana Multifamily Housing Loan Trust 2021-Q015 
 05/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Meritz Private RE Fund 4 
 12/15/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Meritz Private Real Estate Fund 27 
 03/03/2021 
 Master 
 
 Meritz Private REF 19 
 04/23/2019 
 Master 
 
 Meritz Private REF 20 
 05/28/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc. ML-CFC Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-5 
 03/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc. ML-CFC Commercial Mortgage Trust 2007-8 
 08/01/2007 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors Inc. Series 2005-CK11 
 12/01/2005 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc. Series 1998-C1-CTL 
 10/01/1999 
 Special 
 
 MF1 2019-FL2 LTD 
 12/05/2019 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2020-FL3 LTD 
 06/25/2020 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2020-FL4 LTD 
 11/16/2020 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2021-FL7 LTD 
 09/24/2021 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2022-FL10 LTD 
 08/02/2022 
 Primary 
 
 MF1 2022-FL8 LTD 
 01/20/2022 
 Master 
 
 MF1 2022-FL9 LTD 
 05/26/2022 
 Master 
 
 MFI 2021-F5 LTD 
 03/17/2021 
 Primary 
 
 MFI 2021-FL6 LTD 
 06/24/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust Series 2015-C21 
 02/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust Series 2017-C33 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-UBS11 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-BNK8 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-CLS 
 12/18/2017 
 Master/Special 

Page 20 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-BOP 
 08/30/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-H3 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K1505 
 06/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K1509 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K730 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-K75 
 04/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-KC02 
 09/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-SUN 
 08/02/2018 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-BNK17 
 04/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-BNK23 
 12/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-BPR 
 05/15/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-DPLO 
 10/09/2019 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-H6 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-H7 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-HIT 
 05/31/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-IKPR 
 12/05/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-K87 
 01/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-K93 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-K95 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-KF60 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-L2 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-L3 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-NUGS 
 12/19/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-OC11 
 12/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-BNK26 
 03/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-CNP 
 05/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-EYP 
 10/07/2020 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-HR8 
 07/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-K110 
 06/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-K117 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-L8 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KF78 
 04/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KF82 
 08/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KF90 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KL06 
 12/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-KSG1 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-L4 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-OBRK 
 11/10/2020 
 Master/Primary/Special 

Page 21 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-BNK35 
 08/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-BNK38 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K128 
 04/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K129 
 06/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K133 
 11/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-K1519 
 01/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KEN 
 02/25/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KF104 
 03/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KF118 
 08/21/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KJ36 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-KJ36 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-L5 
 05/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-L6 
 07/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-L7 
 10/21/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-NRD 
 12/22/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-SDMF 
 09/28/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-VIEW 
 06/15/2021 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-WILL 
 05/27/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-BNK41 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-BNK44 
 11/10/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-FOX2 
 12/12/2022 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-H132 
 07/06/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-IND 
 04/30/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K139 
 03/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K142 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K144 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-K145 
 06/01/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KF146 
 11/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KFI29 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ39 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ41 
 08/01/2022 
 Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ42 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KJ43 
 12/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-OANA 
 04/19/2022 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2011-C1 
 02/01/2011 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2011-C2 
 06/01/2011 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-C4 
 03/01/2012 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-C5 
 07/01/2012 
 Master 

Page 22 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-CKSV 
 10/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-K20 
 09/01/2012 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2012-STAR 
 08/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2013-KSMC 
 03/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2014-150E 
 09/05/2014 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-ALDR 
 05/05/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-C26 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-K49 
 10/01/2015 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-K721 
 12/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2015-MS1 
 07/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-C29 
 05/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-C30 
 09/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-KF17 
 06/01/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-KF22 
 10/01/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2016-UBS9 
 03/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-APPL 
 08/09/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ13 
 04/01/2017 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ18 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-BNK5 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KF30 
 05/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KF36 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ12 
 03/01/2017 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ14 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-KJ17 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2017-SLCT 
 08/09/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-KC02 
 09/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2018-L1 
 10/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2019-MMP 
 08/29/2019 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2020-BNK29 
 11/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-330N 
 06/29/2021 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2021-MFM1 
 01/19/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc. Series 2022-KF144 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Series 2022-CLS 
 10/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Inc., Series 2022-K145 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I Trust, Series 2018-H4 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I, Inc. Series 2016-KF24 
 12/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Morgan Stanley Capital I, Inc. Series 2016-KJ10 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary/Backup Special 
 
 Nationslink Funding Corporation Series 1999-LTL-1 
 02/15/1999 
 Special 

Page 23 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-10K 
 06/04/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-FAME 
 09/04/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-LVL 
 04/23/2019 
 Master 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-NEMA 
 03/29/2019 
 Master 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2017-75B 
 05/01/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-285M 
 01/30/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 NAtixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2018-OSS 
 02/27/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-APPL 
 10/07/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Natixis Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2021-MC 
 04/15/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 PaineWebber Mortgage Acceptance Corporation V Series 1999-C1 
 06/01/1999 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 PLP 2020-1 LTD 
 10/21/2020 
 Special 
 
 PLP 2021-1 LTD 
 03/15/2021 
 Special 
 
 PLP 2021-2 LTD 
 06/03/2021 
 Special 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2018-K83 
 11/01/2018 
 Master 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2020-K1517 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2021-KI08 
 12/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 PNC Mortgage Capital LLC Series 2022-KF136 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Prudential Securities Secured Financing Corporation Series 1999-C2 
 07/01/1999 
 Master/Primary 
 
 RBS Commercial Funding Inc. Series 2012-C7 
 06/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2016-3 
 11/30/2016 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2018-4 
 03/15/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2019-5 
 01/31/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2019-6 
 11/18/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Depositor LLC, Series 2022-7 
 04/14/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2021-FL5 LLC 
 03/31/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2021-FL6 LLC 
 08/17/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2021-FL7 LLC 
 11/24/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2022-FL10 LLC 
 10/19/2022 
 Master/Primary/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2022-FL8 LLC 
 03/08/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing 2022-FL9 LLC 
 06/30/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Ready Capital Mortgage Financing LLC Series 2020-FL4 
 06/30/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Asset Depositor II LLC Series 2021-SBC10 
 05/04/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Asset Depositor II LLC Series 2021-SBC9 
 06/30/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2015-2 
 11/30/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 ReadyCap Commercial Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2014-1 
 10/17/2014 
 Master/Special 
 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-PREZ 
 09/16/2019 
 Master 
 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2019-RP 
 06/27/2019 
 Master 
 
 SG Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC Series 2021-VIV5 
 10/15/2021 
 Master 

Page 24 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Shinhan Bank, New York Branch 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Starwood Property Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2018-ATLS MZ A 
 09/20/2018 
 Master 
 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation II Series 2006-C7 
 11/13/2006 
 Primary 
 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation II Series 2007-C3 
 07/11/2007 
 Master 
 
 Structured Asset Securities Corporation Series 1998-C1 
 02/01/1998 
 Special 
 
 Sutherland Commercial Mortgage Depositor II, LLC Series 2017-SBC6 
 07/07/2017 
 Master/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2013-PENN 
 12/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2012-C1 
 05/01/2012 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2012-WRM 
 07/01/2012 
 Master/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C1 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C2 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C3 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C4 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C5 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C6 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2017-C7 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C10 
 05/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C11 
 07/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C12 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C14 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C15 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2018-C8 
 02/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2019-C16 
 04/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series 2019-C17 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 UBS Commercial Mortgage Securitization Corp. Series CCUBS 2017-C1 
 11/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 UBS-Barclays Commercial Mortgage Trust 2013-C5 
 02/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 UBS-Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2011-C1 
 12/01/2011 
 Primary 
 
 USQ 1201L LLC 
 03/30/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2006-C34 
 11/01/2007 
 Primary 
 
 Walton Street Real Estate Debt Fund II, LP 
 12/06/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Washington Mutual Asset Securities Corp. Series 2006-SL1 
 11/01/2006 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Washington Mutual Asset Securities Corp. Series 2007-SL2 
 03/01/2007 
 Master/Special 
 
 Washington Mutual Asset Securities Corp. Series 2007-SL3 
 07/01/2007 
 Master/Special 
 
 Waterfall Commercial Mortgage Depositor LLC Series 2015-SBC5 
 09/10/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-KS04 
 12/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF50 
 09/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-BNK16 
 02/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K94 
 07/01/2019 
 Primary 

Page 25 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF81 
 07/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB70 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K130 
 08/01/2021 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K134 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF127 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-C27 
 03/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB20 
 08/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KS08 
 05/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB46 
 02/10/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-C55 
 02/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-C58 
 12/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K739 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-C59 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K127 
 03/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K1521 
 09/01/2021 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K746 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF112 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KJ35 
 10/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB90 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB92 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K138` 
 02/01/2022 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2012-C8 
 08/01/2012 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K24 
 01/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K26 
 05/01/2013 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K29 
 07/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-K34 
 1/01/2013 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2013-KS01 
 05/01/2013 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-K37 
 03/01/2014 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-K39 
 09/01/2014 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-K41 
 12/01/2014 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2014-LC16 
 06/01/2014 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-C31 
 11/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-K46 
 06/01/2015 
 Master/Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-KKA 
 03/01/2015 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-KS03 
 10/01/2015 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-NXS3 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-SB3 
 09/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-SB5 
 10/01/2015 
 Primary/Special 

Page 26 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-BNK1 
 08/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-K56 
 08/01/2016 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-K60 
 12/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KF16 
 05/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KS05 
 07/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KS06 
 10/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-KSW1 
 06/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-LC24 
 09/01/2016 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB11 
 01/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB12 
 02/01/2016 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB14 
 03/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2016-SB21 
 09/01/2016 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C38 
 07/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C39 
 08/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C40 
 10/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C41 
 11/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-K61 
 01/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-K68 
 10/01/2017 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-K725 
 04/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-KS09 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-SB33 
 06/01/2017 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-SB40 
 10/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-SB44 
 12/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C45 
 07/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C48 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-K733 
 11/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF44 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF54 
 12/01/2018 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF55 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KF65 
 08/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-KL02 
 03/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB53 
 09/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB55 
 11/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB57 
 12/01/2018 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF134 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-BNK19 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-BNK22 
 11/01/2019 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-C50 
 05/01/2019 
 Primary 

Page 27 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-C52 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K100 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K102 
 12/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K1513 
 10/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K92 
 05/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-K97 
 09/01/2019 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-KF59 
 03/01/2019 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-KLU1 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB60 
 03/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB63 
 06/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB65 
 08/01/2019 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2019-SB68 
 11/01/2019 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-BNK25 
 02/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-BNK28 
 09/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-C56 
 06/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K111 
 07/01/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K115 
 09/02/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K120 
 11/01/2020 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-K737 
 01/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF81 
 07/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KF89 
 10/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-KX04 
 09/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB70 
 01/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB72 
 03/01/2020 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB74 
 05/01/2020 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SB80 
 11/01/2020 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2020-SDAL 
 03/13/2020 
 Master/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-BNK31 
 02/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-BNK34 
 06/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-BNK37 
 11/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-C61 
 12/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-IRON 
 02/23/2021 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-K741 
 03/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF106 
 04/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-KF96 
 01/01/2021 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB82 
 01/01/2021 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2021-SB86 
 05/01/2021 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K141 
 04/01/2022 
 Master/Special 

Page 28 of 29 

KeyBank National Association Asset Backed Transactions
Covered by Platform 

 For the period of January 1 through December 31, 2022
- Appendix A 

Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates 
 Svc Agmt Date 
 Key Role 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K149 
 09/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF131 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KSG3 
 05/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB95 
 02/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB97 
 04/01/2022 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2015-K729 
 12/01/2017 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-BNK7 
 09/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2017-C40 
 10/01/2017 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-C46 
 08/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-K732 
 06/01/2018 
 Primary 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2018-SB51 
 07/01/2018 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-K146 
 06/01/2022 
 Master 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust Series 2013-BTC 
 04/01/2013 
 Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-KF142 
 09/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB103 
 10/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. Series 2022-SB99 
 06/01/2022 
 Primary/Special 

Page 29 of 29 

</EX-35.4>

<EX-35.14>
 25
 ex3514.htm

ANNUAL STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE 

 of 

 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
d/b/a MIDLAND LOAN SERVICES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the applicable Servicing Agreement for the transactions
listed on Schedule I hereto, the undersigned, David D. Spotts, as Senior Vice President of Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank,
National Association, hereby certifies, subject to any limitations listed on Schedule I hereto, as of the date hereof, solely in his capacity
as an officer and not in his individual capacity, as follows: 

1. A review of the Servicer s activities during the calendar year 2022 (the Reporting Period and of its performance under the
Servicing Agreement has been made under the undersigned officer s supervision; and 

2. To the best of the undersigned officer s knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled
all of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout the Reporting Period. 

Dated: February 22, 2023 

Midland Loan Services, a division of 
PNC Bank, National Association 

David D. Spotts 

 Senior Vice President 

Schedule I 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 

Recipient Role 
 Deal Name 
 Series Number 
 Midland Role 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 CD 2006-CD2 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2006-C8 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Trustee 
 IMPAC Secured Assets Corp. 
 Series 2007-2 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2010-1 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 DBUBS 2011-LC1 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Trustee 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc. 
 Series 2011-C2 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Trustee 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc. 
 Series 2011-C3 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 DBUBS 2011-LC3 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Trustee 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc. 
 Series 2011-C4 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Fox River Mall and Eastgate Mall only 

Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2011-FL1 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Trustee 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc. 
 Series 2011-C5 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Trustee 
 Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc. 
 Series 2011-C1 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 Trustee 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc. 
 Series 2012-C6 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2012-CCRE1 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2012-CCRE2 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer of the 260 and 261 Madison Avenue loan under the COMM 2012-CCRE3 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2012-CCRE3 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2012-CCRE4 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer of the Emerald Square Mall loan under the COMM 2012-CCRE3 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2012-CCRE5 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-LC6 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-CCRE6 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer of the Moffett Towers loan under the COMM 2013-LC6 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-CCRE7 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer of the Moffett Towers loan under the COMM 2013-LC6 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-CCRE8 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Special Servicer of the Paramount Building loan under the COMM 2013-CCRE9 PSA 

Schedule I 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 

Recipient Role 
 Deal Name 
 Series Number 
 Midland Role 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-CCRE9 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-LC13 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Special Servicer of the 15 MetroTech Center loan under the MSBAM 2013-C12 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-CCRE11 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Primary Servicer of the Miracle Mile Shops loan under the COMM 2013-CCRE12 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2013-CCRE12 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer of the Oglethorpe Mall loan under the COMM 2013-CCRE11 PSA. 
 
 Certificate Administrator 
 JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. 
 Series 2013-AVM 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-TWC 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-CCRE15 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-CCRE16 
 None 
 
 Master Servicer (with respect to the obligation to make advances) and Special Servicer of the 25 Broadway loan under the COMM 2014-CCRE17 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-CCRE17 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-UBS3 
 None 
 
 Master and Special Servicer of the Bronx Terminal Market loan under the COMM 2014-CCRE17 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-CCRE18 
 None 
 
 Master and Special Servicer of the Bronx Terminal Market loan under the COMM 2014-CCRE17 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-UBS4 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-CCRE19 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-CCRE20 
 None 
 
 Master Servicer of the Beverly Connection loan under the GSMS 2014-GC24 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer of the Myrtle Beach Marriott Resort Spa loan under the COMM 2014-UBS6 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-LC17 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer of Myrtle Beach Marriott Resort Spa loan under the COMM 2014-UBS6 PSA. 
 
 Trustee 
 SBA Series 2022-1 
 Series 2022-1 
 Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-UBS6 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2014-CCRE21 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2015-LC19 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer of the One Memorial loan under the COMM 2014-CCRE21 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2015-CCRE23 
 Master Servicer 

Schedule I 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 

Recipient Role 
 Deal Name 
 Series Number 
 Midland Role 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2015-LC21 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 DBWF 2015-LCM 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2015-CCRE25 

Special Servicer of the Scottsdale Quarter loan under the JPM 2015-WPG PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2015-CCRE24 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer of the Lakewood Center loan under the DBWF 2015-LCM TSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2015-CCRE27 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2016-CCRE28 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2016-DC2 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets loan under the DBJPM 2016-C1 PSA 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 DBJPM 2016-C1 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Special Servicer of the Naples Grande Beach Resort loan under the JPMBB 2016-C1 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer of the 7700 Parmer loan under the JPMCC 2015-JP1 PSA 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 DBJPM 2016-C3 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer of the U-Haul AREC Portfolio loan under the CD 2016-CD1 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer of the Williamsburg Premium Outlets loan under the DBJPM 2016-C1 PSA and the Westfield San Francisco Centre loan under the DBJPM 2016-SFC PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 CD 2016-CD1 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Special Servicer of the Westfield San Francisco Centre loan under the DBJPM 2016-SFC PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2016-COR1 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Special Servicer of the Starbucks Center loan under the JPMDB 2016-C4 PSA and of the Westfield San Francisco Centre loan under the DBJPM 2016-SFC PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 CD 2016-CD2 
 None 
 
 Master Servicer of the 80 Park Plaza and Mills Fleet Farm loans under the CGCMT 2016-C3 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer of the Starbucks Center loan under the JPMDB 2016-C4 PSA 
 
 Special Servicer of the FedEx Ground Portfolio loan under the BACM 2017-BNK3 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 CD 2017-CD4 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the 111 Livingston Street and Moffett Place Google loans under the CD 2017-CD3 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 Series DBJPM 2017-C6 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer on the iStar Leased Fee Portfolio loan under the MSC 2017-H1 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2017-COR2 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 CD 2017-CD6 
 None 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the U-Haul SAC Portfolios 14, 15, 17, IRG Portfolio, Station Place III, Moffett Place Building 4 and Covance Business Center loans under the JPMDB 2017-C7 PSA. 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Integrated Health Campus loan under the COMM 2017-COR2 PSA. 

Schedule I 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 

Recipient Role 
 Deal Name 
 Series Number 
 Midland Role 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 Series 2018-B1 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Gateway Net Lease Portfolio and Starwood Capital Group Hotel Portfolio loans under the DBJPM 2017-C6 PSA. 
 
 Master Servicer on the Two Harbor Point Square loan under CGCMT 2018-B2. 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the AHIP Northeast Portfolio I, 521-523 East 72nd Street and Station Place III loans under the JPMDB 2017-C7 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer on the Griffin Portfolio loan under BANK 2017-BNK8. 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Atrium Center and Marriott Charlotte City Center loans under the Benchmark 2018-B3 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 COMM 2018-COR3 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Grand Hyatt Seattle loan under the COMM 2018-COR2 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer on the Lehigh Valley Mall loan under the Benchmark 2018-B1 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 Series 2018-B4 
 None 
 
 Master Servicer on the 65 Bay Street loan under the CGCMT 2018-C5 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 Series 2018-GPP 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 CD 2018-CD7 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer on the Riverwalk loan under the UBS 2018-C12 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 Series DBGS 2018-C1 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer on the West Coast Albertsons Portfolio, Moffett Towers II - Building 1 and Willow Creek Corporate Center loans under the Benchmark 2018-B6 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 Series 2018-B7 
 None 
 
 Special Servicer on the Overland Park Xchange and Concord Plaza loans under the Benchmark 2018-B6 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer on the Phoenix Marriott Tempe at the Buttes loan under the CGCMT 2018-C6 PSA. 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Shelbourne Global Portfolio I loan under the UBS 2018-C13 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 
 Series 2018-GLKS 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 Benchmark 2019-B10 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2019-B10 
 Primary 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the 101 California loan under the CALI 2019-101C TSA, the Liberty Station Retail loan under the JPMCC 2019-COR4 PSA, and the Vie Portfolio loan under the JPMCC 2019-COR5 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer on the Pace Gallery HQ loan under the GSM 2019-GC38 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 CD 2019-CD8 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2019-CD8 
 Master Special Servicer 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Woodlands Mall loan under the BMARK 2019-B12 PSA. 
 
 Master Servicer on the Visions Hotel Portfolio II loan under the MSC 2019-H7 PSA, the 505 Fulton Street loan under the CGCMT 2019-GC41 PSA, and Wind Creek Leased Fee loan under the BMARK 2019-B13 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Benchmark 2019-B13 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2019-B13 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer on the Grand Canal Shoppes loan under MSC 2019-H7 PSA. 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Northpoint Tower loan under the GSMS 2019-GC42 PSA and on the Woodlands Mall loan under BMARK 2019-B12 PSA. 
 
 Primary Servicer on the 3 Columbus Circle loan under the BMARK 2019-B10 PSA. 

Schedule I 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 

Recipient Role 
 Deal Name 
 Series Number 
 Midland Role 
 
 Depositor 
 COMM 2019-GC44 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2019-GC44 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the 225 Bush loan, The Essex Site 2 loan, and the Legends at Village West loan under the Benchmark 2019-B14 PSA 
 
 Master Servicer on the Wind Creek Leased Fee loan under the Benchmark 2019-B13 PSA, and on the Millennium Park Plaza and USAA Office Portfolio loans under the CGCMT 2019-GC41 PSA 
 
 Depositor 
 Benchmark 2020-B16 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2020-B16 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer and Special Servicer on the Kings Plaza loan under the Benchmark 2020-B17 PSA; and 510 East 14th Street loans under the GSMS 2020-GC45 PSA. 
 
 Master Servicer on the Starwood Industrial Portfolio loan under the GSMS 2020-GC45 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 Benchmark 2020-IG2 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2020-IG2 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer on the Stonemont Net Lease Portfolio loan under the JPMCC 2020-NNN. 
 
 Master Servicer and Special Servicer on the 225 Bush loan under the BMARK 2019-B14. 
 
 Depositor 
 BMARK 2020-B18 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2020-B18 
 Master and Special Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer on the BX Industrial Portfolio loan under the Benchmark 2020-IG3 PSA. 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Southcenter Mall loan under the GSMS 2020-GC45 PSA. 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Chase Center Tower I and Chase Center Tower II loans under the Benchmark 2020-IG2 PSA, Apollo Education Group HQ Campus and Kings Plaza loans under the Benchmark 2020-B17 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 DBJPM 2020-C9 
 Series 2020-C9 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Agellan Portfolio, 420 Taylor Street, 280 North Bernardo, 3000 Post Oak and Brass Professional Center loans under the BMARK 2020-B18 PSA, Chase Center 
 
 Tower I and Chase Center Tower II loans under the BMARK 2020-IG2 PSA. 
 
 Special Servicer on The Liz loan under the MSC 2020-HR8 PSA. 
 
 Master Servicer on the Amazon Industrial Portfolio, Coleman Highline and 333 South Wabash loans under the BMARK 2020-B19 PSA, and the BX Industrial Portfolio loan under BMARK 2020-IG3 PSA 
 
 Master and Special Servicer on the Southcenter Mall loan under the GSMS 2020-GC45 PSA, the Kings Plaza loan under the BMARK 2020-B17 PSA, and the 675 Creekside Way loan under the JPMDB 2020-COR7 PSA 
 
 Depositor 
 Benchmark 2020-B22 Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2020-B22 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer on the Hotel ZaZa Houston Museum District loan under the Benchmark 2021-B23 PSA and the Cabinetworks Portfolio loans under the Benchmark 2021-B25 PSA. 
 
 Master Servicer and Special Servicer on the 4 West 58th Street loan under the Benchmark 2020-B20 PSA, the 32-42 Broadway loan under the Benchmark 2020-B21 PSA, and the JW Marriott Nashville loan under the Benchmark 2021-B23 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 COMM 2020-SBX Mortgage Trust 
 Series 2020-SBX 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 ONE 2021-PARK 
 Series 2021-PARK 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 BMARK 2021-B26 
 Series 2021-B26 
 Primary Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer on the Amazon Seattle loan under the BMARK 2021-B25 PSA, on the JW Marriott Nashville loan under the BMARK 2021-B23 PSA, and on the 141 Livingston loan under the BMARK 2021-B24 PSA 
 
 Depositor 
 DBUBS 2011-LC2 
 Series 2011-LC2 
 Special Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 HONO 2021-HULU 
 Series 2021-HULU 
 Master Servicer 

Schedule I 

 Deutsche Mortgage Asset Receiving Corp. 

Recipient Role 
 Deal Name 
 Series Number 
 Midland Role 
 
 Depositor 
 BMARK 2021-B30 
 Series 2021-B30 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Master Servicer on the One Memorial Drive loan under the JPMCC 2021-1MEM PSA, the La Encantada loan under the Benchmark 2021-B31 PSA and the Plaza La Cienega loan under the 3650R 2021-PF1 PSA. 
 
 Depositor 
 MTK 2021-GRNY 
 Series 2021-GRNY 
 Master Servicer 
 
 Depositor 
 BMARK 2022-B34 
 Series 2022-B34 
 None 
 
 Master Servicer on the Novo Nordisk HQ loan under the BMARK 2021-B31 PSA. 
 
 Master Servicer on the One Wilshire loan, the Bedrock Portfolio loan, the JW Marriott Desert Springs loan, and the Glen Forest Office Portfolio loan under the BMARK 2022-B32 PSA. 

</EX-35.14>

