<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1482541_0001493152-23-009274.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9810663</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>368254</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1469804</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3129626</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2130949</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2482233</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009274.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328160108
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CEA Industries Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001482541
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE SERVICES [0700]
		IRS NUMBER:				273911608
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41266
		FILM NUMBER:		23769415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1780 55TH STREET, SUITE C
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-993-5271

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1780 55TH STREET, SUITE C
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Surna Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009274.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____ TO _______ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Markets 

Capital Markets 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the last 90 days. No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes . 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately based upon a closing price of 1.26
reported for such date on the Nasdaq Capital Markets. 

As
of March 28, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

CEA
Industries Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 For
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 27 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 29 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 40 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 54 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 55 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 56 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 58 

Signatures 
 60 

In
this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated, the Company , we , us or our refer
to CEA Industries Inc. (formerly known as Surna Inc.) and, where appropriate, its wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Hemp
and marijuana are technically both part of the Cannabis sativa L. plant. Hemp is a term used to classify
varieties of cannabis that contain 0.3 or less tetrahydrocannabinol THC content (by dry weight), the principal psychoactive
constituent of cannabis. Hemp and its derivatives were federally legalized in the United States as part the Agricultural Act of 2018.
 Marijuana is a term used to classify varieties of cannabis that contain more than 0.3 THC (by dry weight). Marijuana is
not federally legal in the United States. Many states, however, have taken action to make marijuana legal for all purposes, made it available
for medical uses, decriminalized it, or a combination thereof. We currently provide nearly all of our products and services to customers
that cultivate marijuana. In this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated, cannabis refers to marijuana. 

Although
our customers do, we neither grow, manufacture, distribute nor sell cannabis (marijuana) and hemp or any of their related products. 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in Item 7, contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are
not historical facts but are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks, uncertainties, and other factors,
some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future financial performance.
We generally identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, 
 projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar words. All statements, other than statements of historical
fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, any projections of revenue, gross
profit, earnings or loss, tax provisions, cash flows or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies or objectives
of management for future operations; any statements regarding current or future macroeconomic or industry-specific trends or events and
the impact of those trends and events on us or our financial performance; any statements regarding pending investigations, legal claims
or tax disputes; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

These
forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause our
actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, opportunities, achievements or industry results,
as well as those of the markets we serve or intend to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment
in which we operate. Important factors that could cause those differences include, but are not limited to: 

our
 business prospects and the prospects of our existing and prospective customers; 

the
 impact on our business and that of our customers of the lasting effects of the COVID-19 government response.; 

our
 overall financial condition, including the impact of higher interest rates and inflation, business disruption due to the COVID-19
 pandemic, the Ukraine war, and the supply chains on which we depend; 

the
 impact on our business from our restructuring and cost containment actions taken in the first quarter 2023; 

the
 inherent uncertainty of product development and product selection to meet client requirements; 

regulatory,
 legislative and judicial developments, especially those related to changes in, and the enforcement of, cannabis laws; 

increasing
 competitive pressures in the CEA (Controlled Environment Agriculture) industry and our supply position within the industry; 

the
 ability to effectively operate our business, including servicing our existing customers and obtaining new business; 

our
 relationships with our customers and suppliers; 

the
 continuation of normal payment terms and conditions with our customers and suppliers, including our ability to obtain advance payments
 from our customers; 

general
 economic conditions, our customers operations and access to capital, and market and business disruptions including severe
 weather conditions, natural disasters, health hazards, terrorist activities, financial crises, political crises or other major events,
 or the prospect of these events, adversely affecting demand for the products and services offered by us in the markets in which we
 operate; 

3 

the
 supply of products from our suppliers and our ability to complete contracts, some of which depend on other actors for a comprehensive
 project completion; 

changes
 in our business strategy or development plans, including our expected level of capital expenses and working capital; 

our
 ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

our
 ability to raise equity and debt capital, as needed from time to time, to fund our operations and growth strategy, including possible
 acquisitions; 

our
 ability to identify, complete and integrate potential strategic acquisitions; 

future
 revenue being lower than expected; 

our
 ability to convert our backlog into revenue in a timely manner, or at all; and 

our
 intention not to pay dividends. 

These
factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read with the other cautionary statements in this report. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these
and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this annual report on Form 10-K should not be
regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described
or identified in Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements
and projections contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of
the Securities Act. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

To
supplement our financial results on U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP basis, we use non-GAAP measures
including net bookings, backlog, as well as adjusted net income (loss) which reflects adjustments for certain non-cash expenses such
as stock-based compensation, certain debt-related items and depreciation expense. We believe these non-GAAP measures are helpful in understanding
our past performance and are intended to aid in evaluating our potential future results. The presentation of these non-GAAP measures
should be considered in addition to our GAAP results and are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial
information prepared or presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures reflect an additional way to
view aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting
our business. For purposes of this Annual Report, (i) adjusted net income (loss) and adjusted operating income (loss) 
mean GAAP net income (loss) and operating income (loss), respectively, after adjustment for non-cash equity compensation expense, debt-related
items and depreciation expense, and (ii) net bookings means new sales contracts executed during the quarter for which we
received an initial deposit, net of any adjustments including cancellations and change orders during the quarter. 

Our
backlog, remaining performance obligations and net bookings may not be indicative of future operating results, and our customers may
attempt to renegotiate or terminate their contracts for a number of reasons, including delays in or inability to obtain project financing
or licensing or abandonment of the project entirely. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that contracts included in the backlog or
remaining performance obligations will actually generate revenues or when the actual revenues will be generated. 

4 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

CEA
Industries, through our subsidiary, Surna Cultivation Technologies LLC, is a company focused on selling environmental control and other
technologies and services to the Controlled Environment Agriculture CEA industry. The CEA industry aims to optimize
the use of horticultural resources such as water, energy, space, capital, and labor, to create an agriculture business that is more efficient
and more productive than those that use traditional farming methods. Typically, the CEA industry is focused on indoor agriculture and
vertical farming. 

Headquartered
in Colorado, we leverage our experience in the CEA industry to bring our customers a variety of value-added technology solutions that
help improve their overall crop quality and yield, optimize energy and water efficiency, and satisfy the evolving state and local codes,
permitting and regulatory requirements. We do this by offering our customers a variety of principal service and product offerings that
include: (i) architectural design and licensed engineering of commercial scale thermodynamic systems specific to cultivation facilities,
(ii) liquid-based process cooling systems and other climate control systems, (iii) air handling equipment and systems, (iv) air sanitation
products, (v) LED lighting, (vi) benching and racking solutions for indoor cultivation, (vii) proprietary and third party controls systems
and technologies used for environmental, lighting and climate control, and (viii) preventative maintenance services, through our partnership
with a certified service contractor network, for CEA facilities. 

Our
revenue stream is currently derived primarily from supplying our products, services and technologies to licensed commercial indoor facilities
operating in the cannabis industry. Our customers include state and provincial-regulated CEA growers located in the U.S., Canada, and
other international locations. We recently have developed customers in the non-cannabis CEA market to expand our market reach. Customers
use our services for building new CEA facilities and expanding or retrofitting existing CEA facilities. 

CEA
growers currently face a challenging business environment that includes high energy costs, water usage and conservation issues, continuously
evolving waste removal regulations, inflationary pressures, and labor shortages. In addition to these issues, our cannabis growing customers
face increasingly rigorous quality standards and declining cannabis prices in a growing industry whose standards are constantly evolving. 

We
support our clients by providing integrated mechanical, electrical, and plumbing MEP engineering design, proprietary
and curated environmental control equipment, and automation offerings that serve the CEA industry. Over our 16 years in business, we
have served hundreds of commercial indoor CEA facilities. 

We
believe our customers partner with us because we have the reputation and experience to help them make cost-conscious and effective decisions
on the design and engineering of their indoor cultivation facilities. CEA facilities are resource intensive, and a growing list of states
have implemented building code changes that limit energy consumption in cultivation facilities. Energy and resource efficiency is a high
priority to us as engineers, and the senior engineers on our team hold the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED credential. We believe this sustainability-focused technical experience is crucial in the value we provide to our customers. 

We
have three core assets that we believe will support us as we pursue our business strategy. First, we enjoy strong relationships with
relevant stakeholders in the CEA industry. Largely focused in the cannabis segment, our partnerships include relationships with new and
existing growers, capital providers, consultants, independent contractors, and numerous others. These partnerships include agreements
reached in 2022 with Merida Capital and Hydrobuilder Holdings LLC. In June we announced a marketing arrangement with Merida Capital,
a cannabis-focused private equity firm, whereby Merida will use CEA Industries Inc. as its sole provider of certain products and services
for its indoor cultivation facilities. This relationship resulted in a new contract in October 2022 with one of Merida s Connecticut
based clients. In November of 2022 we announced a strategic alliance with Hydrobuilder Holdings that we believe will result in more project
opportunities. 

Second,
our experience in this industry over time has built up specialized engineering know-how and experience. We have been serving indoor cultivators
since 2006 and designing CEA cultivation facilities since 2016. Since then, we have tested and solidified best practices from designing
environmental control systems for CEA cultivation facilities. 

5 

Third,
we have a line of proprietary environmental control products that support the specific growing environments that our customers want.
We believe these products offer significant benefits to our customers. 

Shares
of our common stock and warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Markets under the ticker symbols CEAD and CEADW ,
respectively. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Business 

As
a result of the government measures to control the COVID-19 pandemic, there continue to be disruptions in business operations around
the world, with a persistent impact on our business. 

We
still are experiencing delays with our international supply of products and shipments from vendors. While these delays have improved
in recent months, we, along with many other importers of goods across all industries, continue to experience supply chain disruption.
Also, shipping times are still longer than they were prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to work diligently with our network
of freight partners and suppliers to expedite delivery dates and provide solutions to reduce further impact and delays. However, we are
unable to determine the full impact of these delays and how long they will continue as they are out of our control. 

Impact
of Ukrainian Conflict 

We
believe that the conflict between Ukraine and Russia does not have any direct impact on our operations, financial condition, or financial
reporting. We believe the conflict will have only a general impact on our operations in the same manner as it is having a general impact
on all businesses that have their operations limited to North America resulting from international sanction and embargo regulations,
possible shortages of goods and goods incorporating parts that may be supplied from the Ukraine or Russia, supply chain challenges, and
the international and US domestic inflation resulting from the conflict and government spending for the Ukraine and funding of our country s
response. As our operations are related only to the North American controlled agricultural industry, largely within the cannabis space,
we do not believe we will be targeted for cyber-attacks related to this conflict. We have no operations in the countries directly involved
in the conflict or are specifically impacted by any of the sanctions and embargoes, as we principally operate in the United States and
Canada. We do not believe that the conflict will have any impact on our internal control over financial reporting. Other than general
securities market trends, we do not have reason to believe that investors will evaluate the company as having special risks or exposures
related to the Ukrainian conflict. 

The
CEA Industry 

According to a leading market
research firm, New Frontier Data, the North American cannabis industry is expected to experience compound annual growth on the order of
12 from 2022 through 2030. In addition to the cannabis CEA market the non-cannabis CEA market is also expected to experience material
growth over the next years. Since the technical infrastructure and requirements for growing any plant in a controlled environment are
similar, we believe we can bring our operational expertise and suite of products to this adjacent market. 

Our
Services and Equipment Solutions 

Our
goal is to develop relationships with our prospects and customers that will afford us the opportunity to provide comprehensive services
and equipment for the complete lifecycle of indoor agriculture facilities. This lifecycle includes designing and engineering the facility,
providing the many required infrastructure technologies, advising on and ensuring proper installation of the technologies, providing
training and start-up support, and ultimately providing preventative and other ongoing services for ensuring proper maintenance and operations. 

We
provide a comprehensive range of service solutions that include facility design and budgeting, equipment selection and specification,
equipment installation advisory, and preventative maintenance services. In addition, we provide our customers with product offerings
that include both proprietary products and value-added reseller VAR products. 

6 

Service
 Solutions 

Facility
 Design and Budgeting 

Licensed
 Architectural design, including space and operational planning 

Licensed
 Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing (MEP) engineering, including equipment layout and workflow 

Assessment
 of equipment options based on facility requirements 

Specification/recommendation
 of equipment for each facility 

Budget
 Formulation early in the design process to help the customer make appropriate design choices 

Equipment
 Selection and Specification 

Identifying,
 assessing, and selecting equipment to meet customer requirements 

Equipment
 Installation Advisory 

Advising
 contractors to ensure proper cultivation equipment installation 

Start-up
 Services 

Initial
 equipment start-up support 

Controls
 system checkout and tuning 

Operator
 training 

Lifecycle
 Services 

Preventative
 Maintenance Services (Subscription) 

Product
 Solutions 

Proprietary,
 white-label environmental control products 

Proprietary
 Facility Control System (SentryIQ 

Value-Added
 Reseller VAR of Cultivation and Environmental Control Products 

VAR
 of Lighting Products 

VAR
 of Benching and Racking Products 

VAR
 of Water Remediation Products and HVAC equipment 

Our
Customers and Prospects 

We
provide our services and products to customers who are building, upgrading, or expanding an indoor cultivation facility for any crop.
Our customers vary based on the size of the facility, type of crop being cultivated, and extent of construction or retrofitting of the
facility. 

Most
of our customers are new entrants to the CEA industry and have no other cultivation facilities. Some customers have one or more facilities
which we classify as MFOs (multi-facility operators), and these are our favored prospects that we pursue aggressively or who turn to
us after we have served them on a previous facility. We currently do not have projects with the largest, publicly traded firms (typically
referred to as MSOs, or Multi-State Operators). 

7 

MFOs
are customers who already own cultivation facilities and they are our preferred customers because they are likely already successful
and cash-flowing, and they understand the challenges of building a new cultivation facility. They are thus a less risky prospect with
a much higher likelihood of successfully completing a project. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
have both marketing and sales employees who focus on winning business from new entrants and smaller MFOs. Through our marketing activities,
we focus on generating new leads and positioning ourselves in the CEA facilities indoor cultivation market. We lead with our value proposition
of offering a wide range of proprietary and curated products and services, giving more options to our customers to satisfy their individual
applications and goals. 

Our
sales strategy involves reaching out to potential customers on leads developed by our marketing efforts and developing those relationships.
Our sales cycle can range from several months to 18 months from first contact with a prospect to signing a contract. The sales cycles
for our new build commercial projects can vary significantly depending on the size and complexity of the project. From pre-sales and
technical advisory meetings to sales contract execution, to engineering and design services and equipment delivery, and all the way through
installation and startup of the installed system, the full cycle can range from three months to two years. Since we do not install any
of the products we sell, our customers are required to use third-party installation contractors, which adds to the variability of the
sales cycle. 

Sales,
Contract, and Fulfillment Cycle 

When
a customer agrees to enter into a contract with us it can be for any or all of the following: 

Architectural
 design services; 

MEP
 engineering services; 

Equipment
 provision; and 

Preventative
 maintenance. 

To
enter into a contract, we require a 5-10 deposit and a signed contract. We then require progress payments as architectural and/or engineering
work is completed, and before equipment is shipped. We generally do not ship equipment to a customer unless that equipment has been fully
paid. The sales and fulfillment cycle can be summarized as follows, with elapsed time from start: 

Start:
Early meetings to understand goals and resources; 

1-2
months: Proposal development and presentation; 

3
months: Contract acceptance (requires 5-10 deposit); 

3
months: Architectural and MEP engineering work begin; 

4-5
months: Architectural and MEP engineering work completed, and equipment selections finalized (services paid for before release of construction
drawings); 

5
months: equipment ordered (40 deposit on equipment received prior to ordering); 

6-18
months: construction project commences, equipment delivered as required (fully paid for before shipping); and 

12-18
months: all equipment shipped and installed, project completed, operator training and system startup conducted. 

8 

Anticipated
Average Project Revenues. 

Architectural
and engineering services fees per project can range from 10,000 to over 100,000, depending on the size of the project. Revenue from
equipment sales on an individual projects has been as much as 3,000,000 but most typically, the per project range is from 500,000 to
 1,500,000. 

Our
Competition 

Our
environmental control systems and our related engineering and design services compete with various national and local Mechanical, Electrical
 Plumbing (MEP) engineering firms. We also compete with national and local HVACD contractors and traditional HVACD equipment suppliers
who resell, design, and implement climate control systems for commercial and industrial facilities, but most of whom do not have the
specific knowledge that we have about the complexities and challenges of CEA facilities. We have positioned ourselves to differ from
these competitors by providing a broad range of engineering and design services and environmental control systems, across most major
HVACD solutions, including chilled water systems, custom air handling units, split systems, and packaged roof-top units. Each is tailored
specifically for managing the distinct challenges involved in CEA facilities. We believe our industry-specific applications and experience
in the CEA market allow us to deliver the right solution to our cultivation customers. Unlike many of our competitors, our solutions
are designed specifically for cultivators to provide tight temperature and humidity control, reduce bio-security risks, reduce energy
requirements, and minimize maintenance complexity, costs and downtime. However, we are seeing more competitors enter the CEA market,
focused on emulating the same types of crop-specific climate control systems and engineering services that we offer. We believe this
increased competition may adversely impact our ability to obtain new facility projects from both MFOs and independent smaller growers
and could require us to accept lower gross margins on our projects. 

As
the cannabis segment of the CEA industry continues to mature and develop and legalization becomes more prevalent, we expect to see more
competition from agricultural product and service providers who seek to expand into this niche of the CEA market. Companies already operating
in the non-cannabis CEA industry may have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger client bases and significantly
greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources. These competitors may adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more
attractive offers to existing and potential clients, employees, strategic partners, distribution channels and advertisers. Increased
competition is likely to result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and a potential loss of market share. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of patent and trademark rights, licenses, trade secrets, and laws that protect intellectual property, confidential
procedures, and contractual restrictions with our employees and others to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. While
we have several issued patents, we do not believe that these issued patents currently provide us with a meaningful competitive advantage.
We have registered trademarks around our core Surna brand in the United States and select foreign jurisdictions, as well as the Surna
logo and the combined Surna logo and name in the United States. Our Surna trademark is also registered in the European Union and Canada.
We also recently secured trademark registration for our proprietary SCA platform, SentryIQ, in the United States and Canada. Subject
to ongoing use and renewal, trademark protection is potentially perpetual. We actively protect our inventions, new technologies, and
product developments by maintaining trade secrets and, in limited circumstances, filing for patent protection. 

Employees 

We
currently have 19 active full-time employees. However, we may engage, and have in the past utilized, the services of consultants, independent
contractors, and other non-employee professionals. Additional employees may be hired in the future depending on need, available resources,
and our achieved growth. 

US
Government Regulation 

While
we do not generate any revenue from the direct sale of cannabis products, we have historically, and continue to, offer our services and
engineering solutions to indoor cultivators that are engaged in various aspects of the cannabis industry. Cannabis is a Schedule I controlled
substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which specific uses of marijuana have been legalized, such as medical
marijuana or for adult recreational purpose, its use remains a violation of federal laws. 

9 

A
Schedule I controlled substance is defined as a substance that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of
safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The Department of Justice defines Schedule I controlled substances
as the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe psychological or physical dependence. If
the federal government decides to enforce the Controlled Substances Act with respect to cannabis, persons that are charged with distributing,
possessing with intent to distribute, or growing cannabis could be subject to fines and terms of imprisonment, the maximum being life
imprisonment and a 50 million fine. Any change in the federal government s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant
financial damage to us. While we do not intend to harvest, manufacture, distribute or sell cannabis or cannabis products, we may be irreparably
harmed by a change in enforcement by the federal or state governments. 

In
the past, the Obama administration took the position that it was not an efficient use of resources to direct federal law enforcement
agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical marijuana. The Trump
administration revised this policy but made no major changes in enforcement through Attorney General Jeffrey Sessions rescinding the
Cole Memorandum. Although President Biden stood for decriminalization and descheduling during his campaign, his administration has not
formulated an explicit policy on cannabis. The Biden administration has implemented pardons for past federal cannabis possession convictions
and encouraged governors to do the same. Also, in May 2021 the Drug Enforcement Administration approved licensed facilities to grow cannabis
for the purpose of medical research, and on December 2, 2022, President Biden signed the Medical Marijuana and Cannabidiol Research Expansion
Act. This act is the first standalone marijuana-related bill approved by both chambers of the United States Congress and
allows medical marijuana research. The act requires the Drug Enforcement Administration to register researchers and suppliers of cannabis
for medical research in a timely manner, who will then be able to legally manufacture, distribute, dispense and possess the substance.
It also creates a mechanism for FDA approval of drugs derived from the cannabis plant and protects doctors who may now discuss
the harms and benefits of using cannabis and cannabis derivatives. It also requires the Department of Health and Human Services
to investigate the medical utility of cannabis and barriers that exist to conducting research, and requires the U.S. Attorney General
to conduct an annual review to ensure that cannabis is being adequately produced for research purposes. In January 2023, the FDA stated
that given the growing cannabidiol (CBD) products market, it had convened a high-level internal working group to explore potential regulatory
pathways for CBD products and is prepared to find a new regulatory pathway for CBD to balance individuals desire for access to
CBD products with the regulatory oversight needed to manage risks. Notwithstanding the actions of the Biden administration, it should
be expected that the Department of Justice will continue to enforce the Controlled Substances Act with respect to cannabis under established
principles in setting their law enforcement priorities to prevent: 

the
 distribution of cannabis products, such as marijuana, to minors; 

criminal
 enterprises, gangs and cartels receiving revenue from the sale of cannabis; 

the
 diversion of cannabis products from states where it is legal under state law to states where it is not legal under state law; 

the
 use of state-authorized cannabis activity as a cover or pretext for the trafficking of other illegal drugs or other illegal activity; 

violence
 and the use of firearms in the cultivation and distribution of cannabis products; 

driving
 while impaired and the exacerbation of other adverse public health and safety consequences associated with cannabis product usage; 

the
 growing of cannabis on public lands; and 

cannabis
 possession or use on federal property. 

Since
the use of marijuana is illegal under federal law, most federally chartered banks will not accept deposit funds from businesses involved
with marijuana. Consequently, businesses involved in the marijuana industry generally bank with state-chartered banks and credit unions
to provide banking to the industry. 

In
2014, Congress passed a spending bill containing a provision (the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment and sometimes referred to as the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer
Amendment) blocking federal funds and resources allocated under the federal appropriations bills from being used to prevent such
States from implementing their own State medical marijuana laws. The Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment, however, did not codify
any federal protections for medical marijuana patients and producers operating within state law. The Justice Department maintains that
it can still prosecute violations of the federal cannabis laws and continue cases already in the courts. The Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment
must be re-enacted every year, and it is continued through September 30, 2023. However, state laws do not supersede the prohibitions
set forth in the federal drug laws. 

10 

In
order to participate in either the medical or the adult use aspects of the cannabis industry, all businesses and employees must obtain
licenses from the state and, for businesses, local jurisdictions as well. As an example, Colorado issues four types of business licenses
including cultivation, manufacturing, dispensing, and testing. In addition, all owners and employees must obtain an occupational license
to be permitted to own or work in a facility. All applicants for licenses undergo a background investigation, including a criminal record
check for all owners and employees. 

Colorado
has also enacted stringent regulations governing the facilities and operations of cannabis businesses that are involved with the plant
and its products. All facilities are required to be licensed by the state and local authorities and are subject to comprehensive security
and surveillance requirements. In addition, each facility is subject to extensive regulations that govern its businesses practices, which
includes mandatory seed-to-sale tracking and reporting, health and sanitary standards, packaging and labeling requirements, and product
testing for potency and contaminants. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the medical marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our proposed operations.
Local, state and federal medical marijuana laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could
require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or
allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. It is also possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. We cannot predict the nature of any future
laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative
policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Investing
in our securities involves significant risks. Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe
are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 

Summary
Of Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those risks discussed at length in the section below titled Risk
Factors. These risks include, among others, the following: 

Historically,
 we have had limited revenues and operated our business with a working capital deficit. Additionally, our operating results have fluctuated
 over the years. 

We
 enter into contracts that are performed over a period of time; therefore, we have a contract backlog in differing amounts from quarter
 to quarter. Converting backlog to revenue depends on many factors, such as the customer obtaining financing, building permits and
 construction of their facility. We may not be able to convert all of our contracts representing backlog into revenue. We currently
 do not convert our backlog on a consistent basis quarter to quarter. 

Although
 we are not cannabis plant touching, historically we have provided services and equipment to the cannabis industry segment. As a result,
 we may be subject to the changes within that sector and certain of the regulations and enforcement issues of the cannabis industry. 

We
 have material weaknesses in our controls and procedures for financial reporting. 

11 

We
 may not be able to implement a successful growth program and, even if that is successful, we may not manage our growth effectively,
 which may affect our investors return on investment. 

We
 will need to expand our customer base, developing customers operating in the CEA industry, expanding and developing our products
 and services for these potential customers and increasing our marketing and achieving timely contract execution. 

Due
 to supply disruptions and competing demand for products, we continue to experience supply issues similar to other members of our
 industry. International trade disputes, tariffs, international shipping and domestic trucking issues all contribute to the challenges
 we face in obtaining the products we need for contract performance. We have experienced and are likely to continue to experience
 inflationary effects on the cost of products and labor, which is likely to adversely affect our margins. The failure to procure the
 products we need to satisfy our customer contracts would disrupt our business, harm our reputation, result in losses and potently
 cause us to lose our market. 

We
 rely on third party manufacturers to supply the equipment we sell or lease. If the equipment does not perform to specifications or
 to our customers satisfaction, there may be an adverse impact on our business and our revenues. 

The
 build side of the CEA industry is very competitive. To be able to compete successfully, we will need to offer a wide range of products,
 have adequate capital for expansion, supply and execution, and develop robust marketing. 

We
 will need to attract and retain top quality employee talent. We are dependent on certain key sales, managerial and executive personnel
 for our current and future success. 

Cannabis
 remains illegal under federal law, and therefore, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding cannabis, particularly against our
 customers, would likely result in our inability to execute our business plan. We are subject to a number of laws focused on businesses
 that are peripheral to the cannabis industry. Variations in state and local regulation and enforcement in states that have legalized
 cannabis may impose certain restrictions on cannabis-related activities that may adversely impact our business. Public opinion against
 cannabis may have an adverse impact on our business. 

Effective
 February 10, 2022, trading commenced in the Company s common stock and certain of the Company s warrants on NASDAQ. There
 is no assurance that we will have an active trading market for our securities listed on NASDAQ. If there is a market, the prices
 of our publicly traded securities may be volatile, and the price may decrease substantially. We do not intend on paying dividends. 

Risk
Factors 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Our
revenues have been limited, and we will need to obtain financing for future growth, and possibly our operations, which may not be available
to us. 

Historically,
we have raised equity and debt capital to support our operations. We raised approximately 22 million from a public offering completed
in February 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 14,724,000 and our cash balance was 18,637,000.
Notwithstanding the recent capital raise, we expect to need additional funds in the longer term, from time to time, to complete aspects
of the overall development of our business plan, such as in connection with the acquisition of strategic assets. The precise amount and
timing of our funding needs cannot be determined accurately at this time, and will depend on a number of factors, including market demand
for our products and services, the success of our product development efforts, the timing of receipts for customer payments, the management
of working capital, and the continuation of normal payment terms and conditions for our purchase of goods and services. The continuation
of normal payment terms and conditions with our customers and suppliers, including our ability to obtain advance payments from our customers,
significantly impacts our ability to fund our ongoing operations. 

12 

Any
future equity offering will result in dilution to our shareholders; obtaining borrowed capital may not be possible for us. 

To
the extent that we raise equity and equity linked securities in any future offerings, our existing shareholders will experience a dilution
in the voting power and ownership of their common stock, and our earnings per share, if any, would be impacted. Any borrowings made to
finance operations, which are difficult to obtain from most traditional banks due to the federal laws prohibiting cannabis, could make
us more vulnerable to a downturn in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases in interest rates on borrowings
that are subject to interest rate fluctuations. The amount and timing of additional financing needs will vary principally depending on
the timing of new product launches, investments and/or acquisitions, and the amount of cash flow from our operations. If our resources
are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to issue additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. 

The
results of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely impact, the Company s operations and financial
results. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic resulted in economic disruption that continues. The extent to which our business and financial results are impacted
will depend on numerous evolving factors which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. In addition, the change in macroeconomic conditions
are impacting the financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity and energy prices, and interest rates. The
effect of inflation in the post pandemic economy is also becoming a significant factor in our business operations and considerations. 

We
still are experiencing delays with our international supply of products and shipments from vendors. While these delays have improved
in recent months, we, along with many other importers of goods across all industries, continue to experience supply chain disruption.
Also, shipping times are still longer than they were prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors have impacted our operations and our
contract fulfilment schedules. Our customers also are experiencing post-pandemic disruption that has resulted in delaying grow facility
projects, reductions in project size and cancellations of projects. 

Although
our current accounting estimates contemplate current and expected future conditions, as applicable, it is reasonably possible that actual
business conditions could differ from our expectations, which could materially affect our results of operations and financial position.
Such changes could result in future impairments of goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, incremental credit losses on accounts
receivable, or excess and obsolete inventory. Any of these events could amplify the other risks and uncertainties described in this Annual
Report and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

There
is no assurance that we will be able to convert our backlog into revenue or make a profit. 

We
may be unable to convert the full contract value of our backlog in a timely manner, or at all. We inconsistently convert our backlog
into revenue on a quarter-to-quarter basis. The performance of our obligations under a sales contract, and the timing of our revenue
recognition, is dependent upon our customers ability to secure funding and real estate, obtain a license and then build their
cultivation facility so they can use our services and take possession of the equipment we provide. Our sales contracts currently are
not time specific as to when our customers are required to take delivery of our services and equipment. More recently, we determined
that some of our new construction facility projects are becoming larger and more complex and, as a result, delays were more likely due
to licensing and permitting, lack of, or delay in, funding, staged facility construction, and/or the shifting priorities of certain customers
with multiple facility projects in progress at one time. Even if we obtain more customers, or increase the average size of our projects,
there is no guarantee that we will be able to generate a profit. Because we are a small company with limited capital, limited products
and services, and limited marketing activities, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to operate profitably. If we cannot
operate profitably, we may have to suspend or cease operations. 

We
may extend credit to our customers in the future and, if we are unable to collect these accounts receivable, our future profitability
could be adversely impacted. 

Historically,
we had little exposure to the collection risk on accounts receivable since we typically received payments from our customers in advance
of our performance of services or delivery of equipment. However, in certain situations, especially as we expand our products and services
offering for a customer s entire facility lifecycle, we may extend credit to our customers, in which case we are at risk for the
collection of account receivables. Accordingly, we will be at greater risk for the collection of account receivables. Any customer credit
arrangements are negotiated and may not protect us if a customer develops operational difficulty or incurs operating losses which could
lead to a bankruptcy. In these cases, we may lose most of the outstanding balance due. In addition, we are typically not able to insure
our accounts receivables. The risk is that we derive our revenue and profits from selling products and services to the emerging cannabis
industry. The failure of our customers to pay the full amounts due to us could negatively affect future profitability. 

13 

Because
we currently do not maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud, and investor confidence and the market price of our common stock may, therefore, be adversely impacted. 

Our
reporting obligations as a public company place significant requirements on our management, operational and financial resources, and
systems, and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Annually, we are required to prepare a management report on our management s
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting is currently not effective. In the event that our status with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC changes to that of an accelerated filer from a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required
to attest to and report on our management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Under
such circumstances, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent
registered public accounting firm may still decline to attest to our management s assessment, or may issue a report that is qualified,
if it is not satisfied with our controls, or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it
interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and, if we do not remediate the material weakness
or are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness
of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 

The Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because: (i) we lack a sufficient
complement of personnel with a level of accounting expertise and an adequate supervisory review structure that is commensurate with our
financial reporting requirements, (ii) there is inadequate segregation of duties due to the limitation on the number of our accounting
personnel, and (iii) we have insufficient controls and processes in place to adequately verify the accuracy and completeness of spreadsheets
that we use for a variety of purposes including revenue, taxes, stock-based compensation and other areas, and place significant reliance
on, for our financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If we are unable to achieve effective internal control over financial reporting,
or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we continue to have a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of
our shares could decline, and our reputation may be damaged. 

The
inability to effectively manage our growth or our operational reorganization could harm our business and materially and adversely affect
our operating results and financial condition. 

Any
growth in or reorganization of our business and operations is likely to place a strain on our management and administrative resources,
infrastructure and systems. We expect that we will need to further refine and expand our business development capabilities, our systems
and processes and our access to financing sources. We also will need to hire, train, supervise, and manage employees. These processes
are time consuming and expensive, will increase management responsibilities and will divert management attention. We cannot assure that
we will be able to: 

execute
 on our business plan and strategy; 

expand
 our products effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner; 

allocate
 our human resources optimally; 

meet
 our capital needs; 

identify
 and hire qualified employees or retain valued employees; or 

effectively
 incorporate the components of any business or product line that we may acquire in our effort to achieve growth. 

14 

Our
inability or failure to manage our company effectively could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly based on customer acceptance of our services and products, industry uncertainty, project
financing concerns, and the licensing and qualification of our prospective customers. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our
results of operations are unlikely to provide a good indication of our future performance. 

Management
expects that, under typical operating conditions, we will experience substantial variations in our revenues and operating results from
quarter to quarter. Our revenue recognition is dependent upon shipment of the equipment portions of our sales contracts, which, in many
cases, may be delayed while our customers complete permitting, prepare their facilities for equipment installation or obtain project
financing. Industry uncertainty, project financing concerns, and the licensing and qualification of our prospective customers, which
are out of our control, make it difficult for us to predict when we will recognize revenue. If customers are unable to obtain licensing,
permitting or financing, our sales and revenue will decline, resulting in a reduction in our operating income or possible increase in
losses. Also, because of the coronavirus responses and our own cost savings actions, we cannot predict the course of our revenues and
operating results with accuracy at this time. 

To
date, the majority of our revenues have been generated from clients that operate in the legal cannabis industry in the United States
and Canada. 

We
provide the majority of our facility engineering design and equipment integration and solutions to facilities in the legal cannabis industry.
While we are hopeful that the proportion of non-cannabis revenues will increase over time, a decrease in demand in the legal cannabis
industry could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and the success of our business. 

The
cannabis industry has been an emerging industry over the last several years, and cannabis has only been legalized in some states and
remains illegal in other states and under U.S. federal law, making it difficult to accurately forecast the demand for our engineering
and product solutions in this specific industry. Losing clients from the cannabis industry may have a material adverse effect on our
revenues and the success of our business. 

The
cannabis industry is still in its early stages of development in the United States. While the majority of U.S. states now have legal
cannabis, it remains illegal under U.S. federal law, making it difficult to accurately predict and forecast the demand for our engineering
and product solutions. If the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ did take action against the cannabis industry, we believe
those of our clients operating in the legal cannabis industry would be lost to us. 

In
our operations, we rely heavily upon the various U.S. federal governmental memos issued in the past, including the memorandum issued
by the DOJ on October 19, 2009, known as the Ogden Memorandum , the memorandum issued by the DOJ on August 29, 2013, known
as the Cole Memorandum and other guidance, in the attempt to keep our operations acceptable to those state and federal
entities that regulate, enforce, or choose to defer enforcement of certain current regulations regarding cannabis. By doing this, we
seek to avoid the many possible consequences of providing grow equipment to the cannabis industry as our customers continue to comply
with their state and local jurisdictional laws, rules and regulations and the interpretations of relevant authorities. 

The
legal cannabis industry is not yet well or fully developed, and many aspects of this industry s development and evolution cannot
be accurately predicted. Therefore, the loss of any of our current clients or our inability to capture new client contracts will have
a material adverse effect on our business. While we have attempted to identify our business risks in the legal cannabis industry, you
should carefully consider that there are other risks that cannot be foreseen or are not described in this report, which could materially
and adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

15 

There
is heightened scrutiny by Canadian regulatory authorities related to the cannabis industry. 

We
seek grower customers in the CEA Canadian market, some of which are cannabis growers. Therefore, our existing and future operations may
become the subject of heightened scrutiny by those regulators and other authorities in Canada that oversee the cannabis industry. As
a result, we may become subject to direct and indirect interaction with public officials in one or both the United States and Canada.
No assurance can be provided that any heightened scrutiny will not in turn lead to the imposition of restrictions on our ability to operate
in Canada, in addition to those described herein. 

If
we do not successfully have additional products and services, or if those products and services are not successfully commercialized,
we could lose revenue opportunities. 

Our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our product and service offerings. We intend to collaborate with manufacturing
partners to optimize products for the CEA (including cannabis) market. The processes of identifying and commercializing products are complex
and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers changing needs and emerging technological trends our business could
be harmed. We have already and may have to continue to commit significant resources to commercializing products before knowing whether
our investments will result in products the market will accept. We may be unable to differentiate our products from those of our competitors,
and our products may not be accepted by the market. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify additional product opportunities,
develop and bring products to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies
developed by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully
on commercializing those products because of errors in product planning or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely
fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do and a reduction
in revenue and earnings. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to grow and expand our customer base. Our failure to achieve such growth or expansion could materially
harm our business. 

Our
success depends on us achieving greater and broader acceptance of our products and services. This will require us to expand our commercial
customer base and win larger contracts. Recently in later 2022 and early 2023, we have not been as successful in these endeavours as
in the recent past. There can be no assurance our overall sales efforts will be successful to result in profitability. There can be no
assurance that customers will purchase our services or products or that we will continue to expand our customer base. If we are unable
to effectively market or expand our product and service offerings, we will be unable to grow and expand our business or implement our
business strategy. This could materially impair our ability to increase sales and revenue, and materially and adversely affect our margins,
which could harm our business and cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
suppliers could fail to fulfill our orders for parts used to assemble our products, which would disrupt our business, increase our costs,
harm our reputation, and potentially cause us to lose our market. 

We
depend on third party suppliers around the world, including those in The People s Republic of China, for materials used to assemble
our products. Any of these suppliers could fail to produce products to our specifications or in a workmanlike manner and may not deliver
the material or products on a timely basis. Our suppliers may also have to obtain inventories of the necessary parts and tools for production.
Any change in our suppliers approach to resolving production issues could disrupt our ability to fulfill orders and could also
disrupt our business due to delays in finding new suppliers, providing specifications and testing initial production. 

Our
suppliers could experience uncontrollable delays in delivering our products. 

We
have experienced some unexpected and uncontrollable delays with our international supply of products and shipments from vendors due to
a significant increase in shipments to U.S. ports, less cargo being shipped by air, unavailability of truckers and a general shortage
of containers. We expect this to continue for some time. These disruptions are also causing price increases, which may become an inflationary
force in the marketplace. 

Equipment
failures or poor performance may negatively impact our business. 

We
rely on third party manufacturers for equipment which we sell or lease. From time to time, such equipment may not perform to specifications
or to our customers satisfaction. Such equipment deficiencies may lead to down time impacting our revenue. Further, frequent downtime
at customers sites due to equipment failures may result in such customers generating less revenue and increasing credit default
risk. In addition, these failures may also result in additional time spent by our personnel, decreasing profit margins on certain ancillary
services. 

16 

International
trade disputes could result in tariffs and other protectionist measures that could adversely affect the Company s business. 

Tariffs
could increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into making them. These increased costs could adversely
impact the gross margin that we earn on sales of our products. Tariffs could also make our products more expensive for customers, which
could make our products less competitive and reduce customer demand. Countries may also adopt other protectionist measures that could
limit our ability to offer our products and services. 

Our
inability to effectively protect our intellectual property would adversely affect our ability to compete effectively, our revenue, our
financial condition, and our results of operations. 

We
may be unable to obtain intellectual property rights to effectively protect our branding, products, and other intangible assets. Our
ability to compete effectively may be affected by the nature and breadth of our intellectual property rights. While we intend to defend
against any threats to our intellectual property rights, there can be no assurance that any such actions will adequately protect our
interests. If we are unable to secure intellectual property rights to effectively protect our branding, products, and other intangible
assets, our revenue and earnings, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
also rely on non-disclosure and non-competition agreements to protect portions of our intellectual property portfolio. There can be no
assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that third parties will not
otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge, or that third parties will not independently develop competitive
products with similar intellectual property. 

We
may become subject to additional regulation of CEA facilities. 

Our
engineering and design services and solutions are focused on CEA facilities that are able to grow a wide variety of crops beyond
that of cannabis, such as leafy greens (kale, Swiss chard, mustard, cress), microgreens (leafy greens harvested at the first true
leaf stage), ethnic vegetables and small fruits (such as strawberries, blackberries and raspberries), bell peppers, cucumbers, and
tomatoes. Some of these crops and their growing methodologies are subject to regulation by the United States Food and Drug
Administration, environmental agencies, public utility agencies and other federal, state or foreign agencies. Changes to any
regulations and laws that complicate the design and engineering of a subject CEA facility, such as wastewater treatment and
electricity-related mandates, make it possible that potential related zoning and enforcement could decrease the demand for our
services, and in turn negatively impact our revenues and business opportunities. 

The
CEA industry is highly competitive, and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors, which may give them an advantage
in developing and marketing services and products similar to ours or make our services and products obsolete. 

There
are many competitors in the CEA industry, including some companies that focus on the cannabis industry. These companies generally offer
products and services similar or the same as those offered by us. There can be no guarantees that in the future other companies will
not enter this arena by developing products that are in direct competition with us or even superior in quality or price. The barriers
to entry into the CEA industry are not overly significant. Over time we anticipate growth in our competition. Some of our current and
future competition may have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger client bases and significantly greater financial,
technical, sales and marketing resources. One or more of these qualities may allow them to respond more quickly than us to market opportunities.
They may be able to devote greater resources to the marketing, promotion and sale of their products and/or services. Competitors may
also adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to clients, employees, strategic partners, distribution channels
and advertisers. Increased competition is likely to result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and a potential loss of market
share. 

While
we believe we are better positioned to meet the exacting demands of a controlled cultivation environment through precise temperature,
humidity, light, and process controls and to satisfy the evolving code and regulatory requirements being imposed at the state and local
levels, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these other contractors and suppliers. 

17 

We
will be required to have top quality talent to compete in the marketplace. 

We
believe our success will depend in part on our ability to have skilled managerial, product development, sales and marketing, and finance
personnel. Our ability to attract and retain personnel with the requisite credentials, experience and skills will depend on several factors
including, but not limited to, our ability to offer competitive wages, benefits and professional growth opportunities. There can be no
assurance of success in attracting and retaining such personnel. Shortages in qualified personnel could limit our ability to increase
sales of existing products and services and launch new product and service offerings. 

We
are dependent upon certain key sales, managerial and executive personnel for our future success. If we lose any of our key personnel,
our ability to implement our business strategy could be significantly harmed. 

We
depend on the industry knowledge, technical and financial skill, and network of business contacts of certain key employees. Our future
success will depend on the continued service of these key employees or our ability to engage others who are similarly situated in the
industry. While we may have employment agreements with certain of these key employees, they are free to terminate their employment with
us at any time, although they may be subject to certain restrictive covenants on their post-termination activities. We do not carry key-man
life insurance on the lives of our key employees. The departure of any one of our key employees could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to achieve our business objective and maintain the specialized services that we offer our customers. 

System
security risks, data protection breaches, cyber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or services
provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely
affect our stock price. 

Experienced
computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information
or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop
and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of the
products that we may sell in the future, especially our SentryIQ sensors, controls and automation platform. The costs to us to eliminate
or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be
significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of
service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our engineering, sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical
functions. 

Portions
of our IT infrastructure may also experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems
integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning
data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource intensive. Such disruptions
could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, lower profits, or lost customers resulting
from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of being a public company, which will make it more difficult for us to achieve profitability. 

As
a public company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements
applicable to a company whose securities are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and other rules implemented
by the SEC. These costs will make it more difficult for us to achieve profitability. 

Changes
in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could
significantly affect our financial results. 

U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations
with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business, such as, but not limited to, revenue recognition, stock-based
compensation, trade promotions, and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments
by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our
management could significantly change our reported results. 

18 

Our
ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to limitations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has U.S. federal and state net operating losses NOLs of approximately 25,949,000,
of which 11,196,000 will expire, if not utilized, in the years 2034 through 2037. However, the balance of 14,753,000 NOLs generated
subsequent to December 31, 2017, do not expire but may only be used against taxable income to 80 . In addition, under Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes
an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a
three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes
to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We have experienced ownership changes in the past and we may experience additional
ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent changes in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control.
Our September 2021 and February 2022 securities sales also will have to be taken into account for determination of any ownership
change that we have undergone during a determination period. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our net operating
loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our post tax income by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. 

We
may not be able to successfully identify, consummate or integrate acquisitions or to successfully manage the impacts of such transactions
on our operations. 

Part
of our business strategy includes evaluating and pursuing synergistic and other acquisitions. Material acquisitions and other strategic
transactions involve a number of risks, including: (i) the potential disruption of our ongoing business; (ii) the distraction of management
away from the ongoing oversight of our existing business activities; (iii) incurring additional indebtedness; (iv) the anticipated benefits
and cost savings of those transactions not being realized fully, or at all, or taking longer to realize than anticipated; (v) an increase
in the scope and complexity of our operations; (vi) the disruption of a significant reorganization of the company; and (vii) the loss
or reduction of control over certain of our assets. 

The
pursuit of acquisitions may pose certain risks to us. We may not be able to identify acquisition candidates that fit our criteria for
growth and profitability. Even if we are able to identify such candidates, we may not be able to acquire them on terms or financing satisfactory
to us. We will incur expenses and dedicate attention and resources associated with the review of acquisition opportunities, whether or
not we consummate such acquisitions. 

Recent
developments in financial institutions could adversely affect our current and projected business operations, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Recent
events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance and other adverse developments that affect financial institutions have
led to market-wide liquidity concerns. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank was closed by the California Department of
Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, as receiver. On March 12, 2023,
Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were also placed into receivership. The company may experience delayed access or a loss of
its uninsured deposits or other financial assets should its existing financial institution experience financial distress. While the U.S.
Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have provided access to uninsured funds in connection with the SVB crisis, there
is no guarantee that these institutions will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks
or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. The Company currently has all of its funds in one bank and is
currently evaluating its banking relationships with the intent of increasing the amount of deposits that are fully insured or
invested in risk free instruments. 

The
results of events or concerns that involve non-performance by financial institutions could include a variety of material and adverse
impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any further
deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by companies with whom we
do business, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations, results of operations
and financial condition. In addition, a company could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described
above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to
uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. 

Risks
Related to the Cannabis Industry 

Cannabis
remains illegal under federal law, and therefore, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding cannabis, particularly against our customers,
would likely result in our inability to execute our business plan. 

All
but three U.S. states have legalized, to some extent, cannabis for medical purposes. Thirty-seven states, the District of Columbia, Puerto
Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, and the Northern Mariana Islands have legalized some form of whole-plant cannabis cultivation, sales
and use for certain medical purposes (medical states). Nineteen of those states and the District of Columbia and Northern Mariana have
also legalized cannabis for adults for non-medical purposes (sometimes referred to as adult use). Ten additional states have legalized
low-tetrahydrocannabinol THC )/high-CBD extracts for select medical conditions (CBD states). 

Under
U.S. federal law, however, those activities are illegal. 

Cannabis,
other than hemp (defined by the U.S. government as Cannabis sativa L . with a THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry
weight basis), is a Schedule I controlled substance under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801, et seq.) (the CSA ).
Even in states or territories that have legalized cannabis to some extent, the cultivation, possession, and sale of cannabis all violate
the CSA and are punishable by imprisonment, substantial fines and forfeiture. Moreover, individuals and entities may violate federal
law if they aid and abet another in violating the CSA, or conspire with another to violate the law, and violating the CSA is a predicate
for certain other crimes, including money laundering laws and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. The U.S. Supreme
Court has ruled that the federal government has the authority to regulate and criminalize the sale, possession and use of cannabis, even
for individual medical purposes, regardless of whether it is legal under state law. For over six years, however, the U.S. government
has not enforced those laws against companies complying with state cannabis law and their vendors. 

19 

The
likelihood of any future adverse enforcement against companies complying with state cannabis laws remains uncertain. The U.S. Attorney s
Office will follow established principles that govern all federal prosecutions when deciding which cannabis activities to prosecute.
As a result, federal prosecutors could and still can use their prosecutorial discretion to decide to prosecute even state-legal cannabis
activities. However, generally, U.S. Attorneys have not targeted state law compliant entities. The policy of not prosecuting companies
complying with state cannabis laws is likely to continue under the Biden Administration. 

Additionally,
since 2014, versions of the U.S. omnibus spending bill have included a provision prohibiting the DOJ, which includes the Drug Enforcement
Administration, from using appropriated funds to prevent states from implementing their medical-use cannabis laws. In USA vs. McIntosh ,
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit held that the provision prohibits the DOJ from spending funds to prosecute individuals
who engage in conduct permitted by state medical-use cannabis laws and who strictly comply with such laws. The court noted that, if the
spending bill provision were not continued, prosecutors could enforce against conduct occurring during the statute of limitations even
while the provision was previously in force. Other courts that have considered the issue have ruled similarly, although courts disagree
about which party bears the burden of proof of showing compliance or noncompliance with state law. 

We
cannot predict the timing of any change in federal law or possible changes in federal enforcement. In the unlikely event that the federal
government were to reverse its long-standing hands-off approach to the state legal cannabis markets and start more broadly enforcing
federal law regarding cannabis, we would likely be unable to execute our business plan, and our business and financial results would
be adversely affected. 

Certain
of our customers may be outside any protections extended to medical-use cannabis under the spending bill provision and more recent medical-use
and research laws. This could subject them to greater and/or different federal legal and other risks as compared to businesses where
cannabis is sold exclusively for medical use, which could in turn materially adversely affect our business. Furthermore, any change in
the federal government s enforcement posture with respect to state-licensed cannabis sales, including the enforcement postures
of individual federal prosecutors in judicial districts where we operate, could result in our inability to execute our business plan,
and we would likely suffer significant losses with respect to our customer base, which would adversely affect our operations, cash flow
and financial condition. 

We
are and will be subject to applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations. 

We
are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and Canada that involve money laundering, financial recordkeeping
and proceeds of crime, including the U.S. Currency and Foreign 125 Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (commonly known as the Bank Secrecy
Act), as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), as amended and
the rules and regulations thereunder, and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by
governmental authorities in the United States, Canada and internationally. Further, under U.S. federal law, banks or other financial
institutions that provide a cannabis business with a checking account, debit or credit card, small business loan, or any other service
could be found guilty of money laundering if certain other elements are met. 

Despite
these laws, the FinCEN Memorandum states that in some circumstances, it is permissible for banks to provide services to cannabis-related
businesses without risking FinCEN enforcement. It refers to and incorporates supplementary Cole Memo guidance issued to federal prosecutors
relating to the prosecution of money laundering offenses predicated on cannabis-related violations of the CSA on the same day. 

Notwithstanding
former Attorney General Sessions revocation of the Cole Memo, the status of the FinCEN Memorandum has not been affected, nor has
the Department of the Treasury given any indication that it intends to rescind the FinCEN Memorandum itself. Though it was originally
intended for the Cole Memo and the FinCEN Memorandum to work in tandem, the FinCEN Memorandum appears to remain in effect as a standalone
document which explicitly lists the eight enforcement priorities originally cited in the rescinded Cole Memo. Although the FinCEN Memorandum
remains intact, indicating that the Department of the Treasury and FinCEN intend to continue abiding by its guidance, it is unclear whether
the current administration will continue to follow the guidelines of the FinCEN Memorandum. 

20 

We
face risks related to civil asset forfeiture due to the regulatory environment of the cannabis industry in the United States. 

Because
the cannabis industry remains illegal under U.S. federal law, any property owned by participants in the cannabis industry, which are
either used in the course of conducting such business, or are the proceeds of such business, could be subject to seizure by law enforcement
and subsequent civil asset forfeiture. Even if the owner of the property were never charged with a crime, the property in question could
still be seized and subject to an administrative proceeding by which, with minimal due process, it could be subject to forfeiture. As
a result, the equipment that our customers acquire from us in the United States may be subject to such seizure and forfeiture. Additionally,
a broad interpretation of the law could potentially result in the seizure and forfeiture of proceeds we generate from client payments
who are subject to property seizure. 

Public
opinion and perception of the cannabis industry may have an adverse effect on our business reputation. 

Government
policy changes or public opinion may also result in a significant influence over the regulation of the cannabis industry in the United
States, Canada, or elsewhere. Public opinion and support for medical and adult-use marijuana has traditionally been inconsistent and
varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. While public opinion and support appears to be improving for legalizing medical and adult-use
marijuana, it remains a controversial issue subject to differing opinions surrounding the level of legalization (for example, medical
marijuana as opposed to legalization in general). A negative shift in the public s perception of cannabis in the United States
or any other applicable jurisdiction could affect future legislation or regulation. Among other things, such a shift could cause state
jurisdictions to abandon initiatives or proposals to legalize medical and/or adult-use cannabis, thereby limiting the number of new state
jurisdictions into which we could expand. Any inability to fully implement our expansion strategy may have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations or prospects. 

We
may have difficulty accessing bankruptcy courts. 

Because
cannabis is illegal under federal law, federal bankruptcy protection is currently not available to parties who engage in the cannabis
industry or cannabis-related businesses. Recent bankruptcy rulings have denied bankruptcies for dispensaries upon the justification that
businesses cannot violate federal law and then claim the benefits of federal bankruptcy for the same activity and upon the justification
that courts cannot ask a bankruptcy trustee to take possession of and distribute cannabis assets as such action would violate the CSA.
Therefore, we may not be able to seek the protection of the bankruptcy courts, and this could materially affect our business or our ability
to obtain credit. 

Our
business efforts in Canada present opportunities, but no assurance can be given that our revenues and earnings will be improved on the
basis of our addressing the Canadian business. 

In
addition to U.S. operations, we seek to sell products and services to CEA and cannabis growers in Canada, where medical and recreational
cannabis has been legal since 2018 across the country both federally and provincially (subject to certain restrictions relating to CBD).
We believe Canada, with its federal legal regime, represents a business opportunity for us, but we have noticed softening demand from
Canadian prospects due, in part, to limited capital being available for new facilities and an overbuilding of cultivation capacity following
federal legalization. As a result, Canada now appears to be in a period of correction. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to make any additional sales of products or services in Canada. 

Variations
in state and local regulation and enforcement in states that have legalized cannabis may impose certain restrictions on cannabis-related
activities that may adversely impact our revenue and earnings. 

Variations
exist among states that have legalized, decriminalized, or created medical cannabis programs. For example, Alaska and Colorado have limits
on the number of cannabis plants that can be grown by an individual in the home. In most states, the cultivation of cannabis for personal
use continues to be prohibited except by those states that allow small-scale cultivation by the individual in possession of cannabis
for medicinal purposes or that person s caregiver. Active enforcement of state laws that prohibit personal cultivation of cannabis
may indirectly and adversely affect our revenue and earnings. 

21 

The
cannabis industry could face strong opposition from other industries. 

We
believe that established businesses in other industries may have a strong economic interest in opposing the development of the cannabis
industry. Cannabis may be seen by companies in other industries as an attractive alternative to their products, including recreational
marijuana as an alternative to alcohol, and medical marijuana as an alternative to various commercial pharmaceuticals. Many industries
that could view the emerging cannabis industry as an economic threat are well established, with vast economic and United States federal
and state lobbying resources. It is possible that companies within these industries could use their resources to attempt to slow or reverse
legislation legalizing cannabis. Any inroads these companies make in halting or impeding legislative initiatives that would be beneficial
to the cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our clients and, in turn on our operations. 

Changing
legislation and evolving interpretations of law, could negatively impact our clients and, in turn, our operations. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the medical and adult-use marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our
clients involved in that industry and, in turn, our operations. Local, state and federal cannabis laws and regulations are often broad
in scope and subject to constant evolution and inconsistent interpretations, which could require our clients and ourselves to incur substantial
costs associated with modification of operations to ensure compliance. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such
violations, could disrupt our clients business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, it is possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will limit the amount of cannabis growth or related products that our commercial clients
are authorized to produce. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can it
determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have
on our operations. 

The
fact that we provide products and services to companies in the cannabis industry may impact our ability to raise adequate capital for
future expansion, which could hinder our growth potential as well as our revenue and earnings. 

A
very large percentage of our customers are operating in an industry that is still illegal under U.S. federal law. With the lingering
uncertainty of federal enforcement, many potential investors, especially institutional investors, either refuse to invest in the industry
or are very reluctant to make such investments. Our inability to raise adequate capital for future expansion could substantially hinder
our growth potential as well as our revenue and earnings. 

Our
success may be dependent on additional states legalizing recreational and/or medical cannabis use. 

Continued
development of the recreational and medical cannabis markets is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of cannabis at the
state level for recreational and/or medical purposes. Any number of factors could slow or halt the progress. Furthermore, progress, while
encouraging, is not assured, and the process normally encounters setbacks before achieving success. While there may be ample public support
for legislative proposals, key support must be created in the relevant legislative committee, or a bill may never advance to a vote.
Numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors could slow or halt the progress and adoption of cannabis for
recreational and/or medical purposes, which would limit the overall available market for our products and services, which could adversely
impact our business, revenue and earnings. 

22 

Our
customers may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult for them to purchase our products and services. 

As
a result of the federal illegality of marijuana, many banks do not provide banking services to the cultivation and distribution segments
of the cannabis industry, the argument being that they would be accepting for deposit funds derived from the operation of a federally
illegal business. On February 14, 2014, the U.S. Department of the Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN released guidance to banks clarifying Bank Secrecy Act BSA expectations for financial institutions seeking to
provide services to marijuana-related businesses. In addition, there have been legislative attempts to allow banks to transact
business with state-authorized cannabis businesses. While these are positive developments, there can be no assurance that legislation
will be successful, or that, even with the FinCEN guidance, banks will decide to do business with cannabis companies, or that, in the
absence of actual legislation, state and federal banking regulators will not strictly enforce current prohibitions on banks handling
funds generated from an activity that is illegal under federal law. Moreover, the FinCEN guidance may be rescinded or amended at any
time in order to reconcile the now conflicting guidance of the Sessions Memo. At present, few banks have taken advantage of the FinCEN
guidance, resulting in many cannabis businesses still operating on an all-cash basis. This makes it difficult for cannabis businesses
to manage their businesses and pay their employees and taxes; in addition, having so much cash on hand creates significant public safety
issues. Many ancillary businesses that service cannabis businesses have to deal with the unpredictability of their clients or customers
not having a bank account. The inability of our customers to open bank accounts and otherwise access the services of banks, including
obtaining credit, may make it more difficult and costly for them to operate and more difficult for such customers to purchase our products
and services, which could materially harm our business, revenue and earnings. 

We
are subject to certain federal regulations relating to cash reporting. 

The
BSA, enforced by FinCEN, requires us to report currency transactions in excess of 10,000, including identification of the customer by
name and social security number, to the Internal Revenue Service. This regulation also requires us to report certain suspicious activity,
including any transaction that exceeds 5,000 that we know, suspect or have reason to believe involves funds from illegal activity or
is designed to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements and to verify sources of funds. Substantial penalties can be imposed
against us if we fail to comply with this regulation. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, the imposition of a substantial
penalty could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

State
and municipal governments in which our customers do business or seek to do business may have or may adopt laws that adversely affect
our ability to do business with such customers. 

While
the federal government has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, state and municipal governments may adopt or amend additional
laws and regulations that further criminalize or adversely affect cannabis businesses. States that currently have laws that decriminalize
or legalize certain aspects of cannabis, such as medical marijuana, could in the future, reverse course and adopt new laws that further
criminalize or adversely affect cannabis businesses. Additionally, municipal governments in certain states may have laws that adversely
affect cannabis businesses, even though there are no such laws at the state level. For example, municipal governments may have zoning
laws that restrict where cannabis operations can be located and the manner and size of which they can expand and operate. These municipal
laws, like the federal laws, may adversely affect our customers ability to do business. Also, given the complexity and rapid change
of the federal, state and local laws pertaining to cannabis, our customers may incur substantial legal costs associated with complying
with these laws and in acquiring the necessary state and local licenses required by their business endeavors. All of the foregoing may
impact our customers ability to purchase our products and services, which may adversely affect our business, revenue and earnings. 

Most,
if not all, of our customers are impacted by Section 280E of the Code, which limits certain expenses marijuana companies can deduct.
This negative impact could affect the financial condition of our customers, which in turn may negatively affect the ability of our customers
to purchase our products and services. 

Section
280E of the Code forbids businesses from deducting otherwise ordinary business expenses from gross income associated with the trafficking 
of Schedule I or II substances, as defined by the CSA. The Internal Revenue Service (the IRS has subsequently applied
Section 280E to state-legal cannabis businesses since marijuana is still a Schedule I substance. Section 280E states that no deductions
should be allowed on any amount in carrying on any trade or business if such trade or business consists of trafficking in controlled
substances. Section 280E affects all businesses that engage in the cultivation, sale or processing of marijuana. This includes
cultivators, medical dispensaries, marijuana retail stores and infused product manufacturers, as well as marijuana-derived concentrates
and oil manufacturers. Because Section 280E limits certain deductions, it can have a dramatic effect on the profitability of these businesses,
which in turn may adversely affect their ability to purchase our products and services. Such result may adversely impact our revenue
and earnings. 

23 

There
may be difficulty enforcing certain of our commercial agreements and contracts. 

Courts
will not enforce a contract deemed to involve a violation of law or public policy. Because cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal
law, parties to contracts involving the state legal cannabis industry have argued that the agreement was void as federally illegal or
against public policy. Some courts have accepted this argument in certain cases, usually against the company trafficking in cannabis.
While courts have enforced contracts related to activities by state-legal cannabis companies, and the trend is generally to enforce contracts
with state-legal cannabis companies and their vendors, there remains doubt and uncertainty that we will be able to enforce our commercial
agreements in court for this reason. We cannot be assured that we will have a remedy for breach of contract, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Due
to our involvement in the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability and directors and officers insurance, is more difficult
for us to find, and more expensive, because we are product and service providers to companies in the cannabis industry. There are no
guarantees that we will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to
go without such insurances, it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us
to additional risk and financial liabilities. 

A
drop in the retail price of cannabis products may negatively impact our business. 

The
fluctuations in economic and market conditions that impact the prices of commercially grown cannabis, such as increases in the supply
of cannabis and decreases in demand for cannabis, could have a negative impact on our clients that are cannabis producers, and therefore
could negatively impact our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
securities prices may be volatile and may decrease substantially. 

The
public trading prices of our securities fluctuate, in some cases substantially, and we expect that they will continue to do so. The price
of our securities in the market on any particular day depends on many factors including, but not limited to, the following: 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

investor
 demand for our shares and warrants; 

significant
 volatility in the market price and trading volume of companies in the cannabis industry; 

variations
 in our operating results and market conditions specific to our business; 

the
 emergence of new competitors or new technologies; 

operating
 and market price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable; 

changes
 in our Board of Directors (the Board or management; 

sales
 or purchases of our securities by insiders, including sales of our common stock issued to employees, directors and consultants under
 our equity incentive plans which were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act under our S-8 registration statement; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation; 

changes
 in governmental regulations, in particular with respect to the cannabis industry; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our earnings, and fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; 

market
 sentiments about the cannabis industry; 

general
 economic conditions and trends; and 

departures
 of any of our key employees. 

24 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. Due to the potential volatility of our securities prices, we may therefore be the target of
securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention
and resources from our business. 

In
addition, if the market for equity stocks of companies in our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor
confidence, the market price of our securities could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition, or results of
operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause the price of our securities to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even
if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to our Board of Directors and management. 

Our
Board of Directors is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of our preferred stock into one or more classes, which could convey
special rights and privileges to its owners. 

Our
articles of incorporation permit our Board of Directors to reclassify any authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock into one
or more classes. Our Board of Directors will generally have broad discretion over the size and timing of any such classification, subject
to a finding that the classification and issuance of preferred stock is in our best interests. In the event our Board of Directors opts
to classify a portion of our unissued shares of preferred stock into a class of preferred stock, those preferred shares would have a
preference over our common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation. The class voting rights of any preferred shares we may issue
could make it more difficult for us to take some actions that may, in the future, be proposed by the Board of Directors and/or the holders
of our common stock, such as a merger, exchange of securities, liquidation, or alteration of the rights of a class of our securities,
if these actions were perceived by the holders of preferred shares as not in their best interests. These effects, among others, could
have an adverse effect on your investment in our common stock. 

Registration
rights and Rule 144 sales contain risks for shareholders. 

From
time to time, we issue our securities on an unregistered basis, which may be eligible for resale under SEC Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act or may require us to register with the SEC the securities for resale. In the event there are securities outstanding
that can be sold under Rule 144 or under a registration statement for resale, there may be market pressure on our stock to absorb the
securities in respect of the then market value of the company. 

We
have a substantial number of options and warrants outstanding, which if exercised for shares of common stock, may put pressure on the
market price of a share. 

We
have sold to public investors a substantial number of warrants to purchase common stock from time to time over the next several years.
In addition, we have a substantial number of options and warrants outstanding held by investment bankers who provided us with underwriting
and placement services that were issued warrants and employees that were issued options. To the extent that these are exercised for shares,
there may be pressure on our stock price while the market absorbs them. The potential of exercise may also have the same effect. Investors
should expect that the options and warrants will be exercised when the stock price is substantially above the exercise price. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future, to repay indebtedness and to fund the development
and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay any dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any decision
to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board taking into account various factors, including
our business, operating results and financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion, any legal or contractual
limitations on our ability to pay dividends under our loan agreements or otherwise. As a result, if our Board does not declare and pay
dividends, the capital appreciation in the price of our common stock, if any, will be your only source of gain on an investment in our
common stock, and you may have to sell some or all of your common stock to generate cash flow from your investment. 

25 

The
market price of our securities may be adversely affected by the sale of shares by our management or large stockholders. 

Sales
of our shares of common stock by our officers or senior managers through 10b5-1 plans or otherwise or by large stockholders could adversely
and unpredictably affect the price of our common stock. Additionally, the price of our shares of common stock could be affected even
by the potential for sales by these persons. We cannot predict the effect that any future sales of our common stock, or the potential
for those sales, will have on our share price. Furthermore, due to relatively low trading volume of our stock, should one or more large
stockholders seek to sell a significant portion of their stock in a short period of time, the price of our stock may decline. 

An
active, liquid trading market for our common stock and warrants may not develop or be sustained, and as a result, investors may not be
able to sell their common stock at or above their acquisition price, or at all . 

Prior
to February 10, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Markets Group, Inc., OTCQB. Trading on the OTCQB marketplace was infrequent
and in limited volume. Although our common stock is now listed on Nasdaq, along with our public warrants, an active trading market for
these securities may never develop or be sustained. If an active trading market does not develop, investors will have difficulty selling
their shares of common stock and warrants at an attractive price, or at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise
capital and may impair our ability to expand our business by using our common stock and common stock related securities as consideration
in an acquisition. 

If
we are unable to maintain our listing on The Nasdaq Markets for either the common stock or the warrants, or both, it could become more
difficult to sell our securities in the public market. 

Our
common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. To maintain our listing on this market, we must meet Nasdaq s listing maintenance
standards. If we are unable to continue to meet Nasdaq s listing maintenance standards for any reason, our common stock could be
delisted. If our common stock were delisted, we may seek to list our common stock on the NYSE American or on a regional stock exchange
or, if one or more broker-dealer market makers comply with applicable requirements, the over-the-counter (OTC) market. Listing on such
other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity of our common stock. If our common stock were to trade in the OTC market, an investor
would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the common stock. 

A
delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange would subject our common stock to
so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice and market-making requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a
market in those securities. Consequently, removal from The Nasdaq Capital Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange
could affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and the ability of purchasers
of our common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

Similarly,
we have a series of common stock purchase warrants listed on The Nasdaq Global Market which could separately be delisted for not meeting
maintenance standards. It these securities are delisted, we would try to list them on another market with or separately from the common
stock. If we are not successful in listing the warrants on a different market, an investor would find it more difficult to dispose of,
or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the warrants. 

On
March 22, 2023, the closing price of our common stock was .88 per share and .0541 per warrant. 

You
may be diluted by future issuances of preferred stock or additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions
or otherwise; future sales of such shares in the public market, or the expectations that such sales may occur, could lower our stock
price. 

Our
articles of incorporation authorizes us to issue shares of our common stock and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating
to our common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our Board in its sole discretion. We could issue
a significant number of shares of common stock in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions. Any of these issuances could
dilute our existing stockholders, and such dilution could be significant. Moreover, such dilution could have a material adverse effect
on the market price for the shares of our common stock. 

26 

The
future issuance of shares of preferred stock with voting rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of shares of our
common stock, either by diluting the voting power of our common stock if the preferred stock votes together with the common stock as
a single class, or by giving the holders of any such preferred stock the right or ability to block an action on which they have a separate
class vote, even if the action were approved by the holders of our shares of our common stock. 

The
future issuance of shares of preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable
to the holders of preferred stock, when compared to the rights of the common stockholders, could adversely affect the market price for
our common stock by making an investment in the common stock less attractive. For example, investors in the common stock may not wish
to purchase common stock at a price above the conversion price of a series of convertible preferred stock because the holders of the
preferred stock would effectively be entitled to purchase common stock at the lower conversion price, causing economic dilution to the
holders of common stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and therefore we are not required to provide information
under this item. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
own no real property. On July 28, 2021, we executed a lease, which became effective November 1, 2021, for our manufacturing and headquarters
office space at 385 S. Pierce Avenue, Suite C, Louisville, Colorado 80027. The term of the lease commenced November 1, 2021, and continues
through January 31, 2027. Our leased space is approximately 11,491 square feet. We believe that our lease is at market rates and that
there is sufficient space available in the Louisville, Colorado area to obtain additional or other space if and when required. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against
us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating
to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our customers. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted
with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

27 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Public
Securities; Common Stock and Warrants 

Our
shares of common stock are quoted on Nasdaq under the symbol CEAD . In addition, we have a class of publicly traded warrants
to purchase shares of common stock that are quoted on Nasdaq under the symbol CEADW. 

As
of March 28, 2023, we had approximately 32 shareholders of record and approximately 12,181 shareholders who hold their shares in street
name. 

We
currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future, to repay indebtedness and to fund the development
and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay any dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any decision
to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board taking into account various factors, including
our business, operating results and financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion, any legal or contractual
limitations on our ability to pay dividends under our loan agreements or otherwise. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

2017
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
August 1, 2017, our Board of Directors adopted and approved the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Equity Plan in order
to attract, motivate, retain, and reward high-quality executives and other employees, officers, directors, consultants, and other persons
who provide services to us by enabling such persons to acquire an equity interest in us. Under the 2017 Equity Plan, our Board of Directors
may award stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock
unit awards RSUs ), shares granted as a bonus or in lieu of another award, and other stock-based performance awards. The
2017 Equity Plan allocates 333,333 shares of our common stock Plan Shares for issuance of equity awards under the 2017
Equity Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we have granted, under the 2017 Equity Plan, awards in the form of RSAs for services rendered by
independent directors and consultants, non-qualified stock options, RSUs and stock bonus awards. 

The
information for our 2017 Equity Plan as of December 31, 2022 is summarized as follows: 

Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in first column) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders (1) 
 147,177 
 11.88 
 22,464 
 
 Total 
 147,177 
 11.88 
 22,464 

(1)
Of the 333,333 Plan Shares allocated for issuance under the 2017 Equity Plan, as of December 31, 2022, 163,692 shares have been
issued, non-qualified stock options over 147,177 shares were issued and outstanding and securities in respect of the remaining
22,464 shares were available for future issuance. 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
March 22, 2021, the Board approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Equity Plan ), which was approved by the stockholders
on July 22, 2021. The 2021 Equity Plan permits the Board to grant awards of up to 666,667 shares of common stock. The 2021 Plan provides
for the grant of incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ), non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards and restricted
stock unit awards and other equity linked awards to our employees, consultants and directors. If an equity award (i) expires or otherwise
terminates without having been exercised in full or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the holder of the award receives cash rather
than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of common stock that
may be issued pursuant to this Plan. As of December 31,
2022, we have granted under the 2021 Equity Plan, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, and a stock bonus award. 

28 

Number of shares 
 to be issued 
upon exercise 
 of outstanding 
 options 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future 
issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected 
 in first column) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 
 102,017 
 4.97 
 551,113 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders (1) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 102,017 
 4.97 
 551,113 

(1)
Of the 666,667 Plan Shares allocated for issuance under the 2021 Equity Plan, as of December 31, 2022, 10,170 shares have been issued,
non-qualified stock options over 61,201 shares were issued and outstanding, incentive stock options over 40,816 shares were issued and
outstanding, restricted stock units over 3,367 shares were issued and outstanding, and securities in respect of the remaining 551,113
shares were available for future issuance. 

Refer
to Note 14 Equity Incentive Plan of our consolidated financial statements, which are included as part of this Annual Report
for the further details on our 2017 Equity Plan and 2021 Equity Plan. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and therefore we are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information
included elsewhere in this Annual Report, which include additional information about our accounting policies, practices, and the transactions
underlying our financial results. In addition to historical information, this Annual Report contains forward-looking information that
involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information
due to the factors discussed under Cautionary Statements appearing elsewhere herein and the risks and uncertainties described
or identified in Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Please
also refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1 Business in this Annual Report, and our consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Our Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is segregated into four sections, including: 

Executive
Overview . This section provides a summary of our operating performance and cash flows, industry trends and our strategic initiatives. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates . This section describes the accounting areas where management makes critical estimates
to report our financial condition and results of operations. 

Results
of Operations . This section provides an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the two comparative periods
presented in our consolidated financial statements. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Financial Position . This section provides an analysis of cash flow, contractual obligations, and
certain other matters affecting our financial position. 

29 

Executive
Overview 

CEA
Industries Inc. is a company focused on selling environmental control and other technologies and services to the Controlled Environment
Agriculture CEA industry. Our principal service and product offerings include: (i) floor plans and architectural design
of cultivation facilities, (ii) licensed mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) engineering of commercial scale environmental control
systems specific to cultivation facilities, (iii) process cooling systems and other climate control systems, (iv) air handling equipment
and systems, (v) LED lighting, (vi) benching and racking solutions for indoor cultivation, (vii) automation and control devices, systems
and technologies used for environmental, lighting and climate control, and (viii) preventative maintenance services for CEA facilities.
Our customers include commercial, state- and provincial-regulated CEA growers in the U.S. and Canada as well as in other international
locations. Customers are those growers building new facilities and those expanding or retrofitting existing facilities, with both ranging
in size from several thousand to more than 100,000 square feet. 

Historically,
our revenue stream is derived primarily from supplying our products, services and technologies to commercial indoor facilities that grow
cannabis, but we have served facilities growing other crops and we intend to pursue such facilities as customers more in the future. 

We
have three core assets that we believe are important to our going-forward business strategy. First, we have multi-year relationships
with customers and others in the CEA industry, notably in the cannabis segment. Second, we have specialized engineering know-how and
experience gathered from designing environmental control systems for CEA cultivation facilities since 2016. Third, we have a line of
proprietary and curated environmental control products. 

Historically,
nearly all of our customers have been in the cannabis cultivation business. We believe our customers engage us for their environmental
and climate control systems because they value our reputation as experts in the industry. We leverage our reputation and know-how against
the many local contractors and MEP engineers who collectively constitute our largest competitors. 

Our
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 11,283,000 compared to approximately 13,639,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021, a decrease of 2,356,000, or 17 . Overall, we had a net loss of approximately 5,497,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to a net loss of approximately 1,338,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4,159,000, or 311 . Our 2022
adjusted net loss was 4,526,000 compared to a 2021 adjusted net loss of 889,000. Our adjusted net income (loss) is our GAAP net income
(loss) after addback for our non-cash equity compensation expenses, debt-related items, goodwill impairment charges, and depreciation
expense. Historically, one of the most significant financial challenges we face is the inconsistent and unpredictable revenue we generate
quarter-over-quarter, and our revenue and cash flow remain difficult to predict. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Business 

The
impact of the government and the business economic response to the COVID-19 pandemic has affected demand across the majority of our markets
and disrupted workflow and completion schedules on projects. The COVID-19 pandemic is expected to have continued adverse effects on our
sales, project implementation, supply chain infrastructure, operating margins, and working capital. 

The
resulting effects and uncertainties from the COVID-19 pandemic, including the depth and duration of the disruptions to customers and
suppliers, its future effect on our business, on our results of operations, and on our financial condition, cannot be predicted. We expect
that the economic disruptions will continue to have an effect on our business over the longer term. Despite this uncertainty, we continue
to monitor costs and continue to take actions to reduce costs in order to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to the best of
our ability. However, these actions may not be sufficient in the long run to avoid reduced sales, increased losses, and reduced operating
cash flows in our business. During the year, the Company experienced significant delays in the receipt of equipment it had ordered to
meet its customer orders due to disruption and delays in its supply chain arising from the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Consequently, our revenue recognition of these customer sales has been delayed until future periods when the shipment of these orders
can be completed. 

30 

Impact
of Ukrainian Conflict 

Currently,
we believe that the conflict between Ukraine and Russia does not have any direct impact on our operations, financial condition, or financial
reporting. We believe the conflict will have only a general impact on our operations in the same manner as it is having a general impact
on all businesses that have their operations limited to North America resulting from international sanction and embargo regulations,
possible shortages of goods and goods incorporating parts that may be supplied from the Ukraine or Russia, supply chain challenges, and
the international and US domestic inflationary results of the conflict and government spending for and funding of our country s
response. As our operations are related only to the North American controlled agricultural industry, largely within the cannabis space,
we do not believe we will be targeted for cyber-attacks related to this conflict. We have no operations in the countries directly involved
in the conflict or are specifically impacted by any of the sanctions and embargoes, as we principally operate in the United States and
Canada. We do not believe that the conflict will have any impact on our internal control over financial reporting. Other than general
securities market trends, we do not have reason to believe that investors will evaluate the company as having special risks or exposures
related to the Ukrainian conflict. 

Revenue .
Our 2022 revenue was approximately 11,283,000. Our 2022 revenue represents a decrease of 17 compared to 2021. Included in our 2022
revenue were two projects with one of our MFO customers which accounted for 54 of our total revenue. We believe, among other things,
that we need to build a diversified sales pipeline of MFOs, which we believe will increase our consistency and predictability of revenue. 

Gross
Margin . Our 2022 gross margin was 10.1 , a decrease from 21.5 in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to lower revenue,
an increase in our fixed cost base, and an increase in our variable costs as a percent of revenue including lower margins on equipment
sales as described in Results of Operations below. 

Profitability .
Our 2022 adjusted net loss was approximately 4,526,000 compared to a 2021 adjusted net loss of approximately 889,000. Our adjusted
net income (loss) is a key management metric for us because it provides a proxy for the cash we generate from operations. 

Capital
Resources. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic presented major challenges for the Company in both 2020 and 2021. We continue
to experience business disruptions in a post-COVID environment, in the form of softening demand in the markets we serve, continued supply
chain delays, inflation, and a broader macroeconomic slowdown. All of these challenges remain a source of further uncertainty to our
business, and as discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, we have taken steps during 2022 to focus on the Company s core strategy
and reduce our operating costs and general and administrative expenses to manage these challenges. More recently, in February 2023, we
have taken steps to reduce our cost structure to better reflect the activity levels we are observing in the industry (as further described
in Note 16 Subsequent Events). We believe these steps are necessary to protect our liquidity and our current cash balance, and we will
continue to monitor this as we move through the year. 

Nonetheless,
there remain risks and uncertainties regarding our ability to grow revenue and generate sufficient revenues and cash flows. And there
can be no assurances that we will be able to raise future capital on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

Contract
Bookings. Our bookings decreased in 2022, and our backlog at December 31, 2022, was 5,577,000, a decrease of 5,241,000,
or 48 , from our December 31, 2021 backlog. During 2022, we had net bookings of 6,042,000, consisting of: (i) 8,962,000 of new sales
contracts executed in 2022, (ii) 197,000 net positive changes orders, and (iii) 3,117,000 in project cancellations. 

The
following table sets forth: (i) our beginning backlog (the remaining contract value of outstanding sales contracts for which we have
received an initial deposit as of the previous period), (ii) our net bookings for the period (new sales contracts executed during the
period for which we received an initial deposit, net of any adjustments including cancellations and change orders during the period),
(iii) our recognized revenue for the period, and (iv) our ending backlog for the period (the sum of the beginning backlog and net bookings,
less recognized revenue). Based on the current economic climate and our cost cutting measures, there is no assurance that we will be
able to continue to obtain the level of bookings that we have had in the past and or fulfill our current backlog, and we may experience
contract cancellations, project scope reductions and project delays. 

For the quarter ended 

December 31, 
 2021 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 June 30, 
 2022 
 September 30, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Backlog, beginning balance 
 9,881,000 
 10,818,000 
 11,179,000 
 9,698,000 
 6,832,000 
 
 Net bookings, current period 
 3,993,000 
 2,105,000 
 1,534,000 
 2,197,000 
 206,000 
 
 Recognized revenue, current period 
 3,056,000 
 1,744,000 
 3,015,000 
 5,063,000 
 1,461,000 
 
 Backlog, ending balance 
 10,818,000 
 11,179,000 
 9,698,000 
 6,832,000 
 5,577,000 

31 

The
completion of a customer s new build facility project is dependent upon the customer s ability to secure funding and
real estate, obtain a license and then build their cultivation facility so they can take possession of the equipment. Accordingly, the
time it takes for these customers to complete a new build project, which corresponds to when we are able to recognize revenue, is driven
by numerous factors including: (i) the large number of first-time participants interested in the indoor cannabis cultivation business;
(ii) the complexities and uncertainties involved in obtaining state and local licensure and permitting; (iii) local and state government
delays in approving licenses and permits due to lack of staff or the large number of pending applications, especially in states where
there is no cap on the number of cultivators; (iv) the customer s need to obtain cultivation facility financing; (v) the time needed,
and coordination required, for our customers to acquire real estate and properly design and build the facility (to the stage when climate
control systems can be installed); (vi) the large price tag and technical complexities of the climate control and air sanitation systems;
(vii) the availability of power; and (viii) delays that are typical in completing any construction project. 

We
have provided an estimate in our consolidated financial statements of when we expect to recognize revenue on our remaining performance
obligations (i.e., our Q4 2022 backlog), using separate time bands, with respect to engineering only paid contracts and partial equipment
paid contracts. However, there continues to be significant uncertainty regarding the timing of our recognition of revenue in our Q4 2022
backlog. Refer to the Revenue Recognition section of Note 2 in our consolidated financial statements, included as part of this
Annual Report for additional information on our estimate of future revenue recognition on our remaining performance obligations. 

Our
backlog, remaining performance obligations and net bookings may not be indicative of future operating results, and our customers may
attempt to renegotiate or terminate their contracts for a number of reasons, including delays in, or inability to, obtain project financing
or licensing or abandonment of the project entirely. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that contracts included in backlog or remaining
performance obligations will actually generate revenues or when the actual revenues will be generated. Net bookings and backlog are considered
non-GAAP financial measures, and therefore, they should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, our GAAP measures
for recognized revenue, deferred revenue and remaining performance obligations. Further, we can provide no assurance as to the profitability
of our contracts reflected in remaining performance obligations, backlog and net bookings. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Certain accounting policies
are particularly important to the understanding of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant
judgment by our management or can be materially affected by changes from period to period in economic factors or conditions that are
outside of our control. As a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. In applying these policies, management uses
its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Those estimates are based
on our historical operations, our future business plans and projected financial results, the terms of existing contracts, observance
of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. For information regarding our critical accounting policies as well as recent
accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. 

Our
management has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the Board of Directors and the Board of
Directors has reviewed our disclosure relating to critical accounting estimates in this Annual Report. We believe the following are the
more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Allowance
for accounts receivable . Accounts receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount or based on revenue earned for items not yet invoiced,
and generally do not bear interest. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established, as necessary, based on past experience and other
factors, which, in management s judgment, deserve current recognition in estimating bad debts. Based on its review, we establish
or adjust the allowance for specific customers and the accounts receivable portfolio as a whole. As of December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021, the allowance for doubtful accounts was 127,233 and 181,942, respectively. If the financial condition of our customers were
to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 

32 

Excess
and obsolete inventory . Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The inventory is valued based on a first-in,
first-out FIFO basis. Lower of cost or net realizable value is evaluated by considering obsolescence, excessive levels
of inventory, deterioration and other factors. Adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value, if required,
are made for estimated excess, obsolescence or impaired inventory. Excess and obsolete inventory is charged to cost of revenue and a
new lower-cost basis for that inventory is established; subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration
or increase in that newly established cost basis. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the allowance for excess and obsolete
inventory was 70,907 and 91,379, respectively. 

Goodwill
impairment . Goodwill, defined as unidentified asset(s) acquired in conjunction with a business acquisition, is tested for impairment
on an annual basis and between annual tests whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. 

The
Company recorded goodwill in connection with its acquisition of Hydro Innovations, LLC in July 2014. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment
annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that fair value of the reporting unit has been reduced to
less than its carrying value. The Company performs a quantitative impairment test annually on December 31 by comparing the fair value
of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The Company s fair value is calculated using a market valuation
technique whereby an appropriate control premium is applied to the Company s market capitalization as calculated by applying its
publicly quoted share price to the number of its common shares issued and outstanding. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds
its carrying amount, goodwill is considered not impaired. An impairment charge would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying
amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. The Company determined that it has one reporting unit. 

As
of June 30, 2022, the Company experienced a triggering event due to a drop in its stock price and performed a quantitative analysis for
potential impairment of its goodwill. As of June 30, 2022, the Company performed a quantitative analysis for potential impairment of
its goodwill, by comparing the Company s fair value to its carrying value as of June 30, 2022. Based on this analysis, the Company
determined that its carrying value exceeded its fair value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of
 631,064 at June 30, 2022. No income tax benefit related to this goodwill impairment charge was recorded at June 30, 2022. 

Product
warranty . We warrant the products that we manufacture for a warranty period equal to the lesser of 12 months from start-up or 18
months from shipment. Our warranty provides for the repair, rework, or replacement of products (at our option) that fail to perform within
stated specification. Our third-party suppliers also warrant their products under similar terms, which are passed through to our customers.
We assess the historical warranty claims on our manufactured products and, since 2016, warranty claims have been approximately 1 of
annual revenue generated on these products. We continue to assess the need to record a warranty reserve at the time of sale based on
historical claims and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had an accrued warranty reserve amount of 180,457
and 186,605, respectively, which are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 

Income
taxes. We account for deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future consequences of events that have been recognized in our
consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Measurement of the deferred items is based on enacted tax laws. In the event the future
consequences of differences between financial reporting bases and tax bases of our assets and liabilities result in a deferred tax asset,
we perform an evaluation of the probability of being able to realize the future benefits indicated by such asset. A valuation allowance
related to a net deferred tax asset is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax asset
will not be realized. Management s judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and
liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against the net deferred tax assets. We recorded a full valuation allowance as of December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. Based on the available evidence, we believe it is more likely than not that we will be unable to utilize
our net deferred tax assets in the foreseeable future. We intend to maintain valuation allowances until sufficient evidence exists to
support the reversal of such valuation allowances. We make estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on
assumptions that are consistent with our plans. Should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the carrying value of our deferred
tax assets could be materially impacted. 

33 

Share-based
compensation . We recognize the cost resulting from all share-based compensation arrangements, including stock options, restricted
stock awards and restricted stock units that we grant under our equity incentive plan in our consolidated financial statements based
on their grant date fair value. The expense is recognized over the requisite service period or performance period of the award. The service
inception date is typically the grant date, but the service inception date may be prior to the grant date. Awards with a graded vesting
period based on service are expensed on a straight-line basis for the entire award. Awards with performance-based vesting conditions
which require the achievement of a specific company financial performance goal at the end of the performance period and required service
period are recognized over the performance period. Each reporting period, we reassess the probability of achieving the respective performance
goal. If the goals are not expected to be met, no compensation cost is recognized, and any previously recognized amount recorded is reversed.
If the award contains market-based vesting conditions, the compensation cost is based on the grant date fair value and expected achievement
of market condition and is not subsequently reversed if it is later determined that the condition is not likely to be met or is expected
to be lower than initially expected. The grant date fair value of stock options is based on the Black-Scholes Model. The Black-Scholes
Model requires judgmental assumptions including volatility and expected term, both based on historical experience. The risk-free interest
rate is based on U.S. Treasury interest rates whose term is consistent with the expected term of the option. 

Allocation
of transaction price; standalone selling price . A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation
and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. When there are multiple performance obligations within
a contract, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on standalone selling price. When estimating the selling
price, we use various observable inputs. The best observable input is our actual selling price for the same good or service. For engineering
services, we estimate the standalone selling price by reference to certain physical characteristics of the project, such as facility
size and mechanical systems involved, which are indicative of the scope and complexity of the mechanical engineering services to be provided.
For equipment sales, the standalone selling price is determined by forecasting the expected costs of the equipment and then adding an
appropriate margin, based on a range of acceptable margins established by management. Depending on the nature of the performance obligations,
we may use a combination of different methods and observable inputs if certain performance obligations have highly variable or uncertain
standalone selling prices. Once the selling prices are determined, we apply the relative values to the total contract consideration and
estimates the amount of the transaction price to be recognized as each performance obligation is fulfilled. 

Remaining
performance obligations. The revenue standard requires certain quantitative and qualitative disclosures about our remaining performance
obligations, which are defined as performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as of the end of the reporting
period, including (i) the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations, and (ii) when
we expect to recognize as revenue with respect to such amounts on either: (x) a quantitative basis using appropriate time bands for the
duration of the remaining performance obligations, or (y) by using qualitative information. Industry uncertainty, project financing concerns,
and the licensing and qualification of our prospective customers, which are out of our control, make it difficult for us to predict when
we will recognize revenue on our remaining performance obligations. There are risks that we may not realize the full contract value on
customer projects in a timely manner or at all, and completion of a customer s cultivation facility project is dependent upon the
customer s ability to secure funding and real estate, obtain a license and then build their cultivation facility so they can take
possession of the equipment. Accordingly, the time it takes for customers to complete a project, which corresponds to when we are able
to recognize revenue, is driven by numerous factors including: (i) the large number of first-time participants interested in the indoor
cannabis cultivation business; (ii) the complexities and uncertainties involved in obtaining state and local licensure and permitting;
(iii) local and state government delays in approving licenses and permits due to lack of staff or the large number of pending applications,
especially in states where there is no cap on the number of cultivators; (iv) the customer s need to obtain cultivation facility
financing; (v) the time needed, and coordination required, for our customers to acquire real estate and properly design and build the
facility (to the stage when climate control systems can be installed); (vi) the significant price and technical complexities of the climate
control and air sanitation system; (vii) the availability of power; and (viii) delays that are typical in completing any construction
project. Further, based on the current economic climate, and the Company s recent cost cutting measures, there is no assurance
that the Company will be able to fulfill its backlog, and the Company may experience contract cancellations, project scope reductions
and project delays. 

There
is significant uncertainty regarding the timing of our recognition on all remaining performance obligations as of December 31, 2022.
Customer contracts for which we have only received an initial advance payment to cover the allocated value of our engineering services engineering only paid contracts carry enhanced risks that the equipment portion of these contracts will not be completed
or will be delayed, which could occur if the customer is dissatisfied with the quality or timeliness of our engineering services or there
is a delay or abandonment of the project due to the customer s inability to obtain project financing or licensing. In contrast,
after the customer has made an advance payment for a portion of the equipment to be delivered under the contract partial equipment
paid contracts ), we are typically better able to estimate the timing of revenue recognition since the risks and delays associated
with licensing, permitting and project funding are typically mitigated once the initial equipment payment is received. 

34 

Commitments
and contingencies . In the normal course of business, we are subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising
out of our business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, customer disputes, government investigations and tax
matters. An accrual for a loss contingency is recognized when it is probable that an asset has been impaired, or a liability has been
incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues
and Cost of Goods Sold 

Revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 11,283,000 compared to 13,639,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 2,356,000,
or 17 . This revenue decrease was partly the result of our decreased net bookings in 2022 which dropped from 16,009,000 in 2021 to 6,042,000
in 2022, or 62 . Additionally, we experienced delays with our international supply of products and shipments from vendors which delayed
contract fulfillment and revenue. Our revenue conversion is largely dependent on customer-centric factors outside of our control such
as industry uncertainty, project financing concerns, the licensing and qualification of our prospective customers, and other reasons
such as a challenging business climate including an overall post-COVID-19 economic downturn, which makes it difficult for us to predict
when we will recognize revenue on our backlog. 

Cost
of revenue decreased by 575,000 from 10,713,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 10,138,000 for the year ended December 31,
2022. The factors impacting this change are discussed below. 

The
gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,145,000 compared to 2,926,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit
margin decreased by 11.4 percentage points from 21.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 10.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022.
This decrease was primarily due to an increase in our fixed cost base and higher variable costs as a percent of revenue. 

Our
revenue cost structure is comprised of both fixed and variable components. The fixed cost component represents engineering, manufacturing
and project management salaries and benefits and manufacturing overhead that totaled 1,572,000, or 13.9 of total revenue, for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,342,000, or 9.8 of total revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 230,000
was primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits (including stock-based compensation) of 249,000, offset by a decrease of 19,000
in fixed overhead. The variable cost component, which represents our cost of equipment, outside engineering costs, shipping and handling,
travel and warranty costs, totaled 8,567,000, or 75.9 of total revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9,371,000,
or 68.7 of total revenue, in the year ended December 31, 2021. In the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, our
cost of equipment decreased by 1,077,000 primarily due to the decrease in revenue, offset by a minor increase in our equipment margin
of 3.8 percentage points. Additionally in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: (i) our travel
costs increased by 161,000 (ii) our warranty expense increased by 122,000, (iii) excess and obsolete inventory expense increased by
 75,000, and (iv) other variable costs were 60,000 higher. These increases were offset by (i) a reduction of 103,000 in outside engineering
costs and (ii) a decrease in shipping and handling of 42,000. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses increased by 40 from 4,905,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6,869,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an
increase of 1,964,000. The operating expense increase consisted of: (i) an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses SG A expenses of 1,097,000, (ii) a goodwill impairment charge of 631,000, (iii) an increase in advertising and
marketing expenses of 386,000 offset by, (iii) a decrease in product development expenses of 150,000. 

35 

The
increase in SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was due primarily to:
(i) an increase of 671,000 in salaries, benefits (including equity-based compensation) and other employee related costs, (ii) an increase
of 251,000 for insurance, (iii) an increase in accounting and other professional fees of 177,000, (iv) an increase in board fees of
 95,000, (v) an increase of 69,000 for travel expenses, (vi) an increase in bad debt of 67,000, (vii) an increase in investor relations
expenses of 61,000, offset by, (viii) a decrease of 115,000 for commissions, (ix) a decrease of 94,000 for depreciation and loss on
disposal of fixed assets, and (x) a decrease of 85,000 for business taxes, licenses and other office expenses . 

The
increase in advertising and marketing expenses was due primarily to: (i) an increase in salaries and benefits (including equity-based
compensation) of 197,000, (ii) an increase of 111,000 for advertising and promotion, web development and other marketing expenses,
(iii) an increase in expenses for industry trade shows and events of 59,000, (iv) an increase of 19,000 for outside marketing services. 

The
decrease in product development costs was primarily due to (i) a decrease in material costs of 130,000, (ii) a decrease in salaries
and benefits (including equity-based compensation) of 88,000 offset by, (iii) an increase in consulting of 56,000 and, (iv) an increase
in travel of 12,000. 

Operating
Loss 

We
had an operating loss of 5,724,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to an operating loss of 1,979,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3,745,000, or 189 . The operating loss included 631,000 for a goodwill impairment charge, 314,000
of non-cash, stock-based compensation expenses and 26,000 for depreciation and amortization in the year ended December 31, 2022, as
compared to 324,000 for stock-based compensation and 58,000 of depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Excluding these non-cash items, our adjusted operating loss increased by 3,156,000. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Our
other income (net) decreased by 414,000 from 641,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 227,000 for the year ended December
31, 2022. The other income for 2022 primarily consisted of (i) 185,000 from an insurance settlement, and (ii) 35,000 for interest on
a money market account. The other income for 2021 primarily consisted of (i) 517,000 for loan forgiveness, (ii) 138,000 for ERC credits,
(iii) 66,000 in rental income from the sub-lease of a portion of our previous facility, (iv) a 16,000 gain on lease termination, (v)
a 13,000 gain from a contract cancellation from 2018, offset by (vi) expense for a legal settlement of 107,000. 

Net
Loss 

Overall,
we had a net loss of 5,497,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of 1,338,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 4,159,000. The net loss included 631,000 for a goodwill impairment charge, 314,000 of non-cash, stock-based
compensation costs and depreciation and amortization expense of 26,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to non-cash,
stock-based compensation expense of 391,000 and depreciation and amortization of 58,000 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding
these non-cash items, our adjusted net loss increased by 3,637,000. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Financial Position 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 18,637,000, compared to cash and cash equivalents of 2,160,000 as of December
31, 2021. The increase in cash and cash equivalents during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of cash proceeds
from the sale of common stock and warrants of 21,711,000, offset by the redemption of series B preferred stock and interest expense
of 2,016,000, and cash used in operations of 3,190,000. Our cash is held in bank depository accounts in certain financial institutions.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we held deposits in financial institutions that exceeded the federally insured amount. 

On
February 15, 2022, we received the net proceeds from the offering of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock in
the amount of 21,711,000. 

36 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts) of 3,000, inventory (net of excess and obsolete
allowance) of 348,000, and prepaid expenses and other of 1,490,000 (including 1,176,000 in advance payments on inventory purchases).
While we typically require advance payment before we commence engineering services or ship equipment to our customers, we have made exceptions
requiring us to record accounts receivable, which carry a risk of non-collectability, especially since most of our customers are funded
on an as-needed basis to complete facility construction. We expect this exposure to accounts receivable risk to increase as we pursue
larger projects. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no indebtedness, total accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 1,207,000, deferred revenue of 4,339,000,
accrued equity compensation of 90,000, and the current portion of operating lease liability of 118,000. As of December 31, 2022, we
had working capital of 14,724,000, compared to a working capital deficit of 415,000 as of December 31, 2021. 

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. We have
never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Because
of the post-pandemic macro-economic and CEA industry economy that has developed during 2021 and 2022, and is continuing into 2023, we
cannot predict the continuing level of working capital that we will have in the future. Additionally, we cannot predict that our future
financial position will not deteriorate due to cancelled or delayed contract fulfillment, reduced sales and our ability to perform our
contracts. As mentioned elsewhere, we have taken steps to conserve our cash resources by reducing staff and taking other cost cutting
measures. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

The
following summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,190,000 
 (3,207,000 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (28,000 
 (57,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 19,695,000 
 3,139,000 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 16,477,000 
 (125,000 

Operating
Activities 

We
incurred a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 5,497,000 compared to a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 of
 1,338,000. We had an accumulated deficit of 34,279,000 as of December 31, 2022. 

Cash
used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,190,000 compared to cash used in operations of 3,207,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, a decrease in cash usage of 17,000. The decrease was primarily attributable to: (i) an increase in net loss
of 4,159,000, (ii) a decrease in cash used for working capital of 3,428,000 and, (iii) an increase in non-cash operating charges of
 748,000. Significant non-cash items during 2022 included: (i) a goodwill impairment charge of 631,000, (ii) stock-related compensation
of 314,000, and (iii) 103,000 for the amortization on an ROU asset. Significant non-cash items during 2021 included: (i) a gain on
note payable forgiveness of 517,000, (ii) stock-related compensation of 391,000, (iii) amortization on an ROU asset of 205,000, (iv)
 68,000 for loss on disposal of assets, and (iv) depreciation and amortization expense of 65,000. 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28,000, compared to cash used in investing activities of 57,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was related to lower purchases of property and equipment. 

37 

Financing
Activities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash from financing activities was 19,695,000 and 3,139,000, respectively. Cash flows from
financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, was the result of cash proceeds from the sale of common stock and warrants
(net of issuance costs) of 21,711,000, offset by a cash payment of 2,016,000 for the redemption of series B preferred stock, including
related interest. Cash flows from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, was the result of cash proceeds from
the sale of preferred stock and warrant (net of issuance costs) of 2,625,000 and proceeds from a note payable of 514,000. See Note
8 Note Payable and Accrued Interest . 

Common
Stock Equity Offering 

On
February 10, 2022, the Company signed a firm commitment underwriting agreement for the public offering of shares of common stock and
warrants, which closed on February 15, 2022. The Company received net proceeds of approximately 21,711,000 for the sale of 5,811,138
shares of common stock and 6,572,808 warrants, each warrant to purchase one share of common stock for five years, exercisable immediately,
at an exercise price of 5.00. The Company also issued to the representative of the underwriters 290,557 warrants, each warrant to purchase
one share of common stock at an exercise price of 5.16, during the period commencing August 9, 2022, and expiring on February 10, 2027. 

The
net proceeds from the offering will be used to advance the Company s organic growth and new product initiatives, to pursue select
acquisitions, and for general corporate and working capital purposes. In connection with this offering, we received approval to list
our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CEAD and our warrants under the symbol CEADW .
As a result, effective February 10, 2022, trading of both shares of the Company s common stock and certain of the Company s
warrants commenced on the Nasdaq. 

Capital
Raising 

Since
inception, we have incurred significant operating losses and have funded our operations primarily through issuances of equity securities,
debt, and operating revenue. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 34,279,000, working capital of 14,724,000, and
stockholders equity of 14,895,000. 

Inflation 

Recently,
our operations have started to be influenced by the inflation existent in the larger economy and in the industries related to building
renovations, retrofitting and new build facilities in which we operate. We are likely to continue to face inflationary increases on the
cost of products and our operations, which may adversely affect our margins and financial results and the pricing of our service and
product supply contracts. Inflation is reflected in higher wages, increased pricing of equipment and other products that we have contracted
to provide to our customers, and generally higher prices across all sectors of the economy. As we move forward, we plan to continuously
monitor our various contract terms and may decide to add clauses that will permit us to adjust pricing if inflation and price increase
pressures on us will impact our ability to perform our contracts and maintain our margins. 

Contractual
Payment Obligations 

Refer
to Note 3 Leases of our consolidated financial statements, which are included as part of this Annual Report for further
details on our obligations under a lease for our manufacturing and office space. 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

Litigation 

From
time to time, in the normal course of our operations, we are subject to litigation matters and claims. Litigation can be expensive and
disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict, and our view of
these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter,
if material, could have an adverse effect on our operations or our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

38 

Other
Commitments 

In
the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, business
partners, and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such
agreements, services to be provided by us, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, we have
entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers and employees that will require us to, among other
things, indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers, or employees.
We maintain director and officer insurance, which may cover certain liabilities arising from our obligation to indemnify our directors
and certain of our officers and employees, and former officers, directors, and employees of acquired companies, in certain circumstances. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
are required to disclose any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on
our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures,
or capital resources that are material to investors. As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. During 2022 and
2021, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities. 

Recent
Developments 

Refer
to Note 16 - Subsequent Events of our consolidated financial statements, included as part of this Annual Report, for the more
significant events occurring since December 31, 2022. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, therefore are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
consolidated financial statements are included herein, beginning on page F-1. The information required by this item is incorporated herein
by reference to the consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
of this Annual Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

See
Item 14. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer concluded that as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for the preparation of our financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that
the financial statements present fairly, in material respects, our financial position and results of operations in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act. These
internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures
are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently,
an effective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. 

39 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts and expenditures
of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on
our financial statements. 

Under
the supervision of management, by our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO published in 2013 and subsequent
guidance prepared by COSO specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, for the reasons discussed below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

Management
identified the following material weakness in its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022: 

The
Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because: (i) we lack a sufficient
complement of personnel with a level of accounting expertise and an adequate supervisory review structure that is commensurate with our
financial reporting requirements, (ii) there is inadequate segregation of duties due to our limited number of accounting personnel, and
(iii) we have insufficient controls and processes in place to adequately verify the accuracy and completeness of spreadsheets that we
use for a variety of purposes including revenue, taxes, stock-based compensation and other areas, and place significant reliance on,
for our financial reporting. 

We
intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies. We are committed
to taking steps to improve our financial organization including, without limitation, evaluating our accounting staff requirements and
improving our systems and controls to reduce our reliance on the manual nature of our existing systems. However, due to our size and
our financial resources, remediating the several identified weaknesses has not always been possible and may not be economically feasible
now or in the future. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must
be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. 

The
material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, remained unchanged from December 31, 2021.
Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial reporting for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are
committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. We do not,
however, expect that the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls will be remediated until such time as we have improved our internal
control over financial reporting. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes identified in connection with our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022,
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

40 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information
about our Directors 

The
Company s current directors are set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 Committees 
 
 Anthony
 K. McDonald 
 
 64 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board; Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 James
 R. Shipley 
 
 66 
 
 Director;
 Compensation Committee Chair; Audit Committee Member 
 
 Nicholas
 J. Etten 
 
 53 
 
 Director;
 Nominating Committee Chair; Audit Committee Member 
 
 Troy
 L. Reisner 
 
 55 
 
 Director;
 Audit Committee Chair; Compensation Committee Member 
 
 Marion
 Mariathasan 
 
 48 
 
 Director;
 Nominating Committee Member 

Certain
information with respect to the Company s current directors is set forth below. The business address of each of the directors is
385 South Pierce Avenue, Suite C, Louisville, Colorado 80027. 

Name
 and Year First Elected Director 
 
 Background
 Information and Principal Occupation(s) During Past Five Years and Beyond 

Anthony
 K. McDonald (2018) 
 
 Mr.
 McDonald was appointed a director on September 12, 2018. On November 28, 2018, Mr. McDonald was appointed our Chief Executive Officer
 and President. On June 24, 2020, Mr. McDonald was appointed Chairman of the Board. Mr. McDonald has been involved in building businesses
 in the cleantech, energy efficiency and heating, ventilation and air conditioning HVACD industries over the past
 10 years. From 2008 to 2018, Mr. McDonald led sales and business development as Vice-President Sales for Coolerado Corp., a
 manufacturer and marketer of innovative, energy-efficient air conditioning systems for commercial, government, and military use.
 Along with Coolerado s CEO, Mr. McDonald was instrumental in growing the business to become an INC. 600 high-growth company
 award winner and assisted in raising 15 million of private funding from a cleantech investment fund. In 2015, Coolerado was acquired
 by Seeley International, Australia s largest air conditioning manufacturer and an innovative global leader in the design and
 production of energy-efficient cooling and heating products, where Mr. McDonald served as National Account Manager. He is also the
 founder and Managing Partner of Cleantechsell.com and the author of Cleantech Sell: The Essential Guide To Selling Resource Efficient
 Products In The B2B Market. 
 
 Prior
 to joining Coolerado, Mr. McDonald spent over ten years in the private equity industry where he was involved in numerous transactions
 in the technology, manufacturing, and power development industries. As a business development officer at several private equity acquisitions
 groups Mr. McDonald identified, financed, or acquired numerous transactions with total enterprise value in excess of 200 million. 
 
 Mr.
 McDonald was also a consultant to international banks with KMPG from 1994 to 1997 and served as a director for Keating Capital, Inc.,
 a publicly traded business development company that made investments in pre-IPO companies. He previously served as a mentor for companies
 in the Clean Tech Open competition. 
 
 Mr.
 McDonald is a U.S. Army veteran and a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y. where he earned a B.S. degree in
 Engineering and Economics. He also received an M.B.A. degree from the Harvard Business School. 
 
 Among
 the reasons for Mr. McDonald to be selected for service on the Board is his experience in sales, sales and operations management,
 mergers and acquisitions, the HVACD industry, his in-depth knowledge of climate control systems and technologies. 

41 

James
 R. Shipley (2020) 
 
 Mr.
 Shipley was appointed a director on June 24, 2020. Mr. Shipley recently retired from AgTech Holdings where he was the Chief Strategy
 Officer of GroAdvisor and the Vice-President of Sales at VividGro since 2017. Since 2017, Mr. Shipley has assisted in design and
 build consulting along with supply chain management for cultivation operations in 12 states covering more than 500,000 square feet
 of warehouse indoor cultivation and continues to consult independently with operators in North America. From 2014 to 2017 Mr. Shipley,
 acting in several executive roles, helped build multiple business lines for MJIC Inc. (now CNSX: MSVN); these roles included being
 a member of the board of directors, Chairman and President. Mr. Shipley is currently president and a principal in RSX Enterprises
 Inc., a sales agency and marketing firm that sells and markets equipment for use in controlled environment agriculture on behalf
 of various manufacturers. Mr. Shipley has been active in the cannabis business, where he has founded various summits such as the
 Marijuana Investor Summit and been involved in many educational workshops and business expos. Previously, Mr. Shipley was an officer
 and chief revenue officer with Carrier Access Corporation (CACS), a public company trading on Nasdaq. Prior to Carrier Access, Mr.
 Shipley worked at Williams Companies in their telecommunications divisions. 
 
 Mr.
 Shipley was selected for service on the Board because of his experience in and commitment to the cannabis industry, his demonstrated
 and consistent record of success as an executive and entrepreneur, and his extensive network of contacts in the cannabis industry. 

Nicholas
 J. Etten (2020) 
 
 Mr.
 Etten was appointed a director on June 24, 2020. Mr. Etten joined Acreage Holdings in 2018 where he served as the Head of Government
 Affairs until 2021. Acreage is a vertically integrated, multi-state operator of cannabis licenses and assets in the U.S. In 2017
 he founded the Veterans Cannabis Project where he continues to serve as Chairman. Veterans Cannabis Project (VCP) is an organization
 dedicated to advocating on behalf of cannabis access issues for U.S. military veterans. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Etten set aside his
 career to provide care for his seriously ill son. Mr. Etten s career has been focused on the growth equity market, and prior
 to Acreage, he held positions including Vice President of Global Business Development for FreightWatch International, and Director
 of Corporate Development for Triple Canopy. Mr. Etten was an investment professional at Trident Capital, where he focused on the
 cyber-security space, and an investment banker at Thomas Weisel Partners. Mr. Etten served on active duty as a U.S. Navy SEAL officer.
 He earned an MBA from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University, and a BS in political science from
 the United States Naval Academy. 
 
 Mr.
 Etten was selected for service on the Board because of his experience in and commitment to the cannabis industry, his experience
 with multi-site cannabis operators, his demonstrated and consistent record of success as an executive, and his extensive network
 of contacts in the cannabis industry and investment banking world. 

42 

Troy
 L. Reisner (2022) 

Troy
 Reisner was appointed as a director on January 17, 2022. Mr. Reisner is currently the Chief Financial Officer at Keystone Tower Systems,
 Inc., headquartered in Denver, Colorado where he leads the finance and accounting functions, including raising capital and corporate
 governance matters, and serves as an executive team member. Prior to joining Keystone, Troy was a partner with the public accounting
 firm of Deloitte Touche LLP until his retirement. Troy brings significant cumulative knowledge and expertise in accounting
 auditing, including PCAOB auditing standards, M A transactions, financial due diligence, financial reporting, including
 expertise in SEC rules, regulations reporting, internal controls over financial reporting, and capital market and corporate
 governance experience and expertise. 
 
 He
 earned a B.S. degree in Accounting from Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville and practiced as a Certified Public Accountant
 for over 30 years and is licensed (inactive) as a CPA in the State of Missouri. 
 
 Mr.
 Reisner was selected for service on the Board because of his long experience in the accounting industry and his experience working
 with public companies. 

Marion
 Mariathasan (2022) 

Marion
 Mariathasan was appointed as a director on January 17, 2022. Mr. Mariathasan is the CEO and Co-Founder of Simplifya, the cannabis
 industry s leading regulatory and operational compliance software platform. The company s suite of products takes the
 guesswork out of confusing and continually changing state and local regulations. Featuring SOPs, badge tracking, document storage,
 tailored reporting and employee accountability features, the company s Custom Audit software reduces the time clients spend
 on compliance by up to 45 percent. 
 
 Mr.
 Mariathasan is also a serial entrepreneur who has founded or advised numerous startups. He is currently an investor in 22 domestic
 and international companies that range from cannabis companies to dating apps - four of which he serves as a board member. 
 
 Mr.
 Mariathasan studied Architecture and Computer Science at the University of Kansas and Computer Information Systems with a minor in
 Business Management from Emporia State University. Marion is a regular guest speaker at events such as Denver Start-Up Week, Colorado
 University s program on social entrepreneurship, various universities on the topic of entrepreneurship and the United Nations
 Global Accelerator Initiative. 
 
 Mr.
 Mariathasan was selected for service on the Board because of his experience in and commitment to the cannabis industry, his demonstrated
 and consistent record of success as an executive and entrepreneur, and his extensive network of contacts in the cannabis industry. 

Each
of the directors on our Board of Directors was elected or appointed because he has demonstrated an ability to make meaningful contributions
to our business and affairs and has skills, experience and background that are complementary to those of our other Board members. 

Director
Independence 

The
Nasdaq marketplace rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and
nominations committees be independent, or, if a listed company has no nominations committee, that director nominees be selected or recommended
for the board s selection by independent directors constituting a majority of the board s independent directors. The Nasdaq
marketplace rules further require that audit committee members satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange
Act and that compensation committee members satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. 

Our
Board has affirmatively determined that each of Messrs. Shipley, Etten, Mariathasan, and Reisner qualify as an independent director,
as defined under the applicable corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. 

43 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Board has established an Audit Committee, which as of the date of this report consists of three independent directors, Mr. Reisner (Chairman),
Mr. Shipley and Mr. Etten. The committee s primary responsibilities include recommending the selection of our independent registered
public accounting firm; evaluating the appointment, compensation and retention of our registered public accounting firm; receiving formal
written statements from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding its independence, including a delineation of all
relationships between it and the Company; reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and results
of their audit of our financial statements; pre-approving the fees for services performed; reviewing with the independent registered
public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems; reviewing our annual financial statements and periodic filings, and
receiving our audit reports and financial statements. The Audit Committee also considers the effect on the Company of any changes in
accounting principles or practices proposed by management or the independent registered public accounting firm, any changes in service
providers, such as the accountants, that could impact the Company s internal control over financial reporting, and any changes
in schedules (such as fiscal or tax year-end changes) or structures or transactions that required special accounting activities, services
or resources. The Audit Committee annually will conduct an enterprise fraud risk assessment, and generally will oversee the enterprise
risk assessment and management process framework to insure monitoring for identification, assessment and mitigation of all significant
enterprise risk. The Audit Committee will oversee compliance with the code of ethics of the Company and assess waivers of the code. At
least annually, the Audit Committee will review and approve all related party transactions that are required to be disclosed publicly
in the Company SEC reports. 

The
Committee may act in reliance on management, the Company s independent auditors, internal auditors, and advisors and experts, as
it deems necessary or appropriate. The Committee has the power, in its discretion, to conduct any investigation it deems necessary or
appropriate to enable it to carry out its duties. 

The
Board has determined that each of our Audit Committee members are independent of management and free of any relationships that, in the
opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment and are independent, as that term is defined under the
enhanced independence standards for audit committee members in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. 

The
Board has determined that Mr. Reisner is an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in the rules promulgated
by the SEC pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2012. The Board has further determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee
shall be financially literate and that at least one member of the committee has accounting or related financial management expertise,
as such terms are interpreted by the Board in its business judgment. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Board has established a Compensation Committee, which as of the date of this report consists of two independent directors, Mr. Shipley
(Chairman), and Mr. Reisner. The committee s primary responsibilities include approving corporate goals and objectives relevant
to executive officer compensation and evaluate executive officer performance in light of those goals and objectives, determining and
approving executive officer compensation, including base salary and incentive awards, making recommendations to the Board regarding compensation
plans, and administering our stock plan. 

Our
Compensation Committee determines and approves all elements of executive officer compensation. It also provides recommendations to the
Board with respect to non-employee director compensation. The Compensation Committee may not delegate its authority to any other person,
other than to a subcommittee. 

The
Company compensation policies for executive officers has two fundamental objectives: (i) to provide a competitive total compensation
package that enables the Company to attract and retain highly qualified executives with the skills and experience required for the achievement
of business goals; and (ii) to align certain compensation elements with the Company s annual performance goals. With respect to
each of the Company s executive officers, the total compensation that may be awarded, including base salary, discretionary cash
bonuses, annual stock incentive awards, stock options, restricted stock units and other equity awards, and other benefits and perquisites
will be evaluated by the committee. Under certain circumstances, the committee may also award compensation payable upon termination of
the executive officer under an employment agreement or severance agreement (if applicable). The Board recognizes that its overall goal
is to award compensation that is reasonable when all elements of potential compensation are considered. The committee believes that cash
compensation in the form of base salary and discretionary cash bonuses provides our executives with short-term rewards for success in
operations, and that long-term compensation through the award of stock options, restricted stock units and other equity awards aligns
the objectives of management with those of our stockholders with respect to long-term performance and success. The Board also has historically
focused on the Company s financial condition when making compensation decisions and approving performance objectives and compensation
has been weighted more heavily toward equity-based compensation. The committee will continue to periodically reassess the appropriate
weighting of cash and equity compensation in light of the Company s expenditures in connection with commercial operations and its
cash resources and working capital needs. 

44 

Nominating
Committee 

Our
Board has established a Nominating Committee, which as of the date of this report consists of two independent directors, Mr. Etten (Chairman),
and Mr. Mariathasan. The committee s primary responsibilities include identifying individuals qualified to serve on the Board as
directors and on committees of the Board, establishing procedures for evaluating the suitability of potential director nominees consistent
with the criteria approved by the Board, reviewing the suitability for continued service as a director when his or her term expires and
at such other times as the committee deems necessary or appropriate, and determining whether or not the director should be re-nominated,
and reviewing the membership of the Board and its committees and recommending making changes, if any. 

In
evaluating director nominees, the Nominating Committee will generally consider the following factors: 

the
 appropriate size and composition of our Board of Directors; 

whether
 or not the person is an independent director as defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) promulgated by the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

the
 needs of the Company with respect to the particular talents and experience of its directors; 

the
 knowledge, skills and experience of nominees in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge, skills and experience
 already possessed by other members of the Board of Directors; 

familiarity
 with national and international business matters and the requirements of the industry in which we operate; 

experience
 with accounting rules and practices; 

the
 desire to balance the considerable benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh perspective provided by new members;
 and 

all
 applicable laws, rules, regulations and listing standards, if applicable. 

There
are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although the committee may consider such factors as it may deem are in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Nominating Committee also believes it is appropriate for certain key members of our
management to participate as members of the Board of Directors. 

The
Nominating Committee identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of the Board willing to continue in service. Current
members of the Board with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are considered
for re-nomination, balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the Board with that of obtaining a new perspective.
If any member of the Board does not wish to continue in service, or if the Nominating Committee decides not to re-nominate a member for
re-election, the committee identifies the desired skills and experience of a prospective director nominee in light of the criteria above,
or determines to reduce the size of the Board. Research may also be performed to identify qualified individuals. To date, we have not
engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees, nor do we anticipate doing so in the future. 

45 

Stockholder
Communications with Directors 

Stockholders
may communicate with the Board by sending a letter to the Corporate Secretary, CEA Industries Inc., 385 South Pierce Avenue, Suite C,
Louisville, Colorado 80027. Each communication must set forth the name and address of the stockholder on whose behalf the communication
is sent and should indicate in the address whether the communication is intended for the entire Board, the non-employee directors as
a group or an individual director. Each communication will be screened by the Corporate Secretary or his designee to determine whether
it is appropriate for presentation to the Board or any specified director(s). Examples of inappropriate communications include junk mail,
spam, mass mailings, resumes, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations and advertisements, as well as unduly hostile, threatening,
illegal, unsuitable, frivolous, patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate material. Communications determined to be appropriate for
presentation to the Board, or the director(s) to whom they are specifically addressed, will be submitted to the Board or such director(s)
on a periodic basis. Any communications that concern accounting, internal control or auditing matters will be handled in accordance with
procedures adopted by the Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board has adopted a Code of Ethics, which is available for review on our website at www.ceaindustries.com and is also available
in print, without charge, to any stockholder who requests a copy by writing to us at CEA Industries Inc., 385 South Pierce Avenue, Suite
C, Louisville, Colorado 80027 Attention: Corporate Secretary. Each of our directors, employees and officers, including our Chief Executive
Officer, and all of our other principal executive officers, are required to comply with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. There
have not been any waivers of the Code of Ethics relating to any of our executive officers or directors in the past year. 

Meetings
and Committees of the Board 

Our
Board is responsible for overseeing the management of our business. We keep our directors informed of our business at meetings and through
reports and analyses presented to the Board and the committees of the Board. Regular communications between our directors and management
also occur outside of formal meetings of the Board and committees of the Board. 

Meeting
Attendance 

Our
Board generally holds meetings on a quarterly basis but may hold additional meetings as required. In 2022, the Board held four meetings.
Most of our directors attended 100 of the Board meetings that were held during the periods when he was a director and each of our directors
attended 100 of the meetings of each committee of the Board on which he served that were held during the periods that he served on such
committee. The Board also took a number of actions by unanimous consent, pursuant to Nevada corporate law and our by-laws. We do not
have a policy requiring that directors attend our annual meetings of stockholders. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

The
Board may, but is not required to, select a Chairman of the Board who presides over the meetings of the Board and meetings of the stockholders
and performs such other duties as may be assigned to him by the Board. The positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
may be filled by one individual or two different individuals. Currently the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
are held by Mr. McDonald. 

Board s
Role in Risk Oversight 

While
risk management is primarily the responsibility of the Company s management team, the Board is responsible for the overall supervision
of the Company s risk management activities. The Board as a whole has responsibility for risk oversight, and each Board committee
has responsibility for reviewing certain risk areas and reporting to the full Board. The oversight responsibility of the Board and its
committees is enabled by management reporting processes that are designed to provide visibility to the Board about the identification,
assessment, and management of critical risks and management s risk mitigation strategies in certain focus areas. These areas of
focus include strategic, operational, financial and reporting, succession and compensation and other areas. 

The
Board oversees risks associated with their respective areas of responsibility. The Board oversees: (i) risks and exposures associated
with our business strategy and other current matters that may present material risk to our financial performance, operations, prospects
or reputation, (ii) risks and exposures associated with management succession planning and executive compensation programs and arrangements,
including equity incentive plans, and (iii) risks and exposures associated with director succession planning, corporate governance, and
overall board effectiveness. 

46 

Management
provides regular updates to the Board regarding the management of the risks they oversee at each regular meeting of the Board. We believe
that the Board s role in risk oversight must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis and that our existing Board s role in risk
oversight is appropriate. However, we continually re-examine the manners in which the Board administers its oversight function on an
ongoing basis to ensure that they continue to meet the Company s needs. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors
and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
with the SEC. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports filed by such persons. 

Based
solely on our review of the copies of reports furnished to us, other than as noted below, we believe that during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, all executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners of our common stock complied with the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. In the year ended December 31, 2022, due to an administrative oversight, Mr. Shipley
filed a late Form 4 report, on January 18, 2022, indicating the acquisition of 3,125 nonqualified stock options on January 3, 2022, and,
Mr. Etten filed a late Form 4 report, on January 18, 2022, indicating the acquisition of 3,125 nonqualified stock options on January
3, 2022 Additionally, Mr. Mariathasan filed a late Form 3 report on January 21, 2022 and a late Form 4 report, on January 21, 2022, indicating
the acquisition of 3,367 restricted stock units on January 17, 2022. Mr. Reisner filed a late Form 3 report on January 21, 2022, and
a late Form 4 report, on January 21, 2022, indicating the acquisition of 3,367 restricted stock units on January 17, 2022. The delayed
filings of the reports for both Mr. Mariathasan and Mr. Reisner were due to the time it took to obtain their EDGAR codes. 

Executive
Officers 

Executive
officers are appointed by our Board and serve at its discretion. Set forth below is information regarding our executive officers as of
the date of this report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions

Anthony
 K. McDonald 
 
 64 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President; Director 
 
 Ian
 K. Patel 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Mr.
Patel commenced employment in the stated positions on March 11, 2022, replacing Mr. Brian Knaley, who resigned on February 18, 2022. 

Mr.
McDonald s biographical information is included with such information for the other members of our Board. 

Mr.
Patel served as an advisor to Maxwell Financial Labs, LLC, from October 2021 to March 2022. From July 2018 through September 2021, he
served as Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations for FourPoint Energy LLC, where he was responsible for finance, treasury,
corporate development and strategy. Prior to FourPoint, Mr. Patel served as Chief Financial Officer of S A Resources, LLC, a private
equity backed oil and gas company. Mr. Patel began his career as an investment banker with Citigroup and Goldman Sachs. During his investment
banking career, Mr. Patel executed over 30 billion of M A/advisory assignments and led capital market transactions of over 15 billion
for clients. Mr. Patel holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, a JD from Harvard Law School, and a BS
from the University of California at Riverside. 

47 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Director
Compensation Program 

On
August 20, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a new compensation plan for independent directors. The plan is effective retroactively
for the current independent directors and for independent directors elected or appointed after the effective date of the plan. 

The
Company paid its independent directors an annual cash fee of 15,000, payable quarterly in advance on the first business day of each
calendar quarter, retroactive commencing July 1, 2021, as consideration for their participation in: (i) any regular and special meetings
of the Board and any committee participation and meetings thereof that are attended in person, (ii) any telephonic and other forms of
electronic meetings of the Board or of any committee thereof in which the director is a member, (iii) any non-meeting consultations with
the Company s management, and (iv) any other services provided by them in their capacities as directors. In addition, on the first
business day of January each year after the effective eate, each independent director will receive a grant of non-qualified stock options
valued at 15,000. As part of the retroactive compensation, each independent director on the Board as of the effective date will receive
an additional grant of non-qualified stock options valued at 7,500 for service in 2021. 

On
January 17, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Board of Directors adopted a compensation plan to replace the prior plan. The
Plan is effective retroactively for the then current independent directors and for independent directors elected or appointed after the
Effective Date of the plan. 

The
plan is divided into two phases: from the Effective Date of the Plan until February 9, 2022, the day prior to the uplisting of the Company
to Nasdaq. Pre-uplist and from February 10, 2022, the uplist date forward Post-uplist ). 

Pre-uplist
phase: The Company paid its independent directors an annual cash fee of 15,000, payable quarterly in advance on the first business day
of each quarter, as consideration for their participation in: (i) any regular or special meetings of the Board or any committee thereof
attended in person, (ii) any telephonic meeting of the Board or any committee thereof in which the director is a member, (iii) any non-meeting
consultations with the Company s management, and (iv) any other services provided by them in their capacities as directors (other
than services as the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Company s Audit Committee, and the Committee Chairman). 

At
the time of initial election or appointment, each independent director received an equity retention award in the form of restricted stock
units RSUs ). The aggregate value of the RSUs at the time of grant was to be 25,000, with the number of shares underlying
the RSUs to be determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date immediately prior to the date of
grant. Vesting of the RSUs was as follows: (i) 50 at the time of grant, and (ii) 50 on the first anniversary of the grant date. 

In
addition, on the first business day of January each year, each independent director will also receive an equity retention award in the
form of RSUs. The aggregate value of the RSUs at the time of grant will be 25,000, with the number of shares underlying the RSUs to
be determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date immediately prior to the date of grant. These
RSUs will be fully vested at date of grant. 

The
Company pays the Audit Committee Chairman an additional annual fee of 10,000, payable quarterly in advance, for services as the Audit
Committee Chairman. 

The
Company pays the Chairmen of any other committees of the Board an additional annual fee of 5,000, payable quarterly in advance, for
services as a Committee Chairman. 

There
is no additional compensation paid to members of any committee of the Board. Interested (i.e. Executive directors) serving on the Board
do not receive compensation for their Board service. 

Post-uplist
phase: The Company will pay its independent directors an annual cash fee of 25,000, payable quarterly in advance on the first business
day of each quarter. All other terms remain the same. 

Each
director is responsible for the payment of any and all income taxes arising with respect to the issuance of common stock and the vesting
and settlement of RSUs. 

The
Company reimburses independent directors for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings and undertaking
certain matters on the Company s behalf. 

48 

All
independent directors, Messrs. Shipley, Etten, Reisner, and Mariathasan are subject to the plan. 

Each
independent director is responsible for the payment of any and all income taxes arising with respect to the issuance of any equity awarded
under the plan, including the exercise of any non-qualified stock options. 

Employee
directors do not receive separate fees for their services as directors. 

Indemnification;
Insurance 

Under
the Nevada Revised Statutes and pursuant to our charter and bylaws, as currently in effect, the Company may indemnify the Company s
officers and directors for various expenses and damages resulting from their acting in these capacities. Insofar as indemnification for
liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our officers and directors pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we
have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and is therefore unenforceable. 

The
Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements are intended
to provide the Company s directors the maximum indemnification permitted under the Nevada Revised Statutes, unless otherwise limited
by the Company s charter and bylaws. Each indemnification agreement provides that the Company shall indemnify the director or executive
officer who is a party to the agreement (an Indemnitee ), including the advancement of legal expenses, if, by reason of
his corporate status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to or a witness in any threatened, pending, or completed
proceeding. Each indemnification agreement further provides that the applicable provisions of the Company s charter and bylaws
regarding indemnification shall control in the event of any conflict with any provisions of such indemnification agreements. 

The
Company may secure insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Company for any
liability arising out of his actions, regardless of whether the Nevada Revised Statues would permit indemnification. The Company currently
has obtained liability insurance for its officers and directors. 

Director
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation earned by or awarded or paid in 2022 and 2021 to the individuals who served as our independent
directors during such period. 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 Option Awards (3), (4) 
 Total 
 
 James R. Shipley 
 2022 
 27,500 
 - 
 15,000 
 42,500 

2021 
 7,500 
 - 
 7,500 
 15,000 
 
 Nicholas J. Etten 
 2022 
 27,500 
 - 
 15,000 
 42,500 

2021 
 7,500 
 - 
 7,500 
 15,000 
 
 Troy Reisner 
 2022 
 32,500 
 25,000 
 - 
 57,500 
 
 Marion Mariathasan 
 2022 
 22,500 
 25,000 
 - 
 47,500 

(1)
 Excludes reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. 

(2) Reflects
grants to two new independent directors of 3,367 each of restricted stock units on January 17,2022, in connection with their
appointment. 1,684 shares were immediately vested and 1,683 vested on January 17, 2023. 

(3)
 Reflects the dollar amount of the grant date fair value of awards, measured in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718 Topic 718 without adjustment for estimated forfeitures. For a discussion of the assumptions
used to calculate the value of equity awards, refer to Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 included in this Annual Report. 

(4)
 Reflects grants to each independent director on August 20, 2021 of non-qualified stock options to purchase 769 shares of the Company s
common stock and a grant to each independent director on January 3, 2022 of non-qualified stock options to purchase 3,125 shares of the
Company s common stock. 

49 

The
aggregate number of non-qualified stock options and restricted stock units held as of December 31, 2022, by each independent director
are as follows: 

Name 
 Shares Underlying Non-Qualified Stock Options (1) 
 Shares Underlying Restricted Stock Units (2) 
 Total 
 
 James R. Shipley 
 10,561 
 
 10,561 
 
 Nicholas J. Etten 
 10,561 
 
 10,561 
 
 Troy Reisner 
 - 
 3,367 
 3,367 
 
 Marion Mariathasan 
 - 
 3,367 
 3,367 

(1)
 Includes grant to each independent director on June 24, 2020 of non-qualified stock options to purchase 6,667 shares of the Company s
common stock, a grant to each independent director on August 20, 2021 of non-qualified stock options to purchase 769 shares of the Company s
common stock, and a grant on January 3, 2022 of non-qualified stock options to purchase 3,125 shares of the Company s common stock. 

(2)
 Includes grants to two new independent directors of 3,367 restricted stock units on January 17, 2022. 

Subsequent
to the financial statement date, the following cash fees were paid to directors based on the January 17, 2022 compensation plan. 

Name 
 Cash Fees Paid 
 
 James R. Shipley 
 7,500 
 
 Nicholas J. Etten 
 7,500 
 
 Troy L. Reisner 
 8,750 
 
 Marion Mariathasan 
 6,250 
 
 Total 
 30,000 

Subsequent
to the financial statement date, the following restricted stock units were issued to directors based on the January 17, 2022 compensation
plan. 

Name 
 Shares Underlying Restricted Stock Units 
 
 James R. Shipley 
 29,758 
 
 Nicholas J. Etten 
 29,758 
 
 Troy L. Reisner 
 29,758 
 
 Marion Mariathasan 
 29,758 

119,032 

These
restricted stock units vested upon grant. 

50 

Executive
Compensation 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table 

The
following table summarizes compensation earned by or awarded or paid to our named executive officers for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards (1) 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Anthony K. McDonald
- Chief 
 2022 
 338,173 
 22,917 
 - 
 22,917 
 - 
 - 
 19,313 
 403,320 
 
 Executive Officer and President (2) 
 2021 
 216,731 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 342,939 
 - 
 - 
 49,383 
 709,053 
 
 Ian K. Patel- Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer (3) 
 2022 
 212,596 
 - 
 - 
 33,000 
 - 
 - 
 7,615 
 253,212 
 
 Richard B. Knaley - Chief
Financial 
 2022 
 54,719 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,499 
 56,218 
 
 Officer and Treasurer (3) 
 2021 
 120,192 
 - 
 - 
 122,000 
 - 
 - 
 4,275 
 246,467 

(1)
 Reflects the dollar amount of the grant date fair value of awards granted in 2021 or 2022, measured in accordance with FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 718 Topic 718 without adjustment for estimated forfeitures. For a discussion
of the assumptions used to calculate the value of equity awards, refer to Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Annual Report. 

(2)
 Mr. McDonald was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President in November 2018. Amounts presented include all compensation for
Mr. McDonald for the full 2022 and 2021 years. The 2022 bonus was paid in recognition of services rendered and contributions to the Company s
performance, in respect of the 2021 Annual Incentive Plan. 2021 bonus includes cash bonus paid in recognition of services rendered and
contributions to the Company s performance in 2021, pursuant to the November 24, 2021 employment agreement. 2022 option awards
include non-qualified stock options to purchase 9,230 shares of common stock which vested upon grant. These options were awarded in recognition
of services rendered and contributions to the Company s performance in 2021, pursuant to the 2021 Annual Incentive Plan. 2021 stock awards
include 6,803 shares of common stock issued in relation to a new employment agreement effective November 24, 2021. 2021 option awards
include non-qualified stock options to purchase 1,791 shares of common stock awarded in February 2021, pursuant to the 2021 Incentive
Compensation Plan, incentive stock options to purchase 40,816 shares of common stock, and non-qualified stock options to purchase 4,453
shares of common stock both awarded in the November 24, 2021 employment agreement. Some of these options are subject to certain vesting
(see Outstanding Equity Awards table, below). Other compensation in 2022 and 2021 includes (i) employer-paid portion of health plan benefits 7,113 and 8,282, respectively), (ii) employer matching contributions under our 401(k) plan 12,200 and 10,685, respectively), and
(iii) other fringe benefits and taxes 0 and 30,416, respectively). 

(3)
 Mr. Patel was appointed Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer in March 2022. Amounts presented include all compensation
for Mr. Patel for 2022. Option awards include non-qualified stock options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock awarded subject to
his employment agreement. Some of these options are subject to certain vesting (see Outstanding Equity Awards table, below). Other compensation
includes the employer matching contributions under our 401(k) plan. 

(4)
 Mr. Knaley was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in June 2021. Amounts presented include all compensation for Mr.
Knaley for the full year 2022 and 2021. Option awards include non-qualified stock options to purchase 13,333 shares of common stock awarded
subject to his employment agreement. Some of these options are subject to certain vesting (see Outstanding Equity Awards table, below).
Other compensation for both 2022 and 2021 includes the employer-paid portion of health plan benefits. Mr. Knaley resigned his position
effective February 18, 2022, and the options to purchase the shares under the common stock award were terminated on March 20, 2022. 

51 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December
31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (1) 
 
 Anthony K. McDonald (1) (2) (3) (4) 
 33,333 

13.35 
 11/28/2028 

6,667 

10.50 
 1/2/2030 

1,791 

19.50 
 2/16/2031 

30,179 
 15,090 
 
 7.35 
 11/24/2031 

9,230 

2.51 
 4/1/2032 

Ian K. Patel (5) 
 2,000 
 13,000 
 
 2.20 
 3/11/2032 

(1)
 On November 28, 2018, we granted to Mr. McDonald non-qualified stock options to purchase 33,333 shares of common stock under our
2017 Equity Incentive Plan, of which: (i) 6,667 options vested and became exercisable on the grant date, (ii) 13,333 options vested and
became exercisable on December 31, 2019, and (iii) 13,333 options vested and became exercisable on December 31, 2020. On January 2, 2020,
we granted to Mr. McDonald non-qualified stock options to purchase 6,667 shares of common stock under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan
in recognition of his performance during 2019, which options vested and became exercisable on the grant date. On February 16, 2021, we
granted to Mr. McDonald non-qualified stock options to purchase 1,791 shares of common stock under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan in
recognition of his performance during 2020, which options vested and became exercisable on the grant date. 

(2)
 On November 24, 2021, we granted to Mr. McDonald non-qualified stock options to purchase 4,452 shares of common stock under our
2021 Equity Incentive Plan, of which: (i) 1,484 options vested and became exercisable on the grant date, (ii) 1,484 options will vest
and became exercisable on November 24, 2022, and (iii) 1,484 options will vest and became exercisable on November 24, 2023. Also on November
24, 2021, we granted to Mr. McDonald incentive stock options to purchase 40,815 shares of common stock under our 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan of which: (i) 13,605 options vested and became exercisable on the grant date, (ii) 13,605 options will vest and became exercisable
on November 24, 2022, and (iii) 13,605 options will vest and became exercisable on November 24, 2023. These grants were in accordance
with a new Executive Employment Agreement effective November 24, 2021. 

(3)
 On November 24, 2021, we granted Mr. McDonald 6,803 restricted shares of common stock under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, in
accordance with a new Executive Employment Agreement effective November 24, 2021. 

(4)
 On April 1, 2022, we granted Mr. McDonald non-qualified stock options to purchase 9,230 shares of common stock under out 2021 Equity
Incentive Plan, in respect to our 2021 Annual Incentive Plan. The options vested and became exercisable upon grant. 

(5)
 On March 11, 2022, we granted to Mr. Patel non-qualified stock options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock under our 2021
Equity Incentive Plan, of which: 2,000 options vested and became exercisable on the grant date. The balance of the non-qualified options
vest and become exercisable as follows: (i) 3,000 on March 11, 2023, (ii) 5,000 on March 11, 2024, and (iii) 5,000 on March 11, 2025.
These options were in accordance with his Employment Agreement effective March 11, 2022. 

52 

Compensation
Arrangements with Named Executive Officers 

Anthony
K. McDonald 

On
November 24, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. McDonald, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and
President. The initial term of the employment agreement commenced on November 24, 2021, for a one-year term that is automatically extended
for an additional three years upon completion by the Company of a qualified offering. After the initial term (as may be
extended), the employment agreement automatically renews for one-year periods unless notice of non-renewal is given 90 days prior to
the end of the then expiring term. A qualified offering is (A) the closing of a sale of the securities of the Company, whether in a private
placement or pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, or (B) the occurrence of an up-listing
event (i.e., having the Company s stock quoted on an alternative trading platform from the Over-the-Counter (OTC) exchange to a
major stock exchange). 

Mr.
McDonald will be paid an annualized base salary of 275,000 per year, which increased to 350,000 per year upon the completion of the
Qualified Offering on February 15, 2022. The base salary will be reviewed at least annually prior to the end of each calendar year to
ascertain whether, in the judgment of the board of directors, it should be increased for the next calendar year. Mr. McDonald is eligible
to receive an annual incentive bonus under the Company s annual incentive compensation plan and policy for each full completed
calendar year of employment during the term as determined by the board of directors in its sole discretion. Mr. McDonald will be eligible
for an annual target bonus of fifty percent of the base salary. Payment of the annual bonus may be made in the form of cash, stock, or
a combination thereof, as determined in the sole discretion of the board of directors. Mr. McDonald will also receive an immediate cash
amount of 50,000, payable promptly after the signing of the employment agreement. 

Mr.
McDonald, at the signing of the employment agreement was issued 6,803 shares of common stock, which has an aggregate fair market value
of 50,000, and was paid a gross up on that amount for federal state and local income tax. Mr. McDonald was awarded a stock option to
purchase 45,269 shares of common stock under the 2021 Stock Award Plan, that was approved by shareholders, with an exercise price of
 7.35 per share, the price of a share of common stock on the day immediately prior to the signing of the employment agreement. The vesting
of the options is at the rate of one-third on each of the date of the signing of the employment agreement and the first and second anniversary
of the signing of the employment agreement. The option, once vested, is exercisable for ten years from the date the employment contract
was signed. Vesting will be accelerated upon a change of control of the Company and certain termination events. 

Mr.
McDonald is entitled to participate in the Company employee benefit plans, including any group health and welfare insurance and profit
sharing and 401(k) plans that are sponsored generally by the Company for its employees, as may be offered from time to time. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may modify or terminate any employee benefit plan at any time. Mr. McDonald will be entitled to vacation,
personal days, sick days and expense reimbursement. If Mr. McDonald s employment is terminated for cause, due to death, due to
disability or voluntary resignation, he will be paid his base salary to the date of termination, any unpaid annual bonus, COBRA benefits
and any unpaid expense reimbursement. If he is terminated without cause or he resigns for good reason, then he will be paid one year s
base salary, and the annual bonus for that year. The employment agreement has typical activity restrictions for non-solicitation of customers
and employees of the Company and covenants for confidentiality, non-competition, inventions and protection of Company intellectual property. 

Separately
from his prior employment agreement dated November 28, 2018, on January 2, 2020, the Board awarded Mr. McDonald a special one-time grant
of non-qualified stock options to purchase 6,667 shares of the Company s common stock and a 20,000 cash bonus, in recognition
of his services as the Company s Chief Executive Officer during 2019. These non-qualified stock options were immediately vested
on the date of grant, had a term of 10 years, and had an exercise price of 10.50 per share, the closing price of the Company s
common stock on The OTC Markets on the day immediately preceding the grant date. Further, on February 16, 2021, Mr. McDonald was awarded
non-qualified stock options to purchase 1,791 shares of common stock under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. This grant was based on his
performance during 2020. The options vested and became exercisable on the grant date. The associated equity compensation expense was
accrued during 2020. 

53 

Ian
K. Patel 

Mr.
Patel is employed on an at will basis, provided that either the Company or Mr. Patel may terminate his employment agreement, at any time,
with or without cause, by providing the other party with 30-days prior written notice. In the event Mr. Patel s employment
is terminated by the Company without cause, Mr. Patel will be entitled to receive his base salary for an additional 30 days. Mr. Patel
will receive an annualized base salary of 275,000, and he also is eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus as described in the
Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan and Policy. Mr. Patel is entitled to participate in those various employee benefits
that the Company generally offers to its employees from time to time. The employment agreement also provides for typical activity restrictions
such as non-competition and assignment of invention provisions. 

As
part of his compensation pursuant to his employment agreement, on March 11, 2022, the Board granted Mr. Patel non-qualified stock options
to purchase up to 15,000 shares of the Company s common stock, which vest as follows: (i) 2,000 options vested and became exercisable
on the grant date, (ii) 3,000 options vest and become exercisable on March 11, 2023, if Mr. Patel continues to be employed by the Company
on that date, (iii) 5,000 options vest and become exercisable on March 11, 2024, if Mr. Patel continues to be employed by the Company
on that date, and (iv) 5,000 options vest and become exercisable on March 11, 2025, if Mr. Patel continues to be employed by the Company
on that date. The exercise price of these options is 2.20 and was based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on
March 10, 2022. In the event of a change of control involving the Company, any unvested stock options will become vested on the date
of the change of control, provided Mr. Patel is employed on the date of the change of control. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS 

The
following table sets forth the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by (i) each of our directors, (ii) each of our named executive
officers, (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) all persons known by us to beneficially own more than
5 of our outstanding common stock as of the date of the filing of this report. 

The
Company has determined the beneficial ownership shown on this table in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, shares
are considered beneficially owned if held by the person indicated, or if such person, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement,
understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares the power to vote, to direct the voting of and/or to dispose of or to direct
the disposition of such shares. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of shares if that person has the right to acquire such
shares within 60 days through the exercise of any warrant, option or right or through conversion of a security. Except as otherwise indicated
in the accompanying footnotes, the information in the table below is based on information as of March 28, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated
in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to shares of
common and preferred stock and the address for such person is c/o CEA Industries Inc. 385 South Pierce Avenue, Suite C, Louisville, CO
80027. 

54 

Common Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Owned Beneficially (1) 
 Percentage of Class (2) 

Directors 

Anthony K. McDonald (3) 
 89,320 
 1.1 
 
 James R. Shipley (4) 
 40,319 

Nicholas J. Etten (5) 
 40,319 

Troy L. Reisner (6) 
 33,125 

Marion Mariathasan (7) 
 33,125 

Executive Officers who are not Directors 

Ian K. Patel (8) 
 5,000 

Executive Officers and Directors as a Group 
 241,208 
 3.0 

5 or More Stockholders 

Represents less than 0.1 . 

(1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

(2) Based on a total of 8,076,372 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding as of March 29, 2022. 

(3) Includes 81,201 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days and does not include 15,089 shares of common stock that become exercisable in the future. 

(4) Includes 10,561 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days and 29,758 shares of common stock issued as restricted stock units. 

(5) Includes 10,561 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days and 29,758 shares of common stock issued as restricted stock units. 

(6) Includes 33,125 shares of common stock issued as restricted stock units. 

(7) Includes 33,125 shares of common stock issued as restricted stock units. 

(8) Includes 5,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days and does not include 10,000 shares of common stock that become exercisable in the future. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Transactions
with Related Parties 

On
January 7, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with RSX Enterprises, Inc. (RSX), a company controlled by Mr. James
R. Shipley, a director of the Company. RSX provided consulting services to the Company focused on product offerings, engineering requirements,
key customer marketing outreach, and related matters, as mutually determined by the Company and RSX. The Company paid a monthly consulting
fee of 6,500 for up to 50 hours per month for the various consulting activities undertaken and provided for reimbursement of expenses.
The total amount paid on this agreement was 19,500. The term of the agreement was set for three months. Any intellectual property developed
by RSX will belong to the Company, and the contract provides for typical indemnification obligations and confidentiality provisions. 

55 

The
company entered into a manufacturer representative agreement with RSX Enterprises in March 2021 to become a non-exclusive representative
for the Company to assist in marketing and soliciting orders. James R. Shipley, a current director of the Company, has a significant
ownership interest in RSX. 

Under
the manufacturer representative agreement, RSX will act as a non-exclusive representative for the Company within the United States, Canada
and Mexico and may receive a commission for qualified customer leads. The agreement has an initial term through December 31, 2021, with
automatic one-year renewal terms unless prior notice is given 90 days prior to each annual expiration. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company paid 9,884 in commissions under this agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid 42,639
in commissions under this agreement. 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Lone Star Bioscience, Inc. (Lone Star) to provide engineering design services.
Nicholas Etten, one of our independent directors, is the Chief Executive Officer of Lone Star. The agreement totaled 2,500 with 1,250
received as a deposit in 2022. Another agreement for engineering services was signed on December 20, 2022, in the amount of 10,900.
The cash deposit for this agreement was received in January of 2023. 

During
2022, except as discussed above, there have been no transactions in which the Company was or is a participant, and there are no currently
proposed transactions in which the Company is to be a participant, in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 
of the Company s average assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive officer
or beneficial holder of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities or member of such person s immediate family had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Company
Policy Regarding Related Party Transactions 

The
Company has procedures in place for the review, approval and monitoring of transactions involving the Company and certain persons related
to the Company. The Company has a code of business conduct and ethics that generally prohibits any employee, officer or director from
engaging in any transaction where there is a conflict between such individual s personal interest and the interests of the Company.
Waivers to the code of business conduct and ethics can generally only be obtained from the Audit Committee of the Board and are publicly
disclosed as required by applicable law and regulations. 

In
addition, the Audit Committee of the Board will review all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations on
an ongoing basis (if such transactions are not reviewed and overseen by another independent body of the Board). In accordance with that
policy, the Audit Committee s practice is to review and oversee any transactions that are reportable as related party transactions
under the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and SEC rules and regulations. Management advises the Board on a
regular basis of any such transaction that is proposed to be entered into or continued and seeks approval. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Sadler,
Gibb Associates, L.L.C. SGA has acted as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. SGA has advised us that neither the firm nor any present member or associate of it
has any material financial interest, direct or indirect, in the Company or its affiliates. ACM LLP ACM acted as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 

56 

The
following table summarizes the fees for SGA for the year ended December 31, 2022 and fees for SGA and ACM for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 107,060 
 97,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 90,000 
 32,800 
 
 Tax Fees 
 12,574 (1) 
 7,850 (2) 
 
 Total 
 209,634 
 138,150 

(1)
 Tax fees in 2022 relate to tax returns for the 2021 year. 

(2)
 Tax fees in 2021 relate to tax returns for the 2020 year. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firms for professional services rendered
in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, and the review of our consolidated financial statements
included in our quarterly reports. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firms for assurance and related
services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not
reported under Audit Fees. These services include the review of our registration statements on Forms S-8 and Forms S-1. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firms for professional services rendered for
tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. These services include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 

All
Other Fees . All other fees would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
Audit Committee of the Board pre-approves all services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

57 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

a.
Documents Filed as Part of this Report 

The
following consolidated financial statements of CEA Industries Inc. are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Financial Statements 
 Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: 3627) 
 F-1 - F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

b.
Exhibits 

See
 Exhibit Index on the page following the consolidated financial statements and related footnotes and the signature page
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

c.
Financial Statement Schedules 

No
financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (i) such schedules are not required, or (ii) the information has been presented
in the aforementioned financial statements. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

The
Company has elected not to provide the summary of information under this item. 

58 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Financial Statements 
 Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

59 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CEA Industries Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CEA Industries Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matter
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue
Recognition Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s contracts with customers often include the promise to transfer multiple
goods and services to a customer. Distinct promises within a contract are referred to as performance obligations and are accounted for
as separate units of account. Management assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct for the purpose of identifying the
performance obligations in the contract. This assessment involves subjective determinations and requires management to make judgments
about the individual promised goods or services and whether such goods or services are separable from the other aspects of the contractual
relationship. The Company s performance obligations include various distinct goods and services such as equipment and various engineering
services. When multiple performance obligations are identified within a contract, management exercises judgement in allocating the transaction
price amongst the various performance obligations. In addition, when discounts are provided for a particular contract, the discount is
allocated to each performance obligation proportionally based upon the stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation. 

F- 1 

We
determined that performing procedures related to the identification of performance obligations in revenue contracts and allocation of
the transaction price to the respective performance obligations is a critical audit matter as there was significant judgment by management
in identifying performance obligations in revenue contracts and allocating the consideration, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor
judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures to evaluate whether performance obligations in revenue contracts were appropriately
identified by management and consideration was appropriately allocated. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the following: 

Obtaining
 an understanding and testing management s process for identifying, evaluating, and
 accounting for contracts with multiple performance obligations. 
 
 Examining
 revenue arrangements on a test basis, including assessing the key terms and conditions of
 the arrangements and testing the identification, evaluation, and accounting of the performance
 obligation for conformity with relevant authoritative guidance. 
 
 Evaluating
 the reasonableness of the approaches used to determine estimated stand-alone selling price
 and allocation of the transaction price. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
 2020. 

March 28, 2023 

F- 2 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total Current Assets 

Noncurrent Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 

Deposits 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Total Noncurrent Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued equity compensation 

Other liabilities 
 - 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total Noncurrent Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) 
 - 
 - 

TEMPORARY EQUITY 

Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 

Total Temporary Equity 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value; and shares authorized, respectively; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; and shares authorized, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

Product development costs 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Goodwill impairment charges 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest income (expense),net 

Gain on lease termination 
 - 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Convertible preferred series B stock redemption value adjustment 
 - 

Convertible preferred series B stock dividends 

Dividend on redemption of series A preferred stock 
 - 

Deemed dividend on convertible preferred series B stock on down round 
 
 - 

Net loss available to common shareholders 

Loss per common share basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Shareholders 
 Deficit 

Series A Preferred
 Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Shareholders 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Common shares issued in settlement of legal dispute 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested stock options granted to employees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested stock options granted to directors 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of series B preferred stock and warrants, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of series A preferred stock to common 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock in settlement of accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of restricted common stock to employee 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Accrued interest on series B preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Adjustment to redemption value of series B preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Fair value of vested stock options granted to employees 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested stock options granted to directors 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common shares issued in settlement of restricted stock units issued to
 directors 

- 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common shares and warrants issued for cash 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends on series B preferred stock 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common shares to round up partial shares following reverse split 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common shares and warrants issued on conversion of series B preferred stock 

- 

- 

- 

Cashless exercise of prefunded warrants 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and intangible asset amortization expense 

Gain on forgiveness of note payable 
 - 

Share-based compensation 

Common stock issued for other expense 
 - 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Provision for excess and obsolete inventory 

Gain on lease termination 
 - 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Amortization of operating lease ROU asset 

Goodwill impairment charges 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Deposits 
 - 

Operating lease liability, net 

Accrued equity compensation 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Payment of dividends on series B preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Redemption of series B preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash proceeds on sale of common stock and warrants, net of expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Cash proceeds from sale of preferred stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of note payable 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Adjustment of carrying value of series B preferred stock to redemption value 
 - 

Conversion of series B preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued series B interest payable settled in shares of common stock 
 - 

Series A preferred stock converted into shares of common stock 
 - 

Deemed dividend on series B preferred stock arising on down round 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend on redemption of series A preferred stock settled in shares of common stock 
 - 

Right of Use asset arising on new office lease 
 - 

Cashless exercise of prefunded warrants 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

in proceeds
from completion of an equity offering. Based on management s evaluation, the proceeds from the Offering will be more than sufficient
to fund any deficiencies in working capital or cash flow from operations, and the Company is confident that it will be able to meet its
obligations as they come due, and fund operations for at least 12 months after the issuance of these consolidated financial statements.
Accordingly, the conditions around liquidity and limited working capital necessary to fund operations have been addressed. 

The par value for the Common Stock was not affected. 

As
a result of this reverse stock split, the number of the Company s shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2021, was reduced from to . 

All
Common Stock, warrants, options and per share amounts set forth herein are presented to give retroactive effect to the Reverse Split
for all periods presented. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company held cash in bank depository accounts of approximately , consequently of this
balance was not insured by the FDIC. The Company has not experienced any losses to date on depository accounts. 

and , respectively. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting
in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 

and , respectively. 

Computers 

Equipment 

Vehicles 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

As
of June 30, 2022, the Company experienced a triggering event due to a drop in its stock price and performed a quantitative analysis for
potential impairment of its goodwill. As of June 30, 2022, the Company performed a quantitative analysis for potential impairment of
its goodwill, by comparing the Company s fair value to its carrying value as of June 30, 2022. Based on this analysis, the Company
determined that its carrying value exceeded its fair value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of
 at June 30, 2022. No income tax benefit related to this goodwill impairment charge was recorded at June 30, 2022. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

The
Company s facilities operating leases have lease and non-lease fixed cost components, which we account for as one single lease
component in calculating the present value of minimum lease payments. Variable lease and non-lease cost components are expensed as incurred. 

The
Company does not recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have an initial lease term of 12 months or less.
The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with short-term leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Engineering and other services 

Shipping and handling 

Total revenue 

Revenue
Recognition Accounting Policy Summary 

The
Company accounts for revenue in accordance with ASC 606. Under the revenue standard, a performance obligation is a promise in a contract
with a customer to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. Most of the Company s contracts contain multiple performance
obligations that include engineering and technical services as well as the delivery of a diverse range of climate control system equipment
and components, which can span multiple phases of a customer s project life cycle from facility design and construction to equipment
delivery and system installation and start-up. The Company does not provide construction services or system installation services. Some
of the Company s contracts with customers contain a single performance obligation, typically engineering only services contracts. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

A
contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied. When there are multiple performance obligations within a contract, the Company allocates the transaction price
to each performance obligation based on standalone selling price. When estimating the selling price, the Company uses various observable
inputs. The best observable input is the Company s actual selling price for the same good or service, however, this input is generally
not available for the Company s contracts containing multiple performance obligations. For engineering services, the Company estimates
the standalone selling price by reference to certain physical characteristics of the project, such as facility size and mechanical systems
involved, which are indicative of the scope and complexity of the mechanical engineering services to be provided. For equipment sales,
the standalone selling price is determined by forecasting the expected costs of the equipment and components and then adding an appropriate
margin, based on a range of acceptable margins established by management. Depending on the nature of the performance obligations, the
Company may use a combination of different methods and observable inputs if certain performance obligations have highly variable or uncertain
standalone selling prices. Once the selling prices are determined, the Company applies the relative values to the total contract consideration
and estimates the amount of the transaction price to be recognized as each promise is fulfilled. 

Generally,
satisfaction occurs when control of the promised goods is transferred to the customer or as services are rendered or completed in exchange
for consideration in an amount for which the Company expects to be entitled. The Company recognizes revenue for the sale of goods when
control transfers to the customer, which primarily occurs at the time of shipment. The Company s historical rates of return are
insignificant as a percentage of sales and, as a result, the Company does not record a reserve for returns at the time the Company recognizes
revenue. The Company has elected to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes (e.g., sales, use, value added, and
certain excise taxes) that are assessed by a governmental authority in connection with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected
by the Company from the customer. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue net of sales taxes. The revenue and cost for freight and
shipping is recorded when control over the sale of goods passes to the Company s customers. 

The
Company also has performance obligations to perform certain engineering services that are satisfied over a period of time. Revenue is
recognized from this type of performance obligation as services are rendered based on the percentage completion towards certain specified
milestones. 

The
Company offers assurance-type warranties for its products and products manufactured by others to meet specifications defined by the contracts
with customers and does not have any material separate performance obligations related to these warranties. The Company maintains a warranty
reserve based on historical warranty costs. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

In accordance with ASC 606-10-50-5
through 6, the Company considered the appropriate level of disaggregated revenue information that depicts how the nature, amount, timing,
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Additionally, per the implementation guidance in ASC 606-10-55-90
through 91, the Company also considered (a) disclosures presented outside of the financial statements such as earnings releases and investor
presentations, (b) information regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker for evaluating the financial performance of operating
segments and (c) other information that is similar to the types of information identified in (a) and (b) and that is used by the Company
or users of the Company s financial statements to evaluate financial performance or make resource allocation decisions. Finally,
we considered the examples of categories found in the guidance that might be appropriate, including: (a) type of good or service (major
product lines), (b) geographical region (country or region), (c) market or type of customer (government or non-government customers),
(d) type of contract (fixed-price or time-and-materials), (e) contract duration (short- or long-term), (f) timing of transfer of goods
or services (point-in-time or over time) and (g) sales channels (direct to customers or through intermediaries). 

Based on the aforementioned guidance
and considerations, the Company determined that disaggregation of revenue by sales, services and shipping and handling was required. 

Other
Judgments and Assumptions 

The
Company typically receives customer payments in advance of its performance of services or transfers of goods. Applying the practical
expedient in ASC 606-10-32-18, which the Company has elected, the Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the
effects of a significant financing component since the Company expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the Company
transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less. Accordingly,
the remaining performance obligations related to customer contracts does not consider the effects of the time value of money. 

Applying
the practical expedient in ASC 340-40-25-4, the Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred
since the amortization period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs include
certain sales commissions and incentives, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses, and are payable only when
associated revenue has been collected and earned by the Company. 

Contract
Assets and Contract Liabilities 

Contract
assets reflect revenue recognized and performance obligations satisfied in advance of customer billing. Contract liabilities relate to
payments received in advance of the satisfaction of performance under the contract. The Company receives payments from customers based
on the terms established in its contracts. 

Contract
assets include unbilled amounts where revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer and the right of payment is conditional,
subject to completing a milestone, such as a phase of a project. The Company typically does not have material amounts of contract assets
since revenue is recognized as control of goods are transferred or as services are performed. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
Company had no contract assets. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Contract
liabilities consist of advance payments in excess of revenue recognized. The Company s contract liabilities are recorded as a current
liability in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets since the timing of when the Company expects to recognize revenue is
generally less than one year. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, deferred revenue, which was classified as a current liability,
was and , respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue of related to the deferred revenue at January 1, 2022, or
 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized revenue of related to the deferred revenue at January 1,
2021, or . 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

Remaining
performance obligations, or backlog, represents the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining obligations
that the Company has not performed under its customer contracts. The Company has elected not to use the optional exemption in ASC 606-10-50-14,
which exempts an entity from such disclosures if a performance obligation is part of a contract with an original expected duration of
one year or less. Accordingly, the information disclosed about remaining performance obligations includes all customer contracts, including
those with an expected duration of one year or less. 

Industry
uncertainty, project financing concerns, and the licensing and qualification of our prospective customers, which are out of the Company s
control, make it difficult for the Company to predict when it will recognize revenue on its remaining performance obligations. There
are risks that the Company may not realize the full contract value on customer projects in a timely manner or at all, and completion
of a customer s cultivation facility project is dependent upon the customer s ability to secure funding and real estate,
obtain a license and then build their cultivation facility so they can take possession of the equipment. Accordingly, the time it takes
for customers to complete a project, which corresponds to when the Company is able to recognize revenue, is driven by numerous factors
including: (i) the large number of first-time participants interested in the indoor cannabis cultivation business; (ii) the complexities
and uncertainties involved in obtaining state and local licensure and permitting; (iii) local and state government delays in approving
licenses and permits due to lack of staff or the large number of pending applications, especially in states where there is no cap on
the number of cultivators; (iv) the customer s need to obtain cultivation facility financing; (v) the time needed, and coordination
required, for our customers to acquire real estate and properly design and build the facility (to the stage when climate control systems
can be installed); (vi) the large price tag and technical complexities of the climate control and air sanitation system; (vii) the availability
of power; and (viii) delays that are typical in completing any construction project. Further, based on the current economic climate,
the uncertainty regarding the COVID-19 virus, and the Company s recent cost cutting measures, there is no assurance that the Company
will be able to fulfill its backlog, and the Company may experience contract cancellations, project scope reductions and project delays. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining performance obligations, or backlog, was . There is significant uncertainty
regarding the timing of the Company s recognition of revenue on its remaining performance obligations, and there is no certainty
that these will result in actual revenues. The backlog at December 31, 2022, contains a booked sales order of (less than 1 of
the total backlog) from one customer that we believe is at risk of cancellation based on conversations with this customer. Given the
current supply chain and bottleneck issues that are still being worked through by the Company s supply chain partners, the Company
believes that some of its current contracts could be delayed. 

- 

Total remaining performance obligations 
 
 - 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

. The Company continues to assess the need to record a warranty reserve at the time of sale based on historical
claims and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had an accrued warranty reserve amount of 
and , respectively, which are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets. 

, and of the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Three customers accounted
for , and of the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company s accounts receivable from two customers made up and , respectively, of the total balance as of December 31, 2022.
The Company s accounts receivable from two customers made up , and , respectively, of the total balance as of December 31,
2021. 

Four
suppliers accounted for , , , and of the Company s purchases of inventory for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
three suppliers accounted for , and of the Company s purchases of inventory for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively, on product development. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

On
March 16, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board approved annual incentive compensation awards to certain
employees payable in non-qualified stock options, based on the Company s performance and each employee s contributions to
such performance for the 2021 year. The non-qualified stock options were granted, were not subject to an additional service requirement
and were immediately vested at the date of the grant. The final amount of the annual incentive compensation award, and number of non-qualified
stock options granted, were determined, and communicated to the employees. The estimated compensation expense of related to the
2021 incentive awards was accrued as of December 31, 2021. Since such incentive awards were settled in non-qualified stock options, the
accrued compensation expense was classified as a current liability until the number of non-qualified stock options was fixed pursuant
to a grant by the Board. At that time, the incentive awards of were classified to equity as stock options issued and recorded to paid-in
capital on April 1, 2022. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, 
 was recorded in respect of the 2022 annual incentive
compensation awards. The final amount of the awards was approved by the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors on March 22, 2023.
The number of non-qualified stock options to be granted will be determined on March 31, 2023, and communicated to the employees. The estimated
expense was accrued as accrued equity compensation in current liabilities at December 31, 2022. 

The
grant date fair value of stock options is based on the Black-Scholes Model. The Black-Scholes Model requires judgmental assumptions including
volatility and expected term, both based on historical experience. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury interest rates
whose term is consistent with the expected term of the option. 

The
grant date fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units is based on the closing price of the underlying stock on the date
of the grant. 

The
Company has elected to reduce share-based compensation expense for forfeitures as the forfeitures occur since the Company does not have
historical data or other factors to appropriately estimate the expected employee terminations and to evaluate whether particular groups
of employees have significantly different forfeiture expectations. 

Share-based
compensation costs (including expenses from the accrued compensation liabilities related to the annual incentive awards subsequently
settled in non-qualified stock options) totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such
share-based compensation costs are classified in the Company s consolidated financial statements in the same manner as if such
compensation was paid in cash. 

Advertising and marketing expenses 

Product development costs 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total share-based compensation expense included in consolidated statement of operations 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

and potential common share equivalents from Series B Preferred Stock, restricted stock units,
warrants, and options, respectively, were excluded from the diluted EPS calculations as their effect is anti-dilutive. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

operating segment that is dedicated to the manufacture and sale of its products. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Other
accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have
a material impact on the financial statements upon adoption. The Company does not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated
to have an impact on or are unrelated to its financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

square foot space for per month
 . On January 2, 2018, the leased space was expanded to square feet, and the monthly rental rate increased
to . Beginning September 1, 2018 and 2019, the monthly rent increased to and , respectively.
On each September 1 through the end of the lease, the monthly rent was to be increased by . Pursuant to the Boulder Facility Lease,
the Company made a security deposit of on July 31, 2017. The deposit of paid to the previous owner of the property was
forwarded to the current landlord. The Company had the option to renew the Boulder Facility Lease for an additional five years. Additionally,
the Company was to pay the actual amounts for property taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance. The Boulder Facility Lease agreement
contained customary events of default, representations, warranties, and covenants. 

Under
the Boulder Facility Lease, the landlord agreed to pay the Company or the Company s contractors for tenant improvements made by
the Company not to exceed , which were used for normal tenant improvements. The Company determined that these improvements were
not specialized and could be utilized by a subsequent tenant and, as such, the improvements were considered assets of the lessor. As
of January 1, 2019, the unamortized amount of tenant improvement allowance of was treated as a reduction in measuring the right-of-use
asset. 

Upon
adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2019, the Company recognized its Boulder Facility Lease on the balance sheet as an operating lease
right-of-use asset in the amount of and as a lease liability of . The lease liability was initially measured as the
present value of the unpaid lease payments at adoption and the ROU asset was initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial
amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments made at or before the lease adoption date, plus any initial direct costs incurred
less any lease incentives received. The renewal option to extend the Boulder Facility Lease was not included in the right-of-use asset
or lease liability, as the option was not reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company regularly evaluated the renewal option and
if it is reasonably certain of exercise, the Company would have included the renewal period in its lease term. 

During
2020, the Company entered into an agreement with its landlord to apply its rent deposit of to rent payments due during the period.
 . 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to sublease approximately square feet of its office and manufacturing space.
The sublease commenced on April 30, 2021 and was to continue on a month-to-month basis until either party gives 30-days notice.
Subject to the provision to terminate on 30-days notice, the sublease was to end upon termination of the Company s Boulder
Facility Lease Agreement with the landlord. Rent was initially charged at per month and increased to per month effective
July 1, 2021. The Sublessor was also responsible for its prorated share of utilities and other related costs. This new sublease did not
change the Company s legal relationship or financial obligations with its landlord. Consequently, the Company continued to be responsible
for all the remaining financial obligations under the Boulder Facility Lease agreement with the landlord. Accordingly, entering into
the new sublease did not impact the carrying value of the Company s operating lease right of use asset or operating lease liability.
Moreover, after an initial two-month transitional period, the rental rate per square foot under the new sublease was identical to the
rental rate per square foot for the Company s existing lease with its landlord which indicated that there was no impairment to
the carrying value of the Company s operating lease right of use asset. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

On
July 27, 2021, the Company entered into a Boulder Facility Lease Termination Agreement with its landlord for the square foot office
and manufacturing facility in Boulder, CO, which was previously contracted to expire on August 31, 2022. The termination provided for
the Company to vacate the facility no later than November 15, 2021. In exchange for early termination from its lease obligation, the
Company paid a nominal lease termination fee on July 28, 2021. The termination was also contingent upon a successor tenant executing
a new lease with the landlord and the Company paying the remaining deferred rent and security deposit amounts. The landlord and successor
tenant entered into a lease agreement on July 27, 2021. The remaining deferred rent and security deposit was be paid in conjunction with
the final rent payment. As a result of the lease termination, effective November 15, 2021, the Company removed the outstanding balances
relating to the Boulder Facility Lease right of use asset and lease liability from its balance sheet and recorded a gain on lease
extinguishment which has been recognized in other income. 

The
New Facility Lease 

On
July 28, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to lease square feet of office and manufacturing space (the New Facility
Lease ), in Louisville, CO. . From November
2021 through January 2022, the monthly rent was abated. Beginning February 2022, the monthly rent is and will increase by 
annually every November through the end of the New Facility Lease term. Pursuant to the New Facility Lease, the Company made a security
deposit of . The Company has the option to renew the New Facility Lease for an additional five years. Additionally, the Company
pays the actual amounts for property taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance. The New Facility Lease agreement contains customary
events of default, representations, warranties, and covenants. 

Upon
commencement of the New Facility Lease, the Company recognized on the balance sheet an operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability
in the amount of . The lease liability was initially measured as the present value of the unpaid lease payments at commencement
and the ROU asset was initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments
made at or before the lease commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received. The renewal
option to extend the New Facility Lease is not included in the right-of-use asset or lease liability, as the option is not reasonably
certain to be exercised. The Company regularly evaluates the renewal option and when it is reasonably certain of exercise, the Company
will include the renewal period in its lease term. 

Operating lease liability, current 

Operating lease liability, long-term 

Remaining lease term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Discount rate 

Cash
paid during the year for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities is as follows: 

For the Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating cash outflow from operating lease 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

Work in progress 

Raw materials 

Allowance for excess obsolete inventory 

Inventory, net 

Overhead
expenses of and were included in the inventory balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Vehicles 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense amounted to for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which was allocated to cost of revenue, was allocated
to inventory, with the remainder recorded as selling, general and administrative expense. Depreciation expense amounted to for
the year ended December 31, 2021, of which was allocated to cost of revenue, was allocated to inventory, with the remainder
recorded as selling, general and administrative expense. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Trademarks 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Patents
when issued are amortized over years, and website development costs are amortized over . Trademarks are not amortized since
they have an indefinite life. Amortization expense for intangibles amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company wrote-off and , respectively, related to
patents that had been abandoned. 

Sales commissions payable 

Accrued payroll liabilities 

Product warranty accrual 

Other accrued expenses 

Total 

, for working capital
purposes. 

The
loan amount incurred interest at and was due on . The loan could have been repaid in advance without penalty. The
loan was also potentially forgivable in full provided proceeds were used for payment of payroll expenses, rent, utilities and mortgage
interest and certain other terms and conditions were met. If any portion of the loan was not forgiven, payments would commence 10 months
following the end of the 24-week deferral period. The loan had typical default provisions, including for change of ownership, general
lender insecurity as to repayment, non-payment of amounts due, defaults on other debt instruments, insolvency, dissolution or termination
of the business as a going concern and bankruptcy. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, interest of was accrued in respect of this note payable. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company received notice from the bank that its loan received on February 10, 2021, in the principal amount of
 and all accrued interest of , was fully forgiven. This gain on loan forgiveness was recorded as Other Income in the Statement
of Operations during the year. 

shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock ), stated value per share, convertible into shares of common stock, for
an aggregate purchase price of Consideration ). The Company received net proceeds of approximately 
on September 28, 2021, and the balance of approximately on November 4, 2021. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock had an annual dividend of and an initial common stock conversion price of . The conversion rate was
subject to adjustment in various circumstances, including stock splits, stock dividends, pro rata distributions, fundamental transactions
and upon a triggering event and subject to reset if the common stock of the Company sold in any subsequent equity transaction, including
a qualified offering, was sold at a price below the then conversion price. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock was mandatorily convertible on the third anniversary of its issuance. All conversions of the Series B Preferred
Stock were subject to a blocker provision of . 

. As a result, the Company recorded a 
non-cash redemption value adjustment during 2021. This redemption value adjustment is treated as similar to a dividend on the
preferred stock for GAAP purposes; accordingly, the redemption value adjustment was therefore added to the Net Loss to
arrive at Net Loss Attributable to Common Shareholders on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations.
In addition, since the Company did not have a balance of retained earnings, the redemption value adjustment of was recorded
against additional paid-in capital. 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company redeemed 
shares of its Series B Preferred Stock for payment of 
million in cash, which included both principal of million and accrued dividends of approximately . 

On
February 16, 2022, the remaining shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common
stock and warrants; of the warrants vested immediately, had an indefinite term and an exercise price of pre-funded
conversion warrants ), the balance of warrants also vested immediately, have a term of years and have an exercise price
of . The initial common stock conversion price for the shares of Series B Preferred Stock was . However, the terms of the Series
B preferred stock were such that the stock conversion price was to be reduced to of the offering price in any subsequent qualified
public offering of Company equity instruments, if lower than the common stock conversion price of . The Company s public offering
that closed on February 15, 2022, was completed at an offering price of . Accordingly, the initial common stock conversion price
for the shares of Series B Preferred Stock was reduced from to , representing of the offering price of . As a result,
the Company recognized a deemed dividend of to Series B Shareholders in respect of the additional shares of common stock and
warrants they received on the conversion of their shares of Series B Preferred stock. As the Company does not have a balance of retained
earnings, the deemed dividend was recorded against additional paid-in capital. 

The
Company has no shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

for up to 50 hours per month for the various consulting activities undertaken and provide for reimbursement of expenses.
The total amount paid on this agreement was . The term of the agreement was set for three months. Any intellectual property developed
by RSX will belong to the Company, and the contract provides for typical indemnification obligations and confidentiality provisions. 

The
company entered into a manufacturer representative agreement with RSX Enterprises in March 2021 to become a non-exclusive representative
for the Company to assist in marketing and soliciting orders. James R. Shipley, a current director of the Company, has a significant
ownership interest in RSX. 

Under
the manufacturer representative agreement, RSX will act as a non-exclusive representative for the Company within the United States, Canada
and Mexico and may receive a commission for qualified customer leads. The agreement has an initial term through December 31, 2021, with
automatic one-year renewal terms unless prior notice is given 90 days prior to each annual expiration. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company paid in commissions under this agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid 
in commissions under this agreement. 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Lone Star Bioscience, Inc. (Lone Star) to provide engineering design services.
Nicholas Etten, one of our independent directors, is the Chief Executive Officer of Lone Star. The agreement totaled with 
received as a deposit in 2022. Another agreement for engineering services was signed on December 20, 2022, in the amount of .
The cash deposit for this agreement was received in January of 2023 

shares of common stock of the Company, as part of the settlement. These shares were issued
on April 8, 2021, as restricted securities, subject to a lock-up agreement of six months, without registration rights,
and pursuant to a private placement exemption. The settlement agreement also included mutual releases and no admission of liability.
The cost to the Company of this settlement, , in total, has been recognized in full in Other Expenses during the year ended December
31, 2021. The issuance of the shares of common stock (valued at has been recognized in common stock issued during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

From
time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims. Litigation can be expensive
and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict, and the Company s
view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as
incurred. The Company records a liability for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount
of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the
Company s operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

Leases 

The
Company has a lease agreement for its manufacturing and office space. Refer to Note 3 Leases above. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Other
Commitments 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors,
business partners, and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company s
breach of such agreements, services to be provided by the Company, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties.
In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers and employees that
will require the Company to, among other things, indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status
or service as directors, officers, or employees. The Company maintains director and officer insurance, which may cover certain liabilities
arising from its obligation to indemnify its directors and certain of its officers and employees, and former officers, directors, and
employees of acquired companies, in certain circumstances. 

and shares of Preferred Stock authorized, respectively,
at a par value . 

Effective
January 17, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a reduction in the number of authorized shares of preferred stock from 
to shares of preferred stock. 

shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares of Series B Preferred Stock was issued
and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

As of
December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company has shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Effective
November 4, 2021, the Company redeemed all shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding for the issuance of 
shares of common stock. 

The 
excess in the fair value of the shares of common stock issued over the book value of the shares of Series A
Preferred Stock redeemed has been accounted for as a deemed dividend to Series A Preferred shareholders. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company has and shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

As
further described in Note 9 Temporary Equity above, on September 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Investor
purchased from the Company shares of Series B Preferred Stock with a stated value of per share, or of stated
value in the aggregate Series B Preferred Stock ), and a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock of the
Company Investor Warrant ), for an aggregate purchase price of Consideration ). 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company redeemed 
shares of its Series B Preferred Stock for payment of 
million in cash, which included both principal of million and accrued dividends of approximately . 

On
February 16, 2022, the remaining shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common
stock and warrants; of the warrants vested immediately, had an indefinite term and an exercise price of pre-funded
conversion warrants ), the balance of warrants also vested immediately, have a term of years and have an exercise price
of . 

Consequently,
as of December 31, 2022, shares of Series B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

Authorized
Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company was authorized to issue and shares of common stock,
respectively, with a par value of per share. 

Effective
November 3, 2021, the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from to . 

Effective
January 17, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a reduction in the number of authorized shares of common stock from
 to shares of common stock. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Reverse
Split 

The par value for the Common Stock was not affected. 

As
a result of this reverse stock split, the number of the Company s shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2021, was reduced from to . 

All
Common Stock, warrants, options and per share amounts set forth herein are presented to give retroactive effect to the Reverse Split
for all periods presented. 

Issued
Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company has and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock as follows: 

On
 January 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in settlement of restricted stock units issued to newly appointed
 directors. 

On
 February 15, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock and warrants,
 each warrant to purchase one share of common stock for five years, exercisable immediately, at an exercise price of , for net
 proceeds of approximately million . 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock and warrants; of the warrants vested immediately,
had an indefinite term and an exercise price of pre-funded conversion warrants ), the balance of warrants
also vested immediately, have a term of years and have an exercise price of , on conversion of shares of the Company s
Series B Preferred Stock. 

On
 June 21, 2022, the Company issued shares on common stock on the cashless exercise pre-funded conversion warrants. 

Consequently,
effective December 31, 2022, shares
of common stock were issued and outstanding. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock as follows: 

On
 April 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, valued at as part of a legal settlements as further described
 in Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation above . 

On
 November 4, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, valued at to redeem shares of Series A Preferred
 Stock as further described in Note 12 Preferred and Common Stock Series A Preferred Stock above . 

On
 November 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock, valued at , to the CEO, pursuant to a new Executive
 Employment Agreement, under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan as further described in Note 14 Equity Incentive Plans below. 

On
 December 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock, valued at in settlement of dividends that
 had accrued on the Series A Preferred Stock. The gain on settlement of this related party liability has been recognized in
 additional paid in capital 

Consequently,
effective December 31, 2021, shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. 

As
further discussed in Note 16. Subsequent Events below: 

Effective
January 3, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in settlement of restricted
stock units issued to directors that vested immediately. 

Effective
January 17, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in settlement of restricted stock
units issued to newly appointed directors in 2022 that vested one year after issuance. 

Consequently,
as of the date of the issuance of these financial statements shares of our common stock are issued and outstanding. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

- 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Expired 

- 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 

warrants with an indefinite life. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Q1
2022 Investor Warrants 

On
February 15, 2022, the Company issued 
 investment units for aggregate gross proceeds
of ,
or 
 per unit. Each unit consisted of one share of
the Company s common stock and one warrant for the purchase of one share of the Company s common stock. The warrants vested
immediately, have a term of 
 years and an exercise price of . 

Q1
2022 Overallotment Warrants 

Further
on February 15, 2022, in connection with the Company s issuance of 
 investment units for aggregate gross proceeds
of ,
or 
 per unit as described above, a further 
 warrants were issued in connection with the subscription
for substantially all of the available 15 overallotment warrants. The warrants were acquired for consideration of 
 per warrant, vested immediately, have a term
of 
 years and an exercise price of . 

Q1
2022 Underwriter Warrants 

Further
on February 15, 2022, in connection with the Company s issuance of 
 investment units for aggregate gross proceeds
of ,
or 
 per unit described above, the Company also issued
representatives of the underwriters 
 warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of ,
during the period commencing August 9, 2022, and expiring on February 10, 2027. 

Q1
2022 Series B Preferred Shares Pre-Funded Conversion Warrants 

On
February 16, 2022, in connection with the conversion of 
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock into 
 shares of the Company s common stock, the
Series B Preferred Shareholder was issued 
 pre-funded conversion warrants. Each warrant
entitled the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of ,
vested immediately and had an indefinite life. 

On
June 21, 2022, the holder of all 
 pre-funded conversion warrants exercised all
of their warrants on a cashless basis and received 
 shares of the Company s common stock as
a result of the exercise. 

No
pre-funded conversion warrants remained outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

Q1
2022 Series B Preferred Shares Conversion Warrants 

Further
on February 16, 2022, in connection with the conversion of 
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock into 
 shares of the Company s common stock, the
Series B Preferred Shareholder was also issued with 
 Series B Preferred shares conversion warrants.
Each warrant entitled the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of ,
vested immediately and had a term of 
 years. 

Q3
 2021 Warrants Issued to Series B Preferred Stockholder 

On
September 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor, pursuant to which the investor
purchased from the Company 
 shares of convertible Series B Preferred Stock
with a stated value of 
 per share, or 
 of stated value in the aggregate, and a warrant
to purchase up to 
 shares of common stock of the Company for an
aggregate purchase price of .
The warrant is exercisable until September 28, 2024, at an exercise price of ,
subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and other typical adjustments and changes in capitalization, including mergers
and acquisitions and distribution of rights. 

Q3
2021 Warrants Issued to Series B Preferred Placement Agent 

In
connection with the sale of the shares of convertible Series B Preferred Stock described above, the Company issued 
 warrants to the placement agent and its designees.
Half of the warrants were issued on September 28, 2021, and the second half were issued on November 3, 2021, and are exercisable commencing
February 28, 2022 and May 3, 2022, respectively, until September 28, 2024 and November 3, 2024, respectively. The exercise price per
share of the warrants is ,
subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and other typical adjustments and changes in capitalization, including mergers
and acquisitions and distribution of rights. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

, payable quarterly in advance on the first business day of each
calendar quarter, retroactive commencing July 1, 2021, as consideration for their participation in: (i) any regular and special meetings
of the Board and any committee participation and meetings thereof that are attended in person, (ii) any telephonic and other forms of
electronic meetings of the Board or of any committee thereof in which the director is a member, (iii) any non-meeting consultations with
the Company s management, and (iv) any other services provided by them in their capacities as directors. In addition, on the first
business day of January each year after the Effective Date, each independent director will receive a grant of Non-Qualified Stock Options
valued at . As part of the retroactive compensation, each independent director on the Board as of the Effective Date will receive
an additional grant of Non-Qualified Stock Options valued at for service in 2021. 

On
January 17, 2022, the Board of Directors revised the previously adopted compensation plan. This plan supersedes the plan adopted on August
20, 2021. The Plan is effective retroactively for the current independent directors and for independent directors elected or appointed
after the Effective Date. 

The
plan is divided into two phases: from the Effective Date of the Plan until February 9, 2022, the day prior to the uplisting of the Company
to Nasdaq. Pre-uplist and from February 10, 2022, the uplist date forward Post-uplist ). 

Pre-uplist
phase: The Company paid its independent directors an annual cash fee of , payable quarterly in advance on the first business day
of each quarter, as consideration for their participation in: (i) any regular or special meetings of the Board or any committee thereof
attended in person, (ii) any telephonic meeting of the Board or any committee thereof in which the director is a member, (iii) any non-meeting
consultations with the Company s management, and (iv) any other services provided by them in their capacities as directors (other
than services as the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Company s Audit Committee, and the Committee Chairman). 

At
the time of initial election or appointment, each independent director received an equity retention award in the form of restricted stock
units RSUs ). The aggregate value of the RSUs at the time of grant was to be , with the number of shares underlying
the RSUs to be determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date immediately prior to the date of
grant. . 

In
addition, on the first business day of January each year, each independent director will also receive an equity retention award in the
form of RSUs. The aggregate value of the RSUs at the time of grant will be , with the number of shares underlying the RSUs to
be determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date immediately prior to the date of grant. These
RSUs will be fully vested at date of grant. 

The
Company pays the Audit Committee Chairman an additional annual fee of , payable quarterly in advance, for services as the Audit
Committee Chairman. 

The
Company pays the Chairmen of any other committees of the Board an additional annual fee of , payable quarterly in advance, for
services as a Committee Chairman. 

There
is no additional compensation paid to members of any committee of the Board. Interested (i.e. Executive directors) serving on the Board
do not receive compensation for their Board service. 

Post-uplist
phase: The Company will pay its independent directors an annual cash fee of , payable quarterly in advance on the first business
day of each quarter. All other terms remain the same. 

Each
director is responsible for the payment of any and all income taxes arising with respect to the issuance of common stock and the vesting
and settlement of RSUs. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

The
Company reimburses independent directors for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings and undertaking
certain matters on the Company s behalf. 

All
independent directors, Messrs. Shipley, Etten, Reisner, and Mariathasan are subject to the Plan. 

Each
independent director is responsible for the payment of any and all income taxes arising with respect to the issuance of any equity awarded
under the plan, including the exercise of any non-qualified stock options. 

Employee
directors do not receive separate fees for their services as directors. 

2017
Equity Incentive Plan 

Under
the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be modified and amended by the Company from time to time (the 2017 Equity
Plan ), the Board of Directors (the Board (or the compensation committee of the Board, if one is established) may
award stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock unit
awards RSUs ), shares granted as a bonus or in lieu of another award, and other stock-based performance awards. The 2017
Equity Plan allocates shares of the Company s common stock Plan Shares for issuance of equity awards under
the 2017 Equity Plan. If any shares subject to an award are forfeited, expire, or otherwise terminate without issuance of such shares,
the shares will, to the extent of such forfeiture, expiration, or termination, again be available for awards under the 2017 Equity Plan. 

As of
December 31, 2022, of the shares authorized under the 2017 Equity Plan, relate to restricted shares issued, relate
to outstanding non-qualified stock options and shares remain available for future equity awards. 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
March 22, 2021, the Board approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Equity Plan ), which was approved by the stockholders
on July 22, 2021. The 2021 Equity Plan permits the Board to grant awards of up to shares of common stock. The 2021 Plan provides
for the grant of incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ), non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards and restricted
stock unit awards and other equity linked awards to our employees, consultants and directors. If an equity award (i) expires or otherwise
terminates without having been exercised in full or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the holder of the award receives cash rather
than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of common stock that
may be issued pursuant to this Plan. 

Equity
Incentive Plan Issuances During 2022 

- Issued
 shares of its common stock to two new independent directors under the 2021 Equity Incentive
 Plan, pursuant to the Director Compensation plan adopted in January 2022. 

- Granted
 awards for non-qualified stock options to newly hired employees and stock options
 were cancelled under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

- Granted
 awards for non-qualified stock options to directors under the 2021 Equity Incentive
 Plan, pursuant to the Director Compensation plan adopted in August of 2021. 

- Issued 
 non-qualified stock options were issued to 21 employees in respect of the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan.
 The options vested immediately, have a term of 
 years and an exercise price of .
 The expense in respect of this issuance had been fully accrued in 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, of the shares authorized under the 2021 Equity Plan, relate to restricted shares issued, 
relate to outstanding non-qualified stock options, relate to outstanding incentive stock options, relate to outstanding
restricted stock units and shares remain available for future equity awards. 

There
was in unrecognized compensation expense for unvested non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options and restricted stock
units at December 31, 2022 which will be recognized over approximately years. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

As
further discussed in Note 16 Subsequent Events below, effective January 3, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock
 in settlement of restricted stock units issued to directors that vested immediately. Further
on January 17, 2023, the Company issued a further shares of common stock in settlement of
restricted stock units issued to newly appointed directors in 2022 that vested one year after issuance. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

No
shares of restricted stock were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company awarded shares of restricted stock under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan with a value
of to the Chief Executive Officer in accordance with a new Executive Employment Agreement effective November 24, 2021. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes Model to determine the fair value of options granted. Option-pricing models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions, particularly for the expected stock price volatility and the expected term of options. Changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate. The expected stock price volatility assumptions are based on the historical
volatility of the Company s common stock over periods that are similar to the expected terms of grants and other relevant factors.
The Company derives the expected term based on an average of the contract term and the vesting period taking into consideration the vesting
schedules and future employee behavior with regard to option exercise. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury yields for
a maturity approximating the expected term calculated at the date of grant. The Company has never paid any cash dividends on its common
stock and the Company has no intention to pay a dividend at this time; therefore, the Company assumes that no dividends will be paid
over the expected terms of option awards. 

The
Company determines the assumptions used in the valuation of option awards as of the date of grant. Differences in the expected stock
price volatility, expected term or risk-free interest rate may necessitate distinct valuation assumptions at those grant dates. As such,
the Company may use different assumptions for options granted throughout the year. The valuation assumptions used to determine the fair
value of each option award on the date of grant were: expected stock price volatility - ; expected term of - years
and risk-free interest rate - . 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Employee
and Consultant Options 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Vested 

- 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nonvested, December 31, 2021 

- 

Granted 

- 

Vested 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nonvested, December 31, 2022 

- 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and as compensation expense related to vested options
issued to employees and consultants, net of forfeitures, respectively. The expense for 2022 was comprised of for non-qualified
stock options and for incentive stock options. As of December 31, 2022, there was in unrecognized share-based compensation
related to unvested options. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Director
Options 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

Granted 

- 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nonvested, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 

- 

Vested 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nonvested, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, as compensation expense related to
 and vested options, respectively, issued to directors. As of December 31, 2022, there was no unrecognized share-based compensation
related to unvested options. 

Effective
January 3, 2022, the Company issued non-qualified stock options under the 2021 Equity Plan to its then current directors. The options
vested upon grant. The options have a term of years and an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s common
stock on The OTC Markets on the day immediately preceding the grant date. 

Effective
August 20, 2021, the Company issued non-qualified stock options under the 2021 Equity Plan to its directors. The options vested
upon grant. The options have a term of years and an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock
on The OTC Markets on the day immediately preceding the grant date of . 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Restricted
Stock Units 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested and settled with share issuance 

- 
 
 Forfeited/canceled 

- 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Vested and settled with share issuance 

- 
 
 Forfeited/canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and as compensation expense related to vested RSUs issued
to employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, there was in unrecognized share-based compensation related to
unvested RSUs. 

As
further discussed in Note 16 Subsequent Events below, effective January 3, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in
settlement of restricted stock units issued to directors that vested immediately. Further on January 17, 2023, the Company issued
a further shares of common stock in settlement of restricted stock units issued to newly
appointed directors in 2022 that vested one year after issuance. 

States taxes, net of federal benefits 

Permanent differences 

True-up adjustments 

Adjustment to net operating loss 

Change in valuation allowance 

Reported income tax (benefit) expense 
 - 
 - 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

Equity compensation 

Other deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Other deferred tax liabilities 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has U.S. federal and state net operating losses NOLs of approximately ,
of which will expire, if not utilized, in the years . The balance of NOLs generated subsequent
to December 31, 2017 do not expire but may only be used against taxable income to . In addition, pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, use of the Company s NOLs carryforwards may be limited in the event of cumulative changes in
ownership of more than within a . In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code ), and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which
is generally defined as a greater than change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s
ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or
taxes may be limited. 

As
further discussed in Note 12 Preferred and Common Stock in our consolidated financial statements below, effective February 15,
2022, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million in respect to the sale of shares of its common stock together
with warrants. The Company issued a further warrants to its placement agent: in respect of their fees and
 on the exercise of the substantial majority of the overallotment available to them. The warrants issued in respect
of the placement agent s fees vest after six months, have a term of 5 years and an exercise price of . The warrants
issued in respect of the overallotment vest immediately, have a term of 5 years and an exercise price of . 

These
securities sales and our September 2021 securities sales as described in Note 9 Temporary Equity above will also have to be taken
into account for determination of any ownership change that we have undergone during a determination period. If an ownership
change occurs and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future post tax results
by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. 

The
Company must assess the likelihood that its net deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and to the extent the
Company believes that recovery is not likely, the Company establishes a valuation allowance. Management s judgment is required
in determining the Company s provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded
against the net deferred tax assets. The Company recorded a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Based on the available
evidence, the Company believes it is more likely than not that it will not be able to utilize its net deferred tax assets in the foreseeable
future. The Company intends to maintain valuation allowances until sufficient evidence exists to support the reversal of such valuation
allowances. The Company makes estimates and judgments about its future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent
with the Company s plans. Should the actual amounts differ from the Company s estimates, the carrying value of the Company s
deferred tax assets could be materially impacted. 

The
Company is subject to examination by the IRS for the calendar year 2018 and thereafter. These examinations may lead to ordinary course
adjustments or proposed adjustments to the Company s taxes or the Company s net operating losses with respect to years under
examination as well as subsequent periods. 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

 (in
US Dollars except share numbers) 

The
Company recognizes in its consolidated financial statements the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely than not of
being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties
accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of operating expense. The Company does not believe there are any tax positions
for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within
twelve months of the reporting date. There were no penalties or interest liabilities accrued as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, nor were
any penalties or interest costs included in expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of common stock in settlement of restricted
stock units issued to directors that vested immediately. 

Effective
January 17, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in settlement of restricted stock
units issued to newly appointed directors in 2022 that vested one year after issuance. 

Consequently,
as of the date of the issuance of these financial statements shares of our common stock are issued and outstanding. 

Workforce
Reduction 

The
Company has experienced a decline in activity, as indicated in its 2022 sales and its current backlog. This decline is due to many factors,
including (i) recent challenges in the cannabis market, (ii) continued supply chain-related delays and cancellations that have affected
many of its vendors and partners, and (iii) a broader slowdown in the macroeconomic environment. 

As
a result of this decline in activity, the Company evaluated its current operations, personnel needs and liquidity to make sure our personnel
levels match the activity we expect to service over the next several months. On February 21, 2023, we implemented a downsizing of our
operations, including a 32 reduction in our workforce, and significant non-personnel cost reductions in order to preserve our cash resources
and better reflect our activity levels. 

We
believe these efforts are necessary and will help focus our existing operations on delivering value for customers of both our equipment
sales and project management activities. In the meantime, we continue aggressive efforts to increase liquidity and reduce costs and will
take additional actions as market conditions warrant. 

F- 35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CEA
 INDUSTRIES INC. 

(the
 Registrant 

Dated:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Anthony K. McDonald 

Anthony
 K. McDonald 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ian K. Patel 

Ian
 K. Patel 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Anthony K. McDonald 

Anthony
 K. McDonald, Chairman of the Board 

Dated:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James R. Shipley 

James
 R. Shipley, Director 

Dated:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Nicholas J. Etten 

Nicholas
 J. Etten, Director 

Dated:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Troy Reisner 

Troy
 Reisner, Director 

Dated:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Marion Mariathasan 

Marion
 Mariathasan, Director 

60 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

1.1 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement, dated as of 2022 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registration Statement on form S-1 as filed on February 4, 2022). 

3.1(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed on January 28, 2010). 

3.1(b) 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018). 

3.1(c) 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on May 12, 2014). 

3.1(d) 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on September 30, 2021). 

3.1(e) 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to increase capitalization and redeem Class A Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

3.1(f) 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to change corporate name (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2021). 

3.1(g) 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to affect a reverse split and fix the new capitalization of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1to the Current Report filed on February 1, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 28, 2010). 

4.2 
 
 Form of the Underwriter Representative Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 4, 2022). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021, by and between Registrant and ThinkEquity and designees (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement for the Public Warrants between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, dated February 10, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 31, 2022). 

4.6 
 
 Form of Public Warrant, issued February 10, 2022, with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 31, 2022). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant issued February 10, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 31, 2022). 

4.8 
 
 Description of Capital Stock. 

10.1+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Anthony K. McDonald dated effective November 24, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 26, 2021). 

10.2+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Ian K. Patel, dated March 11, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 15, 2022). 

10.3+ 
 
 CEA Industries Inc, formerly Surna Inc., 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 3, 2017). 

10.4 
 
 Stock Repurchase Agreement by and among the Company, Brandy M. Keen and Stephen B. Keen dated May 29, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 31, 2018). 

61 

10.5 
 
 Preferred Stock Option Agreement by and among the Company, Brandy M. Keen and Stephen B. Keen dated May 29, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 31, 2018). 

10.6 
 
 CEA Industries Inc,, formerly Surna Inc., 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit B to the Proxy Statement of the Registrant, for the annual meeting to be held May 28, 2021 filed on April 7, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021, by and between Registrant and the institutional investor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021, by and between Registrant and the institutional investor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021, by and between Registrant and ThinkEquity (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Code and Ethics adopted February 13, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2018). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Sadler, Gibb Associates, L.L.C., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, relating to Registration Statement on Form S-8. 

31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ 
 Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

62 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 ex4-8.htm

Exhibit
4.8 

Description
of Securities 

Description
of Capital Stock 

General 

The
following is a summary of information concerning capital stock of CEA Industries Inc. Company as of March 29, 2022. The
summaries and descriptions below do not purport to be complete statements of the relevant provisions of the Company s Articles
of Incorporation Charter and Amended and Restated By-laws (the By-laws and are entirely qualified by these
documents. 

Common
Stock Common Stock 

Our
articles of incorporation, as amended on January 27, 2022, currently authorizes us to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock. 

Subject
to prior dividend rights of the holders of any shares of issued and outstanding preferred stock of the Company, holders of shares of
common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Board out of funds legally available for that purpose. 

Each
share of common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of shares of common stock do
not have cumulative voting rights. The holders of a majority of the shares of common stock present and entitled to vote in the election
of directors can elect all directors standing for election. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, after the satisfaction in full of the liquidation preferences
of holders of any shares of issued and outstanding preferred stock, holders of shares of common stock are entitled to ratable distribution
of the remaining assets available for distribution to stockholders. The shares of common stock are not subject to redemption by operation
of a sinking fund or otherwise. Holders of shares of common stock are not currently entitled to pre-emptive rights. 

The
issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Any additional shares of common stock that the Company
may issue in the future will also be fully paid and non-assessable. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
articles of incorporation, as amended, authorizes us to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.00001.
We may issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more series, without shareholder approval, when authorized by our Board. No
shares of preferred stock are outstanding. 

The
specific terms of any series of preferred stock will be governed by our articles of incorporation and by the certificate of designations
relating to that series. The Board has the right, without prior approval of the holders of common stock, subject to any rights of currently
issued preferred stock, to specify any and all terms of a series of preferred stock, including the rank, dividend and distribution rights,
voting rights, liquidation rights and redemption, conversion and preemption rights. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect
of restricting dividends on our common stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our
common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of us, all without further action by our stockholders. 

September
2021 Warrants 

As
part of the purchase of the Series B Preferred Stock in September 2021, which is now fully converted and redeemed, the Company issued
a warrant to purchase up to 192,982 shares of common stock, until September 28, 2024 at an initial exercise price of 9.45, subject to
adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and other typical adjustments and changes in capitalization, including mergers and acquisitions
and distribution of rights. This warrant provides for cashless exercise if the underlying shares of common stock are not registered for
resale by the holder. This warrant is subject to the registration rights agreement described below. This warrant provides for various
penalties payable by the Company if it does not timely deliver the common stock issuable on exercise, and issuances upon exercise are
subject to a 4.99 blocker provision. 

The
Company also issued to ThinkEquity LLC and its designees placement agent warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 34,737 shares of
common stock as part of the compensation due to ThinkEquity LLC in acting as the placement agent for the transaction in which we issued
the Series B Preferred Stock, now fully converted and redeemed. Half of the warrants were issued on September 28, 2021, and the second
half were issued on November 3, 2021. The exercise price per share of the placement agent warrants is 10.40, subject to adjustment for
stock splits, stock dividends and other typical adjustments and changes in capitalization, including mergers and acquisitions and distribution
of rights. The warrants are exercisable for three years, September 28, 2024 and November 3, 2024, based on the issuance date. The placement
agent warrants have registration rights described below and may be included on the registration statement provided to the holder of the
Series B Preferred Stock for registration of the common stock underlying the preferred shares and the investor warrant. 

Registration
Rights 

The
Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the then holder of the Series B Preferred Stock. Under the agreement, the Company
is obliged to register the common stock underlying and issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, now converted, and exercise
of the warrant issued to the holder of the then Series B Preferred Stock. The Company is obligated to file a registration statement for
resale of the common stock no later than 180 days after the date of a qualified offering, and have it effective 225 days after the Qualified
Offering if there is no SEC review of the resale registration statement, and if there is an SEC review, then 255 days after the date
of the qualified offering. The Company is to keep the registration effective until all the shares registered have been sold or may be
sold under Rule 144, without regard to volume and holding period restrictions. Securities of other holders may not be included on any
registration statement for the securities of the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock, except those of holders of the warrants issued
to ThinkEquity LLC and its designees, and there are the typical cut back provisions for any limitation of the number of shares of common
stock that may be included thereon due to SEC policy. The registration rights agreement also has demand and piggyback registration rights.
The registration rights agreement provides for substantive cash penalties due to the Investor if any of the obligations to register shares
are not fulfilled on a timely basis. The registration rights agreement provides for typical securities indemnification to the holders
in respect of the registration statement. 

The
warrants issued to ThinkEquity LLC also have registration rights. The holders of these warrants have one demand registration right, upon
the request of 51 of the warrants outstanding, and unlimited piggyback registration rights for 7 years after the issuance date. If there
is a demand for registration, the Company is obligated to file a registration statement within sixty days and use its reasonable best
efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter. 

Public
Warrants February 2022 

On
February 10, 2022, we issued in a public offering an aggregate of 5,811,138 warrants to investors. The warrants are traded on Nasdaq
under the symbol CEADW. The warrants are exercisable for shares of our common stock, and all of such shares currently are registered
for issuance upon the exercise of the warrants. Currently, the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be acquired upon exercise
of the warrants is 5,811,138 shares of common stock. 

Form.
The warrants will be issued in electronic book-entry form to the investors. 

Exercisability.
The warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance, and at any time up to the date that is five years after their
original issuance. The warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering to us a duly executed
exercise notice and, at any time a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of common stock underlying the warrants
under the Securities Act is effective and available for the issuance of such shares, by payment in full in immediately available funds
for the number of shares of common stock purchased upon such exercise. If a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares
of common stock underlying the warrants under the Securities Act is not effective or available, the holder may, in its sole discretion,
elect to exercise the warrant through a cashless exercise, in which case the holder would receive upon such exercise the net number of
shares of common stock determined according to the formula set forth in the warrant. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued
in connection with the exercise of a warrant. In lieu of fractional shares, we will pay the holder an amount in cash equal to the fractional
amount multiplied by the exercise price or round up to the next whole share. 

Exercise
Limitation. A holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates) would
beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise,
as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the warrants. However, any holder may increase or decrease
such percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 upon at least 61 days prior notice from the holder to us. 

Exercise
Price. The exercise price per whole share of common stock purchasable upon exercise of the warrants is 5.00 per share of common stock.
The exercise price is also subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits,
stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including
cash, stock or other property to our stockholders. 

Transferability.
Subject to applicable laws, the warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Fundamental
Transactions. In the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization
or reclassification of our common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets,
our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding common stock, or any person
or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding common stock, the holders of the warrants
will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders
would have received had they exercised the warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

Rights
as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise provided in the warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our common
stock, the holder of a warrant does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our common stock, including any voting rights, until
the holder exercises the warrant. 

Pre-Funded
Warrants 

The
following summary of certain terms and provisions of the pre-funded warrant that we issued as part of the conversion of the Series B
Preferred Stock, which took place February 10, 2022. We issued a pre-funded warrant to purchase up to 170,382 shares of common stock. 

Duration
and Exercise Price. The pre-funded warrant was issued for 4.99 and has an initial exercise price per share equal to 0.01. The pre-funded
warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full, or they expire.
The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of stock
dividends, stock splits, reorganizations or similar events affecting our common stock and the exercise price. 

Exercisability.
The pre-funded warrant is, at the option of the holder, in whole or in part, by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice accompanied
by payment in full for the number of shares of our common stock purchased upon such exercise (except in the case of a cashless exercise
as discussed below). There is no expiration date for the pre-funded warrants. A holder (together with its affiliates) may not exercise
any portion of the pre-funded warrant to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99 (or at the election of the holder prior
to the issuance of any pre-funded warrants, 9.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock immediately after exercise. Any holder may
increase such percentage to any percentage not in excess of 9.99 upon at least 61 days prior notice to us. No fractional shares
of common stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of a pre-funded warrant. In lieu of fractional shares of common stock,
we will pay the holder an amount in cash equal to the fractional amount multiplied by the exercise price of such pre-funded warrant or
round up to the next whole share. 

Cashless
Exercise. In lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to us upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate exercise
price, the holder may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part) the net number of shares of common stock
determined according to a formula set forth in the pre-funded warrants. 

Fundamental
Transaction. In the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the pre-funded warrants and generally including any reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification of our common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our
properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding shares
of common stock, or any person or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding shares
of common stock, the holders of the pre-funded warrants will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the pre-funded warrants the kind
and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have received had they exercised the pre-funded warrants immediately
prior to such fundamental transaction. 

Transferability.
Subject to applicable laws, a pre-funded warrant may be transferred at the option of the holder upon surrender of the pre-funded warrant
to us together with the appropriate instruments of transfer. 

Exchange
Listing. The pre-funded warrant is not listed on any securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system. 

Rights
as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise provided in the pre-funded warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of
our common stock, the holders of the pre-funded warrants do not have the rights or privileges of holders of our common stock, including
any voting rights, until they exercise their pre-funded warrants. 

On
June 21, 2022, the holder of all 170,382 pre-funded conversion warrants exercised all of their warrants on a cashless basis and received
169,530 shares of the Company s common stock as a result of the exercise. 

No
pre-funded conversion warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Representative s
Warrants 

Upon
closing of our offering of shares and warrants in February 2022, we issued to the Representative of the underwriters, and its designees,
as compensation, several warrants to purchase up to 290,557 shares of common stock, which was equal to 5 of the aggregate number of
shares of common stock sold in the offering. The Representative s Warrants are exercisable at a per share exercise price of 5.1625.
The Representative s Warrants are five-year warrants, exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, commencing
180 days from the effective date of the registration statement of the aforementioned offering. The exercise price and number of shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend or our recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrant exercise price or underlying shares will not be adjusted for issuances
of shares of common stock at a price below the warrant exercise price. 

The
Representative Warrants have a one-time demand registration right that may be exercised within five years from the effective date of
the registration statement for the aforementioned offering and unlimited piggyback registration rights provided they will not be exercised
after seven years from the effective date of the registration statement for the aforementioned offering. We will bear all fees and expenses
attendant to registering the securities issuable on exercise of the warrants other than underwriting commissions incurred and payable
by the holders. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SIGNIFICANT
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

The
following are the significant subsidiaries of CEA Industries Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and the states or jurisdictions in which they
are organized. Except as otherwise specified, in each case CEA Industries Inc. owns, directly or indirectly, 100 of the voting securities
of each subsidiary. 

Name 
 
 State
 or jurisdiction of Entity 
 
 Hydro
 Innovations, LLC 
 
 Colorado 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

CEA
Industries Inc. 

 Louisville,
CO 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in each of the Registration Statement of CEA
Industries Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-219674) pertaining to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and Form
S-8 (No.333-263955) pertaining to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan of our report dated March 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial
statements of CEA Industries Inc. , which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC | 

Draper,
 UT 

March
 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Anthony K. McDonald, the Chief Executive Officer of CEA Industries Inc. certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CEA Industries Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated
this 28 th day of March 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Anthony K. McDonald 

Anthony
 K. McDonald 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Ian K. Patel, the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of CEA Industries Inc. certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CEA Industries Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated
this 28 th day of March 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ian K. Patel 

Ian
 K. Patel 
 Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of CEA Industries Inc.
(the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Anthony K. McDonald, the
Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant. 

/s/
 Anthony K. McDonald 

Name: 
 Anthony
 K. McDonald, 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March
 28, 2023 

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be
deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of CEA Industries Inc.
(the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ian K. Patel, the Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant. 

/s/
 Ian K. Patel 

Name: 
 Ian
 K. Patel, 
 Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 March
 28, 2023 

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be
deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cead-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cead-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cead-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cead-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

