<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230210_10-K_edgar_data_1408198_0001408198-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13924372</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>560955</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2284429</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5205750</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2947809</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2663332</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001408198-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230210162855
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001408198-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MSCI Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				134038723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33812
		FILM NUMBER:		23612462

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WORLD TRADE CENTER
		STREET 2:		250 GREENWICH STREET, 49TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-804-3990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WORLD TRADE CENTER
		STREET 2:		250 GREENWICH STREET, 49TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001408198-23-000011.txt : 20230210

10-K
 1
 msci-20221231.htm
 10-K

msci-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 
 ________________________________________________________ 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (based on the closing price of these securities as reported by The New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022) was . Shares of Common Stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant are not included in the computation. However, the registrant has made no determination that such individuals are affiliates within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 As of February 3, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 88 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 88 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 89 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 89 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 90 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 90 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 90 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 91 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 91 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 92 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 95 
 
 Except as the context otherwise indicates, the terms MSCI, the Company, we, our and us refer to MSCI Inc. together with its subsidiaries. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us, as well as those owned by others. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics, IPD, Real Capital Analytics, Datscha and other MSCI brands and product names are the trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of MSCI, its subsidiaries or licensors in the United States and other jurisdictions. 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 We have included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and from time to time may make in our public filings, press releases or other public statements, certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements. In addition, our management may make forward-looking statements to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and represent only MSCI s beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as may, could, expect, intend, plan, seek, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Statements concerning our financial position, business strategy and plans or objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond our control and that could materially affect our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Such risks and uncertainties include those set forth under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if MSCI s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from what MSCI projected. Any forward-looking statement reflects our current views with respect to future events levels of activity, performance or achievements and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. 
 The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the time they are made and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. MSCI assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Therefore, readers should carefully review the risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other reports or documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and solutions for the global investment community. Our mission-critical offerings help investors address the challenges of a transforming investment landscape and power better investment decisions. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data and technology, we enable our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. 
 Investors all over the world use our research-driven and technology-enabled tools and solutions to gain insights and improve transparency throughout their investment processes. Our tools and solutions help investors define their investment universe; inform and analyze their asset allocation and portfolio construction decisions; measure and manage portfolio performance and risk; implement sustainable, climate-focused and other investment strategies; conduct performance attribution; construct and manage exchange traded funds ETFs and other indexed financial products; and facilitate reporting to stakeholders. 
 Our products and services include indexes; portfolio construction and risk management tools; environmental, social and governance ESG and climate solutions; and real estate market and transaction data and analysis. We are increasingly focused on open and flexible technology, and our content and capabilities can be accessed by our clients through multiple channels and platforms. 
 We aim to anticipate the needs of the investment industry with our client-centric focus and our deep understanding of our clients workflows, challenges and goals. We are focused on product innovation and data collection to address the evolving needs of an increasingly complex industry. In order to most effectively serve our clients, we are committed to advancing an integrated approach to our offerings, achieving service excellence, enhancing our differentiated research and content, and delivering our solutions via flexible, cutting-edge technology. 
 Clients 
 Our clients comprise a wide spectrum of the global investment industry and include the following key client types: 
 Asset owners (including pension funds, endowments, foundations, central banks, sovereign wealth funds, family offices and insurance companies) 
 Asset managers (including managers of institutional funds and accounts, mutual funds, hedge funds, ETFs, insurance products, private banking products and real estate investment trusts) 
 Financial intermediaries (including banks, broker-dealers, exchanges, custodians, trust companies, fund administrators and investment consultants) 
 Wealth managers (including robo-advisors and self-directed brokerages) 
 Real Estate Professionals (including real estate brokers, agents, developers, lenders and appraisers) 
 Corporates (including public and private companies and their advisors) 
 As of December 31, 2022 we served over 6,600 clients 1 in more than 95 countries. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our largest client organization by revenue, BlackRock, accounted for 10.3 of our consolidated operating revenues, with 95.2 of the operating revenues from BlackRock coming from fees based on the assets in BlackRock s ETFs that are based on our indexes. 
 Industry Trends and Competitive Advantages 
 We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from emerging trends and to help our clients adapt to a large and rapidly expanding and evolving investment industry. Investing has grown in complexity, with more choices across asset classes, security types and geographies, and more consideration of a wider array of risks and opportunities, including those related to ESG and climate. In addition, the construction and management of investment portfolios are becoming increasingly outcome-oriented, rules-based and technology-driven. As a result, the investment process is transforming, which is reflected in several trends we have observed, including: 
 Changing client operating models and business strategies, driven in part by fee compression, changing demographics, the regulatory environment and shifting economic outlooks; 
 
 1 For this purpose, affiliated companies under a common parent entity are aggregated and counted as a single client. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Increasing use of global, multi-asset-class and other complex investment strategies, including strategies incorporating private asset investments and factor objectives, as investors seek specific and unique outcomes; 
 The need for high-quality data, insightful models and timely research during times of extreme volatility and high uncertainty; 
 Accelerating integration of ESG and climate considerations into investment processes, reporting and products, as sustainable investing becomes more prominent and investors increasingly focus on companies with strong sustainability practices as an indicator of long-term resilience; 
 Continuing growth of indexed investing through indexed investment products such as ETFs, mutual/UCITS funds and annuities, as well as indexed derivatives such as futures, options, structured products and over-the-counter swaps, and other vehicles that seek to track an index, as investors increasingly seek lower-cost investment strategies or seek to incorporate increasingly complex investment strategies across geographies, sectors, factors, trends and other considerations; 
 Increasing allocation of capital to real estate and other private assets and desire for greater transparency into the performance of private assets, with an increased focus on climate and income risk; 
 Increasing demand for data and tools that clients can integrate to support customized portfolio construction and highly specialized preferences and objectives; and 
 Growing use of advanced technologies to enhance investment analytics, evaluate data, streamline operations, create efficiencies and gain competitive advantages. 
 We believe the following competitive advantages position us well to meet client demands in light of these trends: 
 Differentiated research-enhanced content provides our clients with insights to better understand and adapt to a complex and fast-changing marketplace. We are continually developing a wide range of differentiated content and have amassed an extensive database of historical global market data, proprietary equity index data, ESG and climate data, factor models, private asset benchmark data and risk algorithms, all of which can be critical components of our clients investment processes. This content is grounded in our deep knowledge of the global investment process and fueled by experienced research and product development and data management teams. 
 Client-centricity allows us to build strong client relationships globally and better understand and service our clients needs in the markets in which they operate. Our client coverage team develops and maintains strong and trusted relationships with senior executives and investment professionals, and we regularly consult with clients and other market participants to discuss their needs, investment trends and implications for our research, product development and client servicing goals. 
 Strong product innovation, supported by flexible, scalable, cutting-edge technology developed by our global team of sophisticated technology and data professionals, enables clients to use MSCI, third-party and their own content efficiently and cost-effectively. Our commitment to open and flexible technology allows us to more efficiently process data for distribution and deliver advanced platform flexibility for easy integration into our clients workflows. 
 Strategy 
 We provide critical tools and solutions that enable investors to manage the transformations taking place in the investment industry, better understand performance and risk, and build portfolios more effectively and efficiently to achieve their investment objectives. We are focused on the following key initiatives to deliver actionable and integrated client solutions: 
 Extend leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes. We continue to develop and deliver innovative solutions that incorporate proprietary and highly differentiated content based on rich insights from our research and product development teams. In addition to enhancing our position as a leading provider of tools and solutions for equity investors globally, our strategic priorities also include enhancing our content relating to other asset classes and strategies, including ESG and climate, thematics, factors, fixed income, liquidity and private assets, all of which we believe represent significant growth opportunities. 
 Lead the enablement of ESG and climate investment integration by delivering the data, information and applications necessary to identify, assess and incorporate material ESG and climate risks and opportunities. The global adoption of ESG and climate-focused investment considerations and the establishment of ESG and climate reporting frameworks are both rapidly accelerating. As demand from our clients for ESG and climate solutions increases, 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI s research, tools and solutions will aim to provide the transparency our clients need to better integrate ESG and climate risks and opportunities into their investment processes. Our ESG ratings and climate data and research are also utilized in our index, analytics and private asset tools and solutions from ESG and climate indexes to incorporation of ESG and climate data in risk analysis to climate and emissions assessments specific to real estate assets and private equity portfolios. We are focused on being an influential thought leader on these climate-related considerations for the investment industry. 
 Enhance distribution and content-enabling technology. We are deploying and developing advanced technology to drive integration and efficiencies, accelerate the pace of innovation and enhance distribution and the client experience. We increasingly utilize proprietary and third-party technologies, including artificial intelligence, machine learning and natural language processing tools, to enhance our ability to gather and analyze data, create content and automate and enhance the efficiency of many of our data processes. Our open-architecture, web-based Investment Solutions as a Service ISaaS offerings now include MSCI ONE, an integrated platform that provides access to investment content across a number of our products and solutions. These offerings help us deliver MSCI content and solutions to our clients at scale. 
 Expand solutions that empower client customization . We aim to further enhance how we support our clients investment objectives by embedding our highly differentiated research, data and methodologies into solutions that allow clients to incorporate their custom preferences. For example, we will leverage existing capabilities and applications to deliver solutions that will allow clients to reflect their unique risk and return, ESG and climate and thematic preferences, as well as tax optimization strategies in a scalable way. In addition, we aim to meet client demand for flexible tools and data needed to construct and manage portfolios. 
 Strengthen client relationships and grow into strategic partnerships with clients. We aim to be a strategic partner to members of the investment community by anticipating their needs, promoting the full breadth of our tools, data and solutions, and building a seamless experience across our offerings. The depth of knowledge of our client coverage teams, including dedicated account managers, ensures that we are engaging with our clients in a holistic and integrated manner. In particular, we are leveraging our existing offerings to serve new and developing client use cases. Through innovation, we aim to enhance the effectiveness and ease of use of our products as we further demonstrate the value of our content, applications and services. 
 Execute strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We regularly evaluate and selectively pursue strategic relationships with, and acquisitions of, providers of unique and differentiated content, products and technologies that we believe have the potential to complement, enhance or expand our offerings and client base. In order to drive value, we target acquisitions and strategic relationships that can be efficiently integrated into our existing operational structure and global sales network. For example, through our 2021 acquisition of Real Capital Analytics, Inc. RCA ), we expanded MSCI s robust suite of real asset solutions, by allowing us to provide real estate industry professionals with more data, analytics and support tools to manage investments and understand performance and risk, including climate risks, within their portfolios. 
 Financial Model 
 We have an attractive financial model due to our recurring revenue and strong cash generation. Clients purchase our products and services primarily through recurring fixed and variable fee arrangements, a business model which has historically delivered stable revenue and predictable cash flows. Finally, our disciplined capital-allocation policy provides us with flexibility to balance internal resources and investment needs, acquisitions and shareholder returns through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. 
 See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview and Note 1, Introduction and Basis of Presentation Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for information on how we generate revenue and our revenue recognition policy. 
 Segments 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had the following five operating segments: Index, Analytics, ESG and Climate, Real Assets and The Burgiss Group, LLC Burgiss ), which are presented as the following four reportable segments: Index, Analytics, ESG and Climate, and All Other Private Assets . For reporting purposes, the Real Assets and Burgiss operating segments are combined and presented as All Other Private Assets, as they did not meet the thresholds for separate presentation. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company renamed the Real Estate operating segment to Real Assets. The Burgiss operating segment represents the Company s equity method investment in Burgiss. Financial results related to MSCI s acquisition of RCA have 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 been included prospectively as a component of the Real Assets operating segment and presented as a component of the All Other Private Assets reportable segment, commencing as of September 13, 2021 (the date we completed the acquisition). 
 Index 
 Clients use our indexes in many areas of the investment process, including for developing indexed financial products e.g. , ETFs, mutual funds, annuities, futures, options, structured products, over-the-counter derivatives), performance benchmarking, portfolio construction and rebalancing, and asset allocation. We currently calculate more than 278,000 2 end-of-day indexes daily and more than 16,000 indexes in real time. Clients access our index data directly from MSCI or from third-party vendors worldwide. 
 Our index product offerings include: 
 MSCI Global Equity Indexes. MSCI Global Equity Indexes are designed to measure returns across a wide variety of equity markets, size segments, sectors and industries. As of December 31, 2022, we calculated indexes that covered more than 80 developed, emerging, frontier and standalone equity markets, as well as various regional indexes built from the component indexes. 
 ESG and Climate Indexes. ESG and Climate Indexes are constructed from an underlying index by applying data from our ESG and Climate segment to additional screening or other criteria. 
 Factor Indexes. Factor Indexes seek to reflect the performance characteristics of a range of investment styles and strategies, such as momentum or value. These indexes include stocks that demonstrate high exposure to the target factor. In addition to single factor indexes, we offer multiple-factor indexes for investors with diversified multi-factor strategies. 
 Thematic Indexes. Thematic Indexes are designed to measure the performance of companies associated with shifts in macroeconomic, geopolitical and technological trends. These indexes can target areas of interest under megatrend categories such as the environment, healthcare and lifestyle. Examples of our Thematic Indexes include digital economy, efficient energy, genomic innovation and smart cities. 
 Custom Indexes. Custom Indexes are calculated by applying additional criteria supplied by a client such as stock exclusion lists, currency hedging rules, tax rates or special weighting to an MSCI index. Investors with unique index requirements can build an index to meet their specific needs and better update index design over time to support their evolving investment strategies. 
 Fixed Income Indexes . Fixed Income Indexes include both investment grade and high-yield securities across a number of currencies that reflect the performance of credit markets generally, or specific investment strategies, including climate-focused or factor strategies. 
 Real Estate Indexes . Real Estate Indexes provide transparency and insight to private real estate investment strategies. 
 In 2022, we launched a number of new indexes, including the following: 
 MSCI Global Quarterly Property Index. The MSCI Global Quarterly Property Index tracks the property-level performance of quarterly-valued assets across the world s major real estate markets. This index aims to help investors as they monitor and manage international real estate portfolios, particularly in the context of macroeconomic and geopolitical developments. 
 MSCI ACWI IMI Virology Index . Part of MSCI s previously announced strategic collaboration with Royalty Pharma plc, the MSCI ACWI IMI Virology Index aims to measure the performance of a set of companies associated with biotech innovation and the treatment of infectious diseases. 
 MSCI Climate Action Indexes . The MSCI Climate Action Indexes are a suite of equity indexes that are designed to support investors with a strategy focused on companies that are leaders in their sectors with respect to climate transition activities, including in emissions reduction commitments, climate risk management and revenue from greener businesses. 
 Bloomberg MSCI China ESG Index Suite . This index suite includes nine ESG indexes and is the first Bloomberg MSCI index suite that tracks the performance of the RMB-denominated bond and USD-denominated Chinese bond markets, while incorporating ESG and socially responsible investment considerations. 
 Our Index segment also includes revenues from licenses of GICS and GICS Direct , the global industry classification standard jointly developed and maintained by MSCI and S P Dow Jones Indices, a division of S P Global Inc. This classification system was developed in response to investors need for a comprehensive and consistent framework for classifying companies into industries. 
 
 2 The number of indexes includes different return versions (e.g., price, net and gross returns) but does not include different currency versions. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 GICS is widely accepted as an industry analysis framework for investment research, portfolio management and asset allocation. GICS Direct is a dataset comprised of active companies and securities classified by sector, industry group, industry and sub-industry in accordance with the proprietary GICS methodology. The MSCI Sector Indexes are comprised of GICS sector, industry group, and industry indexes across countries and regions in Developed, Emerging and select Frontier markets. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 58.0 of our revenues were attributable to our Index segment. A majority of those revenues were attributable to annual, recurring subscriptions. A portion of our revenues comes from clients who use our indexes as the basis for indexed investment products. Such fees are primarily based on a client s assets under management AUM or trading volumes and are referred to herein as asset-based fees. Since market movement and investment trends impact our asset-based fees, our revenues from asset-based fees are subject to volatility. For the year ended December 31, 2022, asset-based fees accounted for 40.5 of the total revenues for our Index segment. 
 Analytics 
 Our Analytics segment offers risk management, performance attribution and portfolio management content, applications and services that provide clients with an integrated view of risk and return and tools for analyzing market, credit, liquidity, counterparty and climate risk across all major asset classes, spanning short-, medium- and long-term time horizons. Our offerings also support clients various regulatory reporting needs. 
 Our Analytics tools and capabilities include the following: models to support factor-based analytics e.g. , Barra equity models and fixed income and multi-asset class MAC models), pricing models and single security analytics, time series-based analytics, stress testing, performance attribution, portfolio optimization and liquidity risk analytics, as well as underlying inputs such as interest rate and credit curves. We continue to develop new and improved tools and capabilities in response to the evolving needs of our clients. In addition, our analytics capabilities are helping to fuel growth in key areas across our business, such as our factor indexes and many of our climate risk and reporting offerings. 
 Our clients access our Analytics tools and content through our proprietary applications and application programming interfaces APIs ), third-party applications or directly through their own platforms. Our Analytics solutions provide clients with tools to construct and manage portfolios, including integrated market data from multiple third parties as well as content from MSCI s other segments, which significantly reduces the operational burden on clients to independently source this information and populate it in our Analytics products. Our key Analytics products include: 
 RiskMetrics RiskManager . RiskMetrics RiskManager provides risk analytics across a broad range of publicly traded instruments and private assets. Clients use RiskManager for daily analysis, including: Value-at-Risk VaR simulation; measuring and monitoring market and liquidity risk at position, fund and firm levels; sensitivity analysis and stress testing; interactive what-if analysis; counterparty credit exposure; and regulatory risk reporting. 
 BarraOne . Powered by our MAC Barra factor model, BarraOne provides clients with MAC risk and performance analytics. BarraOne allows clients to build equity, fixed income, and MAC portfolios with specific risk, ESG and climate exposures. 
 Barra Portfolio Manager. Barra Portfolio Manager is an integrated risk, performance and portfolio-construction interactive platform with a flexible user interface that enables our clients to design investment strategies and build portfolios, and to share analytics and reports across their organizations. It is used by equity fund managers and their teams to gain additional portfolio insight and manage their investment processes more systematically. 
 RiskMetrics WealthBench and RiskMetrics CreditManager . RiskMetrics WealthBench is a web-based platform used by private banks, financial advisers, brokerages and trust companies to help wealth managers assess portfolio risk, construct asset allocation policies and create comprehensive client proposals. RiskMetrics CreditManager is a portfolio credit risk management system used primarily by banks to quantify portfolio credit risk by capturing market exposure, rating changes and default risk. 
 Climate Lab Enterprise . Powered by MSCI s climate data integrated with MSCI s enterprise analytics infrastructure, Climate Lab Enterprise enables our clients to measure, manage and monitor net-zero commitments and climate exposure and risks. Climate Lab Enterprise is able to aggregate climate data across multiple portfolios and asset classes, providing clients the ability to understand alignment with their climate goals from the enterprise level down through portfolios to individual positions and issuers. 
 Risk Insights . Our Risk Insights offering calculates, stores and delivers a broad range of risk measures to help investors identify trends and respond to rapid changes in markets. Risk Insights automates many tasks to allow investors to more quickly and effectively understand the overall level of risk in their portfolios, how that risk has changed, and what factors may have caused the changes. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Analytics segment also provides various managed services to help clients operate more efficiently, including consolidation of client portfolio data from various sources, review and reconciliation of input data and results, and customized reporting, including ESG and climate reporting. In addition, our RiskMetrics HedgePlatform service allows clients such as funds of funds, pension funds and endowments who invest in hedge funds to measure, evaluate and monitor the risk of their hedge fund investments across multiple hedge fund strategies. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 25.6 of our revenues were attributable to our Analytics segment. 
 ESG and Climate 
 The ESG and Climate segment 3 offers products and services that help institutional investors understand how ESG and climate considerations can impact the long-term risk and return of their portfolio and individual security-level investments. We provide data, ratings, research and tools to help investors navigate increasing regulation, meet new client demands and better integrate ESG and climate elements into their investment processes. 
 In recent years, ESG and climate related issues have become key business priorities across industries. At MSCI, we believe our ESG and Climate solutions support ESG integration by strengthening transparency around ESG and climate metrics and helping to analyze and quantify ESG and climate risks. Investors commonly use our ESG and Climate solutions, including MSCI ESG Ratings, to help assess ESG-related financial risks in their investment processes and to help inform their investment decisions. Our ESG and Climate solutions are also used by some clients to help them identify investments that may generate a social or environmental impact or that may otherwise align with an investor s ethical values. 
 Our ESG and Climate research team analyzes over 10,000 4 entities worldwide, and we will continue to expand and deepen our coverage to help investors and others in their asset allocation, portfolio construction and risk management processes. Clients include global asset managers, leading asset owners, consultants, advisers, corporates and academics. 
 Our ESG and Climate offerings include: 
 MSCI ESG Ratings . Our ESG ratings aim to measure a company s resilience to long-term ESG risks. Companies are scored on an industry-relative scale across the most relevant key ESG issues based on a company s business model. MSCI ESG Ratings include ratings of equity issuers and fixed income securities. The MSCI ESG Industry Materiality Map is a public tool that explores the key ESG issues by GICS sub-industry or sector and their contribution to companies overall ESG ratings. In assigning an MSCI ESG Rating, we collect the most relevant, publicly available data and assess the most significant ESG risks a company faces. Investors use MSCI ESG Ratings for a variety of purposes, including to assist with fundamental or quantitative analysis, portfolio construction and risk management, engagement and thought leadership, benchmarking and custom index design. 
 MSCI ESG Business Involvement Screening Research . MSCI ESG Business Involvement Screening Research is a screening service that enables institutional investors to manage ESG standards and restrictions reliably and efficiently. Asset managers, investment advisers and asset owners can access screening research through the online MSCI ESG Manager platform or a data feed to support alignment with their investment guidelines, implement client mandates or manage potential ESG portfolio risks. 
 MSCI Climate Solutions . With MSCI Climate Solutions, investors and issuers utilize our climate data and tools to support their investment decision making. These activities can include measuring and reporting on climate risk exposure, implementing low-carbon or fossil-fuel-free strategies, factoring climate change research into risk management processes and engaging companies and external stakeholders. For example, in 2022, we launched Total Portfolio Footprinting, which helps financial institutions better understand the extent and impact of greenhouse gas emissions at companies they are financing and provides information needed to focus on sustainable business practices. 
 MSCI ESG ratings and certain other ESG and climate data provided to our clients are also made available to, and used in, our other operating segments, such as in the construction of our MSCI ESG and Climate equity and fixed income indexes. These Index products are designed to help institutional investors more effectively benchmark ESG investment performance, issue indexed investment products, as well as manage, measure and report on ESG mandates. 
 For a description of regulation applicable to MSCI ESG Research LLC, see Government Regulation below. 
 
 3 Products and services in our ESG and Climate segment are provided by MSCI ESG Research LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of MSCI Inc. that is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as an Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. MSCI ESG Ratings are used as an input in the construction and calculation of MSCI ESG indexes, which are not subject to our SEC registration. MSCI indexes are products of MSCI Inc., and MSCI Limited is the benchmark administrator. 
 4 Does not include subsidiary-level companies. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 For the year ende d December 31, 2022, 10.2 of our revenues were attributable to our ESG and Climate segment. 
 All Other Private Assets 
 For reporting purposes, our Real Assets an d Burgiss operating segments are combined and presented as All Other Private Assets. 
 Our Real Assets offerings include transaction data, benchmarks, return-analytics, climate assessments and market insights for tangible assets such as real estate and infrastructure. In 2021, we completed our acquisition of RCA to meaningfully accelerate our Real Assets strategy. RCA s rich transaction and pricing data enhances our offering to clients and allows us to integrate this information in other MSCI products including indexes, climate risk models and other MSCI solutions. 
 Our Real Assets performance and risk analytics range from enterprise-wide to property-specific analytics. We also provide business intelligence products to real estate owners, managers, developers and brokers worldwide. Some of the risk analytics generated as part of our Real Assets offerings are also used in the products offered by our other operating segments. 
 Our Real Assets offerings include: 
 Real Capital Analytics . RCA aggregates timely transaction data and provides valuable information on market pricing, capital flows and investment trends in more than 170 countries. Our clients use this unique data to formulate strategies, source new opportunities and execute deals. 
 MSCI Real Estate Enterprise Analytics. Our Real Estate Enterprise Analytics application offers an interactive, integrated view to private real estate investors and managers, providing them with the ability to evaluate and analyze the drivers of portfolio performance across an organization s investments, as well as review exposures and concentrations across markets, asset types and increasingly diverse portfolios. 
 MSCI Global Intel. Our Global Intel offering is an extensive private real estate database that is used by institutional investors, asset managers, banks, custodians and investment consultants to drive allocation decisions, research and strategy developments, and portfolio and risk management. This tool comprises a consolidated set of global, regional, national, city and submarket indexes with segmentation by property type. 
 Datscha . Datscha provides web-based services for the analysis of commercial real estate and offers extensive information on real estate, rental levels, property holdings, transactions, ownership, occupiers, footfall, lease data and the ability to simulate market values. 
 MSCI Real Estate Climate Value-at-Risk RE Climate VaR ). Our RE Climate VaR solution provides forward-looking and return-based valuation assessments to measure climate-related risks for real estate assets in an investment portfolio. By calculating transition risk from changing legislation, regulation and sustainability strategies as well as physical risk from extreme weather impacts, RE Climate VaR offers a framework for investors to improve portfolio performance, risk management, regulatory reporting and progress towards broader sustainability goals. 
 INCANS. Our INCANS solution enables investors to proactively measure and manage income risk. This offering uses intuitive dashboards, bond-equivalent rating scores and a proprietary global tenant grading system to enable investors to better understand the likelihood of current and future tenant default. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 6.3 of our revenues were attributable to our Real Assets offerings. 
 Research and Product Development 
 We apply an integrated team approach to developing content across our operating segments. Our product management, research and product development, data operations and technology, and application development departments are at the center of this process. Our content is developed by a research and product development team comprised of mathematicians, economists, statisticians, financial engineers and industry experts. Content created in one segment can often be used for the creation of products in another segment. For example, the MAC models created in our Analytics segment offer a view of risk across market and asset classes, including private real estate, by incorporating content generated in the Real Assets operating segment. In addition, MSCI ESG indexes and our Climate Lab Enterprise analytics product are constructed using data from our ESG and Climate operating segment. 
 Through our relationships with the world s largest investment institutions, we monitor investment trends and their drivers globally and support instrument valuation, risk modeling, portfolio construction, portfolio attribution, asset allocation and VaR simulation. An important way we monitor global investment trends and their implications for our business is through direct public consultations and client advisory panels and through the forum provided by our Advisory Council. Our Advisory Council typically 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 meets three times during the year to discuss current and emerging investment industry trends and is comprised of senior investment professionals from around the world and senior members of our research and product development team. 
 Technology 
 Technology plays a pivotal role in our operations and our ability to innovate and launch products and services. Current areas of focus include: 
 Improving the client experience by enhancing the way clients access, interact with and use our data, applications and other tools, including by developing and launching our new open-architecture ISaaS services, many of which are available via modern, web-based platforms, such as our new MSCI ONE offering, or integrate with our clients existing ecosystems via APIs. 
 Enhancing data processing by utilizing data science and machine learning in our data collection processes to more efficiently build scale and facilitate faster product enhancements and releases while also maintaining the highest quality standards. 
 Enhancing information security by further strengthening our technology infrastructure and software security processes. We implement changes and upgrades to technology regularly and maintain processes to minimize risk on an ongoing basis, and we seek to improve employee awareness of cyber and information security issues through training. 
 Modernizing our workplace to better support a remote and hybrid workforce that can collaborate and productively work from anywhere. 
 Migrating products, data and services onto a cloud platform to accelerate the delivery of new capabilities that will help investors more swiftly and efficiently manage data and understand the drivers of risk and performance, drive automation across our corporate processes and minimize data center risks. 
 Competition 
 Index. Many industry participants compete with us by offering one or more indexes in similar categories. Such indexes vary widely in scope, including by geographic region, business sector and weighting methodology, and may be used by clients in a variety of ways in many different markets around the world. Among our Index competitors are S P Dow Jones Indices LLC (a joint venture of S P Global Inc. and CME Group Inc.); FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange Group plc; and Solactive AG. 
 Competition also exists from industry participants, including asset managers and investment banks, that create their own indexes, often in cooperation with index providers, which may, among other things, provide some form of calculation agent service. Some asset managers also manage funds, including ETFs, based on their proprietary indexes, and some investment banks launch structured products or create over-the-counter derivatives based on their proprietary indexes. This is often referred to as self-indexing. 
 Analytics. Our Analytics offerings compete with those from a range of competitors, including Qontigo (formerly Axioma Inc.), BlackRock Solutions, Bloomberg Finance L.P. Bloomberg ), and FactSet Research Systems Inc. Additionally, some of the larger broker-dealers have developed proprietary analytics tools for their clients. Similarly, some of the large global investment organizations, such as custodians, have developed internal risk management and performance analytics tools that they offer to their clients. 
 ESG and Climate. Our ESG and Climate offerings compete with a growing number of companies that issue ESG data, ratings or research. For example, our ESG and Climate offerings compete with those from a range of competitors, including Sustainalytics Holding B.V. (a part of Morningstar, Inc.), Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (majority owned by Deutsche B rse AG), Trucost (an S P Global Inc. business), Refinitiv (a London Stock Exchange Group business), Bloomberg and Moody s Corporation. 
 All Other Private Assets. We also have a variety of competitors for our offerings that provide data, market intelligence, indexes, and performance and risk attribution services relating to real estate and other private assets. 
 Intellectual Property, Other Proprietary Rights and Sources of Data 
 We consider many aspects of our offerings, processes and services to be proprietary. We have registered MSCI and other marks as trademarks or service marks in the United States and in certain other countries. We will continue to evaluate the registration of additional trademarks and service marks as appropriate. From time to time, we have also filed patent applications to protect our proprietary rights. Additionally, many of our offerings, processes and services require the use of intellectual property that we license for use from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our offerings and 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 services. Our ownership and protection of intellectual property and other proprietary rights and our ability to obtain the rights to use third-party intellectual property are important to our business and contribute in part to our overall success. 
 In addition to our intellectual property, we rely on third-party data to create and deliver our products and services. For example, we require certain stock exchange data to construct equity indexes. Termination of or disputes regarding our rights to receive or use such data could limit the information available for us to use or distribute in connection with our products and services. 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 As a leader in providing ESG and climate solutions to investors, we also aim to demonstrate leading corporate responsibility practices and policies that are meaningful to our various stakeholders, including our clients, employees, shareholders and local communities. The Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee of our Board of Directors provides oversight of our corporate responsibility strategy and activities and receives regular updates and reports from MSCI management, including our Chief Responsibility and Diversity Officer. 
 We are committed to continuing to develop and enhance our climate-focused strategies and to regularly reporting on our efforts. As part of our corporate responsibility efforts, we have published reports aligned with a number of international frameworks, including the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB), CDP and the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDG) as well as our carbon emissions metrics. 
 Additional information on our corporate responsibility progress, including our net-zero commitment and climate transition plan, can be found on our website at https://www.msci.com/who-we-are/corporate-responsibility. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 Human Capital Management 
 MSCI is committed to creating a performance culture with a high degree of employee engagement. Our talent and leadership development programs are designed to ensure we have the right people with the necessary skills to deliver on MSCI s strategy, including a workplace that values and promotes diversity, equity and inclusion DE I ). 
 The Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee of our Board of Directors has oversight over talent management matters, including efforts relating to succession/progression planning, career progression and retention strategies, and learning and leadership development programs. In addition, this Committee oversees our efforts relating to our corporate culture, such as our DE I strategy and our employee engagement. Our Chief Human Resources Officer, our Chief Responsibility and Diversity Officer and our Head of Talent report to our Board regularly on DE I initiatives, our work towards enhancing corporate culture and our talent management strategies. We also engage with our shareholders around these aspects of our human capital management strategies. 
 The Board periodically reviews our executive talent, including our current leadership bench and succession/progression planning efforts relating to our entire executive team. Our Chief Executive Officer and our President and Chief Operating Officer also meet regularly with the heads of our functions to review talent plans, with an aim of identifying top talent with the most immediate or near-term potential to progress to the senior-most roles at MSCI. 
 MSCI is a global company with a highly diverse footprint. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 4,759 people, of which 49.7 of MSCI employees were located in the Asia Pacific region, 22.6 in Europe, Middle East and Africa, 18.7 in the U.S. and Canada, and 9.0 in Mexico and Brazil. For the one-year period ended December 31, 2022, voluntary turnover was 13.8 and involuntary turnover was 3.2 . 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion are core values of MSCI. We strive to empower our people to maximize their potential in an environment where all individuals are respected and encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work. MSCI s culture embraces diverse experiences and perspectives, which we believe foster creativity and innovation. As a leading provider of tools and solutions to the global investment community, it is critical that DE I principles are central to how we manage our business and global workforce. We firmly believe that a diverse team is a stronger team and that cultivating diverse, highly engaged talent is an important part of our success. 
 As of December 31, 2022, of those who self-identified, women represented 35.9 of our global employees, and people of color (defined as those who identify as Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, American Indian or Alaska Native, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander or two or more races) represented 47.3 of our U.S. employees and 42.1 of our U.S. employees in management roles 5 . The U.S. represents 17.8 of our global workforce. Our most recent EEO-1 consolidated reports can be found on our website at https://www.msci.com/who-we-are/diversity-equity-and-inclusion. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 Our Chief Responsibility and Diversity Officer is responsible for operating across MSCI to align our DE I goals with business outcomes. We have operationalized our DE I strategy and alignment through our Executive DE I Council EDC and our Inclusion and Belonging Council IBC ). The EDC consists of senior leaders and subject matter experts who develop and execute our DE I efforts across three strategic pillars relating to talent, senior leader engagement and accountability, and stakeholder engagement. 
 The IBC proactively works with local leaders to adapt MSCI s global DE I strategy to local circumstances and requirements. The roughly 30 members on the IBC represent most geographies, functions and levels, including members of our employee resource groups (the Women s Leadership Forum, Women in Tech, Pride Allies, the Black Leadership Network, Asian Support Network, All Abilities Network and Hola! MSCI). 
 Our DE I efforts aim to create a strong sense of belonging and inclusion, foster employee engagement, nurture a pipeline of diverse talent and position MSCI as a leading organization that recognizes diversity, equity and inclusion as strategic priorities. Additional information on our DE I efforts and programs can be found on our website at https://www.msci.com/who-we-are/diversity-equity-and-inclusion. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 Compensation, Benefits and Well-being 
 We offer a broad range of highly competitive compensation and benefits programs to our employees and their families, including same-sex domestic partners. These programs include health and welfare benefits, including an employee assistance program; enhanced maternity and paternity leave policies, including a global minimum standard applicable to all offices worldwide; contributions to defined contribution and defined benefit pensions plans globally and health savings accounts in the U.S.; life insurance; a global wellness initiative that can help employees improve their health and well-being; presentations on well-being topics, including retirement planning, parenting, meditation, stress management and nutrition; ergonomic equipment and desk assessments; and wellness rooms in all MSCI office locations. 
 Compensation at MSCI supports a culture of high performance and accountability. Our goal is to provide competitive compensation in the markets where we compete for talent. We believe in linking all employee compensation to Company, Product/Function and individual performance by making 100 of our employees eligible for annual cash bonuses. We strongly differentiate cash bonus payouts based on actual results against goals and for managers, how effectively they demonstrate behaviors consistent with our values and culture. 
 Senior employees and select other employees are eligible to participate in the MSCI Long-Term Incentive Program with awards of MSCI common stock that vest over a multi-year period. The goal of the Long-Term Incentive Program is to: (i) align the interests of eligible employees with those of our shareholders, (ii) enhance our owner-operator philosophy, (iii) recognize and reward potential long-term contributions, and (iv) retain key leaders and top performers. 
 In 2020, MSCI announced our hybrid-work initiative called the Future of Work at MSCI, and we formally began implementing this initiative in January 2022. For most of our employees, the Future of Work introduced a hybrid work environment allowing employees to work at times at the office and other times remotely, depending on the requirements of a specific role and the needs of our clients. The Future of Work at MSCI unites our inclusive culture with modern and flexible ways of working to give employees the accountability, responsibility and empowerment to perform at their very best, while keeping our clients at the center of all we do. As we continue to adapt and iterate how we work, employee feedback will remain central to this initiative. 
 Cultivating Talent and Employee Engagement 
 MSCI is committed to investing in employee learning and development. Throughout the year, we offer tools and workshops to help employees better understand how their work aligns with MSCI s overall strategy, seek and receive real-time and transparent feedback and coaching, successfully deliver on their goals, and more effectively plan and develop their careers. MSCI also offers on demand learning tools covering a wide range of topics with numerous options for employees to pursue self-paced career development opportunities. 
 
 5 Management roles are employees in Managing Director, Executive Director or Vice President roles. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI conducts an employee engagement survey at least annually that measures whether our approaches to performance, growth and career development are driving employee engagement. Managers receive anonymous feedback and are accountable for improving and enhancing the work environment to drive higher engagement. In our December 2022 employee engagement survey, we achieved a 78 response rate, and the percentage of respondents characterized as fully engaged was 74 , the highest since we implemented the engagement survey . 
 Additional information on our training programs and engagement metrics can be found on our website at https://www.msci.com/who-we-are/corporate-responsibility/social-practices. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 Health and Safety 
 We are committed to providing a safe workplace, and the well-being of our employees is one of our highest priorities. We strive to meet or exceed all applicable laws, regulations and accepted practices relating to workplace safety. We have extensive safety policies, standards and procedures that all employees are required to follow. 
 In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has underscored for us the importance of keeping our employees safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, we have taken numerous steps to support our employees, including transitioning to a hybrid work environment for most employees, enhancing our sick leave policies, engaging with external health and ergonomics consultants and increasing the use of technology to allow our employees to remain fully engaged, productive and well. We continue to closely monitor and manage the situation regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and follow local requirements where our offices are located globally. 
 Government Regulation 
 The Company is subject to reporting, disclosure and recordkeeping obligations pursuant to SEC requirements applicable to U.S. public companies. 
 The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority UK FCA authorized MSCI Limited (a subsidiary of MSCI Inc.) to be the benchmark administrator for applicable MSCI indexes. Information about index regulation is periodically updated on our website at https://www.msci.com/index-regulation. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 MSCI ESG Research LLC is a registered investment adviser and must comply with the requirements of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act and related SEC regulations. Such requirements relate to, among other things, disclosure obligations, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, marketing restrictions and general anti-fraud prohibitions. It is possible that in addition to MSCI ESG Research LLC, other entities in our corporate family may be required to register as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act or comply with similar laws or requirements in states or foreign jurisdictions. 
 A subsidiary of the Company is registered with the State Council Information Office of the Ministry of Commerce and the State Administration for Industry and Commerce in China as a foreign institution supplying financial information services in China. This license is currently administered by the Cyberspace Administration of China. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Name Age Position Henry A. Fernandez 64 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer C.D. Baer Pettit 58 Director, President and Chief Operating Officer Andrew C. Wiechmann 43 Chief Financial Officer Robert J. Gutowski 55 General Counsel Scott A. Crum 66 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 There are no family relationships between any of our executive officers and any director or other executive officer of the Company. 
 Henry A. Fernandez 
 Mr. Fernandez has served as Chairman since October 2007 and as Chief Executive Officer and a director since 1998. He served as head of the MSCI business from 1996 to 1998 and as President from 1998 to October 2017. MSCI was previously a business 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 unit within Morgan Stanley prior to its IPO in 2007. Before leading MSCI, he was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley, where he worked from 1983 to 1991 and from 1994 to 2007, in emerging markets business strategy, equity derivatives sales and trading, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate and mortgage finance. Mr. Fernandez also serves on boards of directors/trustees at Royalty Pharma plc, Stanford University, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology and its affiliate, KIMC, the Hoover Institution, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, the Foreign Policy Association, and Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of New York. Mr. Fernandez previously served on the boards of trustees at Georgetown University, the Trinity School, The Browning School and MexDer (Mexican Derivatives Exchange) and was the Chair of the Advisory Council at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Georgetown University, an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and pursued doctoral studies in economics at Princeton University. 
 C.D. Baer Pettit 
 Mr. Pettit has served as the Company s President since October 2017, the Company s Chief Operating Officer since January 2020 and a Director on the Company s Board since January 2023. As President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Pettit oversees the Company's business functions, including client coverage, marketing, product management, research and product development, technology and operations. He previously served as Chief Operating Officer from 2015 to 2017, Head of the Product Group from February 2015 to September 2015, Head of Index Products from 2011 to 2015, Head of Marketing from 2005 to 2012 and Head of Client Coverage from 2001 to 2012. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Pettit worked for Bloomberg L.P. from 1992 to 1999. Mr. Pettit holds a Master of Arts degree in history from Cambridge University and a Master of Science degree from the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. 
 Andrew C. Wiechmann 
 Mr. Wiechmann has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since September 2020. Mr. Wiechmann previously served as Treasurer from November 2021 to June 2022, Chief Strategy Officer from May 2019 to September 2020, Interim Chief Financial Officer from March 2019 to May 2019, Head of Strategy and Corporate Development from July 2012 to March 2019, Head of Investor Relations from December 2017 to March 2019 and Head of Financial Planning Analysis from July 2015 to December 2017. Prior to joining MSCI in 2012, Mr. Wiechmann was an investment banker at Morgan Stanley where he executed M A and capital markets transactions for financial technology and specialty finance companies, including advising MSCI on its IPO and various acquisitions. Mr. Wiechmann holds Bachelor of Arts degrees in Physics and Economics from Hamilton College. 
 Robert J. Gutowski 
 Mr. Gutowski has served as the Company s General Counsel since January 2020. Mr. Gutowski previously served as the Company s Deputy General Counsel and the Head of Compliance from 2010 to 2019 and the Head of Internal Audit from 2012 to 2019. He joined MSCI in 2002. Prior to joining MSCI, he was an attorney in private practice at Rogers Wells LLP and Clifford Chance LLP. He received his B.A. from Georgetown University and his J.D. from the State University of New York at Buffalo Law School. 
 Scott A. Crum 
 Mr. Crum has served as the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer since April 2014. Prior to joining MSCI, Mr. Crum served as global head of human resources for four publicly traded companies. Mr. Crum worked for Avon Products, Inc. as Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Chief People Officer from 2012 to 2013. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Crum served as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc., one of two publicly traded companies formally created when Motorola Inc. split in January 2011 until it was acquired by Google. Prior to that, he served as the Senior Vice President and Director of Human Resources of ITT Corporation from 2002 to 2010 and Senior Vice President of Administration and Employee Resources at General Instruments Corp. from 1997 to 2000. Mr. Crum holds a Bachelor of Business Administration with a concentration in industrial relations from Southern Methodist University. 
 Available Information 
 Our corporate headquarters is located at 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, 49th Floor, New York, New York, 10007, and our telephone number is (212) 804-3900. We maintain a website on the internet at www.msci.com. The contents of our website are not a part of or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We also make available free of charge, on or through our website, these reports, proxy statements and other information 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 as soon as reasonably practicable following the time they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. To access these, click on the SEC Filings link under the Financial Information tab found on our Investor Relations homepage (http://ir.msci.com). 
 We also use our Investor Relations homepage, Corporate Responsibility homepage and corporate Twitter account (@MSCI_Inc) as channels of distribution of Company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. 
 Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about us when you enroll your email address by visiting the Email Alerts on our Investor Relations homepage at https://ir.msci.com/email-alerts. The contents of our website, including our Investor Relations homepage and Corporate Responsibility homepage, and our social media channels are not, however, a part of or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A . Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. You should read the section titled Forward-Looking Statements on page 1 for a description of the types of statements that are considered forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This information should be read in conjunction with "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, discussed in more detail in the following section. These risks include, among others, the following key risks: 
 Our dependence on third parties to supply data, applications and services for our products and services and on certain vendors to distribute our products; 
 Undetected errors, defects, malfunctions or similar problems in our products leading to increased costs or liability; 
 Our exposure to potential reputational and credibility concerns; 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other widespread health crises; 
 The possibility that our clients seek to negotiate lower asset-based fees or cease using our indexes as the basis for indexed investment products; 
 Cancellations or reductions by any of our largest clients or reduced demand for our products or services; 
 The impact of failures, disruptions, instability or vulnerabilities in our information technology systems or applications; 
 Our inability to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data; 
 Our exposure to security breaches including cyber-attacks or failures of our security plans, systems or procedures; 
 Unanticipated failures, interruptions or delays in the performance or delivery of our products as a result of the adoption of new technologies; 
 Security vulnerabilities resulting from our use of open source code; 
 The impact of changes in economic conditions and the global capital markets, including resulting from geopolitical events, adverse equity market conditions, volatility in the financial markets and evolving investment trends; 
 The effects on us from competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients; 
 Our need to successfully develop new and enhanced products and services in order to remain competitive; 
 The impact of our global operations and any future expansion on management and our exposure to additional issues from our increased global footprint; 
 Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations; changes to current laws, rules or regulations; or the introduction of new laws, rules or regulations relevant to our business; 
 Our inability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation; 
 The impact of our indebtedness on our financial flexibility; 
 The impact of changes in our credit ratings; and 
 Our exposure to tax liabilities in various jurisdictions. 
 Operational Risks 
 We are dependent on third parties to supply data, applications and services for our products and services and are dependent on certain vendors to distribute our products. A refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our products; any loss of key outside suppliers of data, applications or services; a reduction in the accuracy or quality of such data, applications or services; or any failure by us to comply with our suppliers or distributors licensing requirements could impair our ability to provide our clients with our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We rely on third-party suppliers of data, applications and services, including data from stock exchanges and other suppliers (collectively, Vendor Products ), and depend on the accuracy and quality of Vendor Products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance and develop new Vendor Products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry needs and other changes in order to produce, deliver and develop our products and services. Additionally, we depend on clients to supply certain data in order to provide our services to them. Any failure to supply, errors or reduction in the amount, accuracy or quality of such data supplied from clients impairs our ability to provide them with our products and services. 
 If Vendor Products include errors, design defects, are delayed, become incompatible with future versions of our products, are unavailable on acceptable terms or are not available at all, we may not be able to deliver our products and services. In addition, in the ordinary course suppliers of Vendor Products are subject to various forms of cyber-attacks or other failures or security breaches. Breaches of our suppliers systems and networks may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such suppliers websites, applications or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of affected information. 
 Some of our agreements with third-party suppliers allow them to cancel on short notice and from time to time we receive notices from third-party suppliers threatening to terminate the provision of their products or services to us, and some data suppliers have terminated the provision of their data to us. Termination of the provision of Vendor Products by one or more of our significant suppliers or exclusion from, or restricted use of, or litigation in connection with Vendor Products could decrease the data and materials available for us to use and deliver to our clients. In addition, some of our competitors could enter into exclusive contracts with our data suppliers, including with certain stock exchanges. If our competitors enter into such exclusive contracts, we may be precluded from receiving certain data or other materials from these suppliers or restricted in our use of such data or other materials, which would give our competitors a competitive advantage. Such exclusive contracts could hinder our ability to create our products and services or to provide our clients with the data or other products or services they prefer, which could lead to a decrease in our client base. 
 Despite our efforts to comply with the licensing requirements of Vendor Products, there can be no assurance that third parties will not challenge our use, which could result in increased acquisition or licensing costs, loss of rights or costly legal actions. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the data or functionality provided by Vendor Products that become unavailable or fail to operate effectively for any reason. Our operating costs could increase if additional license fees are imposed or current license fees increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to Vendor Products are substantial and we are unable to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements with these suppliers or find alternative sources of equivalent products or services. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We also rely on certain third-party vendors to distribute our data to clients. While some of our vendors generate revenue in connection with distributing our data, others do not derive a direct financial benefit. Should any of our key vendors refuse to distribute our data for any reason or require that we pay them new or additional fees in connection with the distribution of our data, we would need to find alternative ways to distribute our data or lose revenue or profitability for certain products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If our products contain undetected errors or fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, we may, among other things, become subject to increased costs or liability based on the use of our products or services to support our 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 clients investment processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to, in the aggregate, trillions of dollars in assets. Products or services we develop or license have contained, and in the future may contain, undetected errors or defects despite testing or other quality assurance practices. Use of our products or services as part of the investment process creates the risk that our clients, the parties whose assets are managed by our clients, investors in investment products linked to our indexes, the companies that we rate or assess in our ESG solutions or the shareholders of those companies, may pursue claims against us based on even a small error in our data, calculations, methodologies or analysis or a malfunction or failure in our systems, products or services. 
 Errors or defects can exist at any point in a product s lifecycle, but are frequently found after introduction of new products or services or enhancements to existing products. We continually introduce new methodologies and products, and new versions of and updates to our existing products or services. Despite internal testing and in some cases testing or use by clients, our products or services have contained, and in the future may contain, errors in our data, calculations, methodologies or analysis, including serious defects or malfunctions. This risk may grow with the increase in the number, type and complexity of our products, such as complex client-designed indexes that may require unique and more manual implementation and maintenance. If we detect any errors before we release or deliver a product or service or publish a methodology or analysis, we might have to suspend or delay the product or service release or delivery for an extended period of time while we address the problem. We may not discover errors that affect our products or services or enhancements until after they are deployed, and we may need to provide enhancements or corrections to address such errors, and in certain cases it may be impracticable to do so. If undetected errors exist in our products or services, or if our products or services fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, it could result in harm to our brand or reputation, significantly increased costs, lost sales and revenues, delays in commercial release, third-party claims, contractual disputes, negative publicity, delays in or loss of market acceptance of our products or services, license terminations or renegotiations or unexpected expenses and diversion of resources to remedy or mitigate such errors, defects or malfunctions. The realization of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 While we have provisions in our client contracts that are designed to limit our liability from claims brought by our clients or third parties relating to our products or services, these provisions could be invalidated or fail to adequately or effectively limit our liability. In addition, clients also increasingly require us to provide contractual assurances regarding our IT and operational risk management and security practices or policies, and many of our clients in the financial services sector are subject to regulations and requirements to adopt risk management processes to oversee their third-party relationships. Contractual disputes could result in the provision of credits, adverse monetary judgments and other penalties and damages. Any such claims brought against us, even if the outcome were to be ultimately favorable to us, would require attention of our management, personnel, financial and other resources and could have a negative impact on our reputation or pose a significant disruption to our normal business operations. In addition, the duration or outcome of such claims and lawsuits is difficult to predict, which could further exacerbate the adverse effect they may have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 MSCI is exposed to potential reputational and credibility concerns. 
 To the extent that any of MSCI s operating segments or product lines or MSCI as a whole suffers a reputational or other loss in credibility, it could have a material adverse impact on MSCI s business, financial condition or results of operations. Real or perceived factors that may have already affected credibility, or which could potentially have an impact in this regard, include: the appearance of a conflict of interest; the editorial independence of our index composition and ESG rating and assessment processes and decisions; the influence, attempted influence or appearance of influence of third parties, including governments, politicians and large investors or asset owners, on our editorial decisions; the performance of companies relative to their ESG ratings, index inclusion, risk characteristics or other MSCI content or analytics; the timing and nature of changes to our indexes or ESG ratings and assessments; disagreement with our methodologies or models, including for calculating indexes, value-at-risk and other risk measures, ESG ratings and assessments, data, information and analysis; the accuracy and completeness of our data; views expressed by the media, politicians, other government officials or representatives, regulators or other third parties regarding our company or our industry or our role in the investment process, including allegations or suggestions that we encourage investment in certain companies, countries or regions or in support of certain causes or trends; and the impact of political tensions relating to countries, industries, companies or issues relevant to our products and services, such as the inclusion of certain Chinese companies in our indexes or the focus on sustainable or ESG investing and climate considerations in our products. 
 In some cases, our ESG and Climate offerings, such as our country and company ESG ratings or our Net-Zero Tracker, may insert MSCI into a public spotlight or a public debate regarding the environment, climate change, social concerns or corporate responsibility. In addition, our position as a leading source of ESG research, ratings, data and assessments may at times become contentious, politicized or controversial and lead to disputes with companies or investors or other interested stakeholders and create negative media or regulatory attention. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, there has been increased regulatory and political focus on ESG-related practices of asset managers. Certain of our clients make use of our ESG data and tools as well as our ESG indexes to benchmark ESG investment performance and to construct and manage ETFs and other indexed financial products. These institutional investors are increasingly the subject of additional disclosure requirements, as well as media and political scrutiny, that are focused on preventing asset managers from greenwashing (i.e., holding out an investment product as having green or sustainable characteristics when this is not, in fact, the case). Use of our products by these investors could draw MSCI into debates about and criticisms of greenwashing. 
 Factors affecting our reputation and credibility also include our own sustainability and corporate responsibility policies or practices, including as a result of failure to meet publicly disclosed ESG and climate-related targets or goals, or misalignment with evolving market standards or the methodologies and standards used in our own products and ESG ratings. 
 Errors and other actions by MSCI competitors could also damage the reputation of the industries that we operate in and, therefore, harm the reputation of the Company or certain of our products. In addition, we believe that MSCI s corporate culture and reputation positively contribute to our ability to attract and retain talent, and that reputational damage could negatively affect our hiring, employee engagement and retention. Damage to our reputation, brand or credibility could have a material adverse effect on MSCI s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, or other widespread health crises, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant economic disruption, including volatility in the global equity markets and continues to persist throughout the world, including in locations where we operate. To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, created significant financial market volatility, disrupted global supply chains and resulted in a significant number of infections and deaths worldwide. The COVID-19 pandemic has also created significant uncertainties. These uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the adverse effects of the pandemic on the economy and financial markets, our employees, our clients and our third-party service providers. Certain long-term effects of the efforts of governments and monetary authorities to ameliorate the impacts of the pandemic have also become evident, including both price and wage inflation as well as increased competition for workers. 
 While to date the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in our attempts to mitigate any negative effects of this global pandemic or any other widespread health crisis on our business. We closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and continually assess its potential effects on our business and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of relevant authorities. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our operational and financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on many factors outside of our control, including the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic; the emergence, spread and severity of new variants of COVID-19; the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments; the imposition of protective public safety measures, including vaccine and testing mandates; and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy, including financial markets. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, or if we are not able to cope with the effects of new widespread health crises, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be negatively impacted. 
 Client Risks 
 Our clients that pay us a variable license fee (e.g., based on the assets under management or total expense ratio or trading volumes of an indexed investment product) may seek to negotiate a lower fee structure or may lower the total expense ratio of such products or may cease using our indexes, which could limit the growth of or decrease our revenues from asset-based or other variable fees. 
 A portion of our revenues are from asset-based fees or fees based on trading volumes and some of these revenue streams are concentrated in some of our largest clients, including BlackRock, and in our largest market, the U.S. Our clients, including our largest clients, may seek for a variety of reasons to negotiate to pay us lower asset-based fee percentages, which are sometimes calculated as a percentage of the relevant product s total expense ratio TER ). Additionally, competition is intense among our clients that offer or manage indexed investment products, including ETFs, and low fees are one of the competitive differentiators. Where an investment product s TER determines our fees, a reduction in the TER may negatively impact our revenues. Additionally, our clients, including our largest clients, may seek to renegotiate existing asset-based fee models with the objective of achieving lower fees, either on a rate basis or in aggregate, which may have a negative impact on our operating revenues. 
 Moreover, clients that have licensed our indexes to serve as the basis of indexed investment products are generally not required to continue to use our indexes and could elect at any time to cease offering the investment product or switch to using a non-MSCI index. Clients that license our indexes to serve as the basis for listed futures and options contracts might also discontinue such 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 contracts. Additionally, we have a differentiated licensing strategy for our indexes and from time to time experience faster growth from lower fee products, resulting in a lower average asset-based fee percentage from indexed investment products. While we aim to maximize the price and volume trade-off over the long-term, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. Results for any given quarter could be materially adversely affected by stronger growth in assets in indexed investment products with lower-than-average fees not sufficiently offset by growth in assets in indexed investment products with higher-than-average fees. Our asset-based fees could dramatically decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Finally, to the extent that multiple investment products are based on the same index, (i) assets under management in one product could shift to products that pay MSCI lower fee levels, (ii) the products could compete for the same assets such that none of the products becomes large enough to be successful or sustained, or (iii) the failure or discontinuance of one product (e.g., derivatives used for hedging) could have a detrimental effect on the use of the other products (e.g., ETFs). 
 Cancellations or reductions by any of our largest clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A material portion of our revenues is concentrated in some of our largest clients. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our largest client organization by revenue, BlackRock, accounted for 10.3 of our consolidated operating revenues. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, BlackRock accounted for 12.7 of our consolidated operating revenues. Our revenue growth depends on our ability to obtain new clients, quickly onboard our clients and deploy our products and services to them, sell additional services to existing clients and achieve and sustain a high level of renewal rates with respect to our existing licenses. Failure to achieve one or more of these objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. A client s activity with us may decrease for a variety of reasons, including the client s level of satisfaction with our products and services, the effectiveness of our support services, the pricing of our products and services, the pricing and quality of competing products or services or the effects of changes in economic conditions and the global capital markets. If one or more of our largest clients cancels or reduces its licenses and we are unsuccessful in replacing those licenses, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our clients may become more self-sufficient, which may reduce demand for our products or services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our clients may internally develop certain functionality contained in the products or services they currently license from us. For example, a number of our clients have obtained regulatory clearance to create indexes for use as the basis of ETFs that they manage and others have invested in direct indexing strategies, allowing investors to purchase individual stocks making up an index rather than investing in a fund or ETF. Similarly, some of our clients who currently license our risk or ESG and climate data to analyze their portfolio risk may develop their own tools to collect data and assess risk or embed ESG and climate considerations into their investment processes, making our products or services unnecessary for them. A growing number of asset managers and investment banks, in partnership with index providers that offer calculation agent services, or acting together with an industry group or association, have created or may create their own range of proprietary indexes, which they use to manage funds or as the basis of ETFs, structured products or over-the-counter derivatives. To the extent that our clients become more self-sufficient, demand for our products or services may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Technology Risks 
 Any failures, disruptions, instability or vulnerabilities in our information technology architecture, platforms, vendors and service providers, production and delivery systems, software, code, internal network, the Internet or other systems or applications may disrupt our operations, cause our products to be unavailable or fail and impose delays or additional costs in deploying our products, or impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products or keep them confidential and result in reputational and other harm and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and platforms and their components, including our data centers, cloud providers and other vendors and service providers, production and delivery systems as well the Internet, to create and deliver our products and service our clients. Our employees also depend on these systems, platforms and providers for internal use. Heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, human error, terrorist or other attacks, climate or weather related events (e.g., hurricanes, floods or other natural disasters), another outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, power loss, telecommunications failures, technical breakdowns, Internet failures or malicious attacks exploiting security vulnerabilities could impair our systems operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time or impact the availability of personnel. Our ability to effectively use the Internet, including 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 our remote work force s ability to access the Internet, may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party Internet providers, malicious attacks exploiting security vulnerabilities or increased government regulation. 
 Disruptions, failures or slowdowns that could occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology systems and platforms, our electronic delivery systems or the Internet, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation and negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients, including delivering managed services or delivering real-time index data. To the extent we grow through acquisitions, newly acquired businesses may not have invested in technological infrastructure and disaster recovery to the same extent as we have. As their systems are integrated into ours, a vulnerability could be introduced, which could impact our platforms across the Company. 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend against such disruptions or that our disaster recovery or business continuity plans, or those of our third-party service providers (including cloud providers), will be effective in mitigating the risks and associated costs, which could be exacerbated by our shift to an increasingly remote working environment, and which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Any failure to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Many of our products, as well as our internal systems and processes, involve the collection, retrieval, processing, storage and transmission, through a variety of channels, of proprietary, third party and client confidential information. We also handle personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. We rely on a complex system of internal processes and IT controls along with policies, procedures and training to protect this information, including sensitive client data such as material non-public information and client portfolio data that may be provided to us or hosted on our systems, against unauthorized access or disclosure. In addition, we believe that when we change the composition of our indexes, in some cases the changes can have an indirect effect on the prices of constituent securities and on certain indexed investment products as a result of trading activity related to tracking our indexes. As the usage and types of uses of our ESG ratings increase, the ratings and changes to the ratings in some cases could also potentially have an impact on the companies that we rate, the price of their securities and the price of other securities that reference their securities. 
 If our internal processes, confidentiality policies, conflict of interest policies or information barrier procedures fail or are insufficient, including as a result of human error or manual processes, system error, other inadvertent release or other failure, or if an employee purposely circumvents or violates our internal controls, policies or procedures, then unauthorized access to, or disclosure or misappropriation of, data, including material non-public or other confidential information (e.g., certain index composition data or ESG rating data), our brand and reputation may suffer and we may become subject to litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other penalties, leading to a loss of client confidence, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Successful cyber-attacks or other security breaches and the failure of security plans, systems and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of data and information that is managed internally and with third-party vendors. We and our vendors are subject to security risks, including cyber-attacks and other security breaches, such as phishing scams, hacking, tampering, intrusions, viruses, ransomware, malware and denial-of-service attacks. In some cases, these risks are heightened when employees are working remotely. Our and our vendors use of mobile and cloud technologies may also increase our risk for such threats. We may be exposed to more targeted and more sophisticated cyber and other security attacks aimed at accessing certain information on our systems because of our role or prominence in the global marketplace, including client portfolio data, the composition of our indexes and MSCI ESG Research ratings of corporate issuers. Any such threats may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or our vendors products or services, networks, systems, websites, applications, data or data processing, or may otherwise compromise the availability, confidentiality or integrity of data or information in our possession. While we have not experienced cyber or other security incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material to the Company, we have experienced cyber-attacks of varying degrees in the past, including denial-of-service attacks. There can be no assurance that there will not be material adverse effects relating to these types of incidents in the future, in particular as these incidents have generally become increasingly frequent, sophisticated, difficult to detect and difficult to successfully defend against. 
 Our security measures or those of our third-party providers, including any cloud-based technologies, may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. Cyber-attacks, security breaches or third-party reports of perceived security vulnerability to our systems, even if no breach has occurred, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other penalties, lead to loss of client confidence, which would harm our ability to retain clients and gain new ones, and lead to 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 financial losses. Any of the foregoing could lead to unexpected or higher than estimated costs. We may also incur additional costs as a result of increasing and refining our internal processes and IT controls and policies and procedures related to security, processing integrity and confidentiality or privacy. 
 Migration of our applications, systems, processes and infrastructure to new technologies, cloud providers, data centers, processes, platforms or applications could result in unanticipated failures, interruptions or delays in the performance and delivery of our products, services and client support. Such incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In the past, we have experienced unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain products, including after we migrated applications and infrastructure to new data centers, database storage facilities or other network infrastructure located across multiple facilities globally. While we have taken steps to mitigate such interruptions and delays, we cannot provide assurance that they will not occur again in the future as part of migration efforts to new technologies, applications or processes (e.g., cloud migration), even after extensive testing of new systems, processes, applications and hardware, or if we experience significant growth of our customer base or increases in the number of products or services or in the speed at which we are required to provide products and services. Such disruptions may result in cancellations and reduced demand for our products and services, resulting in decreased revenues, or in cost increases relating to our use of power and data storage. After adopting new technologies, applications and processes, such as cloud computing, virtualization and agile software development, we may experience unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products, services and client support. We may also incur increased operating expenses to recover data, repair, replace or remediate systems, equipment or facilities, and to protect ourselves from such disruptions. Accordingly, any significant failures, disruptions or instability affecting our information technology platform, cloud providers, data centers, production and delivery systems, applications, processes or the Internet could negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients, damage our brand and reputation and result in litigation, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our use of open source code could introduce security vulnerabilities, impose unanticipated delays or costs in deploying our products or services, or impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products or services or keep them confidential. 
 We rely on open source code to develop software and to incorporate it in our products and internal systems. The use of open source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims, the quality of the code or the security of the code. Some open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary code with open source code and distribute it in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary applications to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. Additionally, the terms of many open source code licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by U.S. courts. Therefore, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties on terms that are not commercially feasible, to make generally available portions of our proprietary code, to re-engineer our products or systems, to discontinue the licensing of our products if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely or cost-effective basis, or to take other remedial action that could divert resources away from our development efforts. Any of these requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Strategy and Growth Risks 
 Our business may be affected by changes in economic conditions and the global capital markets, including resulting from geopolitical events, adverse equity market conditions, volatility in the financial markets and evolving investment trends. Such changes could decrease the use of our products and services which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business is impacted by economic conditions, volatility in the global capital markets and evolving investment trends (including conditions, volatility and trends that result from geopolitical events, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the related global escalation of geopolitical tensions). Our clients use our products for a variety of purposes, including benchmarking, performance attribution, portfolio construction and risk management, and to support investment strategies including ESG, climate, factor, thematic, private asset and MAC investing. Volatile capital markets, geopolitical instability or unrest and other economic and market conditions and trends, including a recession or other significant financial-market event or crisis, may impact whether, how, where and when investors choose to invest, for example between developed or emerging markets, U.S. or non-U.S. markets, as well as whether to adopt different investment strategies. 
 A portion of our revenues comes from clients who use our indexes as the basis for indexed investment products. These fees are primarily based on a client s assets under management or trading volumes, and if the level of assets under management or trading 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 volumes declines, we expect our fee-based revenue to show a corresponding decline. The value of an investment product s assets may increase or decrease in response to changes in market performance and cash inflows and outflows, which could impact our revenues. 
 Additionally, an increasing portion of our revenues comes from products and services that relate to certain investment trends, such as ESG and climate, factor, thematic, private asset and MAC investing. A decline in the equity markets or movement away from such investment trends, including as a result of changing economic conditions or political or regulatory concerns or scrutiny, could decrease demand for our related products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting clients in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Competition exists across all markets for our products and services. Our competitors range in size from large companies with substantial resources to small, single-product businesses that are highly specialized. Our larger competitors may have access to more resources and may be able to achieve greater economies of scale, and our specialized competitors may be more effective in devoting technical, marketing and financial resources to compete with us with respect to a particular product or service. Some competitors may offer price incentives or different pricing structures that are more attractive to clients. The competitive landscape may also experience consolidation in the form of mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic partnerships, which result in a narrower pool of competitors that are better capitalized or that are able to gain a competitive advantage through synergies. 
 Barriers to entry may be low or declining in many of the markets for our products and services, including for single-purpose product companies, which could lead to the emergence of new competitors. For example, more broker-dealers, data suppliers, credit rating agencies or other market participants or vendors could begin developing their own content such as proprietary risk analytics, ESG and climate data or indexes. Recent developments, including increases in the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information through Internet sources or other low-cost delivery systems, advances in cloud computing, increased use of open source code, the ability of machine learning and other artificial intelligence systems to process and organize large data sets, as well as client development of proprietary applications in specific areas, have further reduced barriers to entry in some cases. 
 We may experience pressures to reduce our fees on account of financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients, including those resulting from weak or volatile economic or market conditions, including uncertainty regarding a global recession or significant financial-market event or crisis, the duration and long-term economic and societal consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the inflationary environment, which may lead certain clients to reduce their overall spending on our products or services, including by seeking similar products or services at a lower cost than what we are able to provide, by consolidating their spending with fewer providers, by consolidating with other clients or by self-sourcing certain of their information and analytical needs. Accordingly, competitive and market pressures may result in fewer clients or reduced sales, including as a result of client closures and consolidations, price reductions, prolonged selling and renewal cycles and increased operating costs, such as for marketing and product development, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 To remain competitive, we must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage product transitions and integrations. 
 To remain competitive, we must continually introduce new products and services; enhance existing products and services, including through integration of products and services within MSCI and with third-party platforms; collect, organize, analyze and protect large amounts of information to generate insights; and effectively generate client demand for new and enhanced products and services. We may not be successful in developing, introducing, implementing, marketing, pricing, launching or licensing new products or enhancements on a timely or cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and systems. Any new products and enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or industry standards or achieve market acceptance. 
 The process of developing and enhancing our products and services is complex and may become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of new platforms, operating systems, technologies and client expectations. This process often requires effective collaboration across various functions and product lines, and ineffective or insufficient collaboration may harm our ability to meet our business objectives. In addition, our reputation could be harmed if we are perceived as not innovating rapidly enough to meet the changing needs of investors or their advisors. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in new or enhanced products and services that satisfy our clients needs and generate adequate revenues. From time to time, we also incur costs to integrate existing products and services and transition clients to enhanced products and services, which also present execution risks and challenges and could lead to price reductions or other concessions. If we are unable to effectively manage the development of new or enhanced products and services, we 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 may not be able to remain competitive and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our global operations and any future expansions may continue to place significant strain on our management and other resources, as well as subject us to additional, and in some cases unanticipated, risks and costs in connection with political, economic, legal, operational and other issues resulting from our increased global footprint, which could materially adversely impact our businesses. 
 Our global operations and any future expansion are expected to continue to place significant demands on our personnel, management and other resources. In our existing global operations or any future expansion, including as a result of acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will effectively attract, engage and retain qualified personnel, develop and retain effective leadership in all our locations; operate and expand our physical facilities and information technology, legal and compliance infrastructure; integrate acquired businesses; or otherwise adequately manage our global operations and any future expansion. 
 Our global operations also expose us to political, economic, legal, operational, reputational, franchise and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries, including risks of possible capital controls, exchange controls, customs duties, sanctions compliance, tax penalties, levies or assessments, legal uncertainty, broad regulatory discretion and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or political and governmental instability in certain of the countries or regions in which we conduct operations. The majority of our employees are located in offices outside of the U.S., and a number of those employees are located in emerging market locations. The cost of establishing and maintaining these offices, including costs related to information technology infrastructure, as well as the costs of attracting, training and retaining employees in these locations may be higher, or may increase at a faster rate, than we anticipate. Additionally, public health epidemics impacting the global economy and our employees, such as the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The laws and regulations in many countries applicable to our business are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult or costly for us to determine and remain compliant with the exact requirements of local laws in every market. Our inability to maintain consistent internal policies and procedures across our offices and remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally. 
 Demand for our products and services is still nascent in many parts of the world, particularly in emerging market locations where risk management and ESG and climate integration practices are often not fully developed. In addition, the data required to model local securities in some emerging markets might be difficult to source and local investment product nuances may be difficult or costly to model. If we do not appropriately tailor our products and services to fit the needs of the local market, we may be unable to effectively grow sales of our products and services in some locations outside of the U.S. There can be no assurances that demand for our products and services will develop in these countries. 
 Any failure to effectively manage expansion or to effectively manage the business globally could damage our brand and reputation, result in increased costs and litigation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations, or the introduction of new laws, rules or regulations or changes to existing laws, rules or regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules, orders, regulations, codes or other requirements could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions, fines or other penalties, as well as damage our brand and reputation. The financial services industry, within which we and many of our clients operate, is subject to extensive laws, rules and regulations at the federal and state levels, as well as by foreign governments, with some jurisdictions regulating indexes directly. These laws, rules and regulations are complex, evolve frequently and sometimes quickly and unexpectedly, and are subject to administrative interpretation and judicial construction in ways that are difficult to predict, and could materially adversely affect our business and our clients businesses. Uncertainty caused by political change globally heightens regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, we may be required to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, rules or regulations in various jurisdictions, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in materially higher compliance costs to us. It is possible that laws, rules or regulations could cause us to restrict or change the way we license and price our products and services across our offerings, including if data or information from one offering is used in another offering, or could impose additional costs on us. Changes to the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our clients could limit our clients ability to use our products and services or could otherwise impact our clients demand for our products and services. As such, to the extent that our clients become subject to certain laws, rules or regulations, we may incur higher costs in connection 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 with modifying our products or services. To the extent that we rely on our clients and vendors to provide data for our products and services and certain laws, rules or regulations impact our clients and vendors ability or willingness to provide that data to us or regulate the fees for which such data can be provided, our ability to continue to produce our products and services or the related costs could be negatively impacted. The regulations and regulatory developments that most significantly impact us are described below: 
 Brexit. The United Kingdom UK exited the European Union EU on January 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as Brexit and the UK s membership in the EU single market ended on December 31, 2020. On December 24, 2020, the UK and the EU announced that they had struck a new bilateral trade and cooperation deal governing the future relationship between the UK and the EU (the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement which was formally approved by the 27 member states of the EU on December 29, 2020. In March 2021, the UK and EU agreed on a framework for voluntary regulatory cooperation and dialogue on financial services issues between them in a Memorandum of Understanding (the MOU ), which is expected to be signed after formal steps are completed, although this has not yet occurred. There remain uncertainties related to Brexit and the new relationship between the UK and EU that will continue to be developed and defined, as well as uncertainties related to the wider trading, legal, regulatory, tax and labor environments, and the resulting impact on our business and that of our clients. For instance, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, benchmarks provided by a third-country (i.e. non-EU) benchmark administrator may be used by EU-supervised entities in the EU if the benchmark administrator applies for recognition, endorsement or if its home jurisdiction s regime is deemed equivalent by the European Commission. The EU Benchmarks Regulation currently provides for a transition period until December 31, 2023, allowing supervised entities to continue to utilize benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators. The European Commission has indicated that it may further extend the transition period for the use of benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators until at least January 1, 2026. One of our subsidiaries is authorized as a UK benchmark administrator regulated by the UK FCA, we have significant operations in the EU and certain members of our senior management team are based in the UK. As a result, uncertainties related to Brexit and the new relationship between the UK and EU could increase our costs of doing business, or in some cases, affect our ability to do business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Regulation Affecting Benchmarks. Compliance efforts associated with regulations affecting benchmarks or their uses and any related technical standards and guidance could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. In particular, compliance requirements could lead to a change in our business practices, product offerings or our ability to offer indexes in certain jurisdictions, including the EU, including without limitation, by increasing our costs of doing business, including direct costs paid to regulators, diminishing our intellectual property rights, impacting the fees we can charge for our indexes, imposing constraints on our ability to meet contractual commitments to our data providers, imposing constraints on how we offer our products or causing our data providers to refuse to provide data to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our index products. 
 For example, the benchmark industry is subject to regulations in the EU, such as Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended), which is also applicable in the UK as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended), as well as increased scrutiny and potential new or increased regulation in various other jurisdictions. Additionally, the European Securities and Markets Authority ESMA issues guidance from time to time regarding interpretations of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (such as Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended) and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014). The ESMA Guidelines on ETFs and other UCITS Issues limit the types of indexes that can be used as the basis of Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities UCITS funds and require, among other things, index constituents, together with their respective weightings, to be made easily accessible free of charge, such as via the internet, to investors and prospective investors on a delayed and periodic basis. The International Organization of Securities Commissions IOSCO recommends that benchmark administrators, on a voluntary basis, publicly disclose whether they comply with the principles for financial benchmarks published by IOSCO. Other jurisdictions have also indicated they may consider potential benchmark regulation or conduct reviews of the benchmark industry. For instance, the UK FCA has announced that it will conduct a market study into how competition is working in the markets for benchmarks and indices. The heightened attention and scrutiny on benchmarks and index providers by regulators, policymakers and the media in the EU, the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world could result in negative publicity or comments about the role or influence of our company or the index industry generally, which could harm our reputation and credibility. 
 Further, laws, rules, regulations and orders affecting users of our indexes can have an indirect impact on our indexes, including their construction and composition, such as sanctions that prohibit users of our indexes from investing or transacting in securities included in our indexes. 
 Data Privacy Legislation. Changes in laws, rules or regulations, or consumer environments relating to privacy or data collection and use may affect our ability to collect, manage, aggregate, store, transfer and use personal data. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 There could be a material adverse impact on our direct marketing due to the enactment of legislation or industry regulations, or simply a change in practices, arising from public concern over privacy issues. Restrictions or bans could be placed, or penalties could be levied, relating to the collection, management, aggregation, storage, transfer and use of information that is currently legally available, in which case our costs related to handling information could increase materially. For example, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which took effect on January 1, 2023 and significantly amends and expands the CCPA. The CCPA and CPRA regulate the processing of personal data of all Californians and imposes significant penalties for non-compliance. The European General Data Protection Regulation imposes enhanced operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the EU and includes significant penalties for non-compliance. In Japan, the Act on the Protection of Personal Information regulates the use of personal information and personal data of data subjects for business purposes without regard to whether such use is within Japan. In addition, other jurisdictions, including China and India, are considering imposing or have already imposed additional restrictions on the use and transfer of personal and other types of data. 
 Investment Advisers Act. Except with respect to certain products provided by MSCI ESG Research LLC and certain of its designated foreign affiliates, we believe that our products and services do not constitute or provide investment advice as contemplated by the Advisers Act. See Part I, Item 1. Business Government Regulation above. The Advisers Act imposes fiduciary duties, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients, as well as general anti-fraud prohibitions. Future developments in our product lines or changes to current laws, rules, regulations or interpretations could cause this status to change, requiring other entities in our corporate family to register as investment advisers under the Advisers Act or comply with similar laws or requirements in states or foreign jurisdictions. In the U.S., the SEC has recently sought public comment on the role of certain third-party information providers to the asset management industry, including index providers and model providers, and whether, under particular facts and circumstances, information providers are acting as investment advisers under the Advisers Act. The specific questions in the SEC s request for comment demonstrate that the SEC is considering whether, and to what extent, information providers, including index providers, should register as investment advisers and be subject to all aspects of the Advisers Act. The SEC s request for comment is far-reaching and could lead to regulation pursuant to the Advisers Act or other framework. If our index business were to be deemed an investment adviser, we could be deemed a fiduciary to our clients, increasing the costs and complexity of our business. In addition, aspects of this regulatory framework may be at odds with our obligations under other benchmark regulations. The SEC has also recently proposed a rule that would prohibit SEC-registered investment advisers from outsourcing certain services or functions to service providers that do not meet minimum requirements. This proposed rule would impose on investment advisers due diligence, monitoring and record-keeping requirements of their service providers, and index providers, among others, are identified as service providers that could fall within the scope of the proposed requirements. This proposed rule could therefore impose additional requirements on our business. 
 In some instances, in connection with the provision of data and services, we have incurred additional costs to implement processes and systems at the request of our clients to ensure that the products and services that they in turn provide to their clients using our data are compliant with the financial regulations to which our clients may be subject. For example, a U.S. Executive Order prohibiting many of our clients from transacting in the securities of certain Chinese companies resulted in our decision to remove these companies from relevant indexes in order to support our clients needs that our indexes meet their objective to be replicable in investment portfolios. To the extent that our clients are subject to increased regulation, we may be indirectly impacted and could incur increased costs that could have a negative impact on the profitability of certain products. 
 Additionally, there has been increased attention on and scrutiny of index and ESG rating and data providers by politicians, regulators, policymakers and the media, which could create negative publicity that could harm our reputation or credibility as well as result in new or additional regulation that could increase our costs and have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, IOSCO has asked regulators to consider focusing more attention on the use of ESG ratings and data products. In the EU, the European Commission published a Summary Report in August 2022, following a targeted consultation on the functioning of the ESG ratings market in the EU and on the consideration of ESG factors in credit ratings, which the Commission will use to consider the need for possible policy initiatives. In addition, in December 2022, the UK government announced a consultation on the regulation of ESG ratings. Furthermore, in December 2022, the Japan Financial Services Agency published a Code of Conduct for ESG rating and data providers, and the UK FCA announced the formation of an industry-led group to develop a voluntary Code of Conduct for ESG data and ratings providers. These or similar regulatory regimes or initiatives could impose significant compliance burdens and costs on our ESG and Climate products and services. Furthermore, regulation in multiple jurisdictions may be inconsistent, which could create implementation challenges and result in inadvertent noncompliance. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Legal protections for our intellectual property rights and other rights may not be sufficient or available to protect our competitive advantages. Third parties may infringe on our intellectual property rights or we may infringe upon their intellectual property rights, which, in each case, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We consider many aspects of our products and services to be proprietary. We rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights and trademark rights, laws regarding unfair competition and the misappropriation of intellectual property, as well as technical measures and contractual protections, such as non-disclosure obligations, to protect our products and services. Moreover, we license or acquire technology that we incorporate into our services and products, and third parties or previous owners may not have taken sufficient measures to protect intellectual property. Despite our best efforts, we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights, and the rights of those from whom we license or acquire intellectual property, are adequate to prevent unauthorized use, misappropriation, distribution or theft of our intellectual property. 
 Intellectual property laws in various jurisdictions in which we operate are subject to change or varying interpretations at any time and could further restrict our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. The enforceability of intellectual property rights and obligations under our agreements, as well as the availability of remedies in the event of a breach, may vary due to the different jurisdictions in which our clients and employees are located. Failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm us, our brand or reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. 
 There is no guarantee that any intellectual property rights that we may obtain will protect our competitive advantages, nor is there any assurance that our competitors will not infringe upon our rights. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop and protect products and services that are the same or similar to ours. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property or confidential information, or to take the necessary steps to enforce our rights. In addition, our products and services, or third-party products that we provide to our clients, could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. 
 Pursuing intellectual property claims to preserve our intellectual property rights or responding to intellectual property claims, regardless of merit, can consume valuable time, and result in costly litigation or delays, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful. From time to time, we receive claims or notices from third parties alleging infringement or potential infringement of their intellectual property rights; and the number of these claims may grow. These intellectual property claims would likely be costly to defend and could require us to pay damages, limit our future use of certain technologies, harm our brand and reputation, significantly increase our costs and prevent us from offering some services or products. We may need to settle such claims on unfavorable terms, pay damages, stop providing or using the affected products or services, undertake workarounds or substantial reengineering of our products or services or enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may include terms that are not commercially acceptable to us. From time to time, we receive notices calling upon us to defend partners, clients, suppliers or distributors against third-party claims under indemnification clauses in our contracts. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 There have been a number of lawsuits in multiple jurisdictions, including in the U.S. and Germany, regarding whether issuers of indexed investment products are required to obtain a license from the index owner or whether issuers may issue investment products based on publicly available index-level data without obtaining permission from (or making payment to) the index owner. The outcome of these cases depends on a number of factors, including the governing law, the amount of information about the index available without a license and the other particular facts and circumstances of the cases. In some instances, the results have been unfavorable to the index owner. If courts or regulators or other governmental bodies in relevant jurisdictions determine that a license is not required to issue investment products linked to indexes, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It might also lead to changes in current industry practices such that we would no longer make our index level data publicly available, such as via our website or news media, on a timely basis. 
 Some of our products and services help our clients to meet their regulatory requirements. Changes to regulatory requirements may obviate the need for these products or services or may cause us to invest in enhancing the products or services to help our clients meet the new regulatory requirements. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk. 
 We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk. Exchange rate movements can impact the U.S. dollar reported value of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies or where the currency of such items is different than the functional currency of the entity where these items were recorded. Additionally, the value of assets in indexed investment products can fluctuate significantly over short periods of time and such volatility may be further impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 We manage certain portions of our foreign currency exchange rate risk, in part, through the use of derivative financial instruments comprised principally of forward contracts on foreign currency which are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Any derivative financial instruments that we are currently party to or may enter into in the future may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 To the extent that our international activities recorded in local currencies increase or decrease in the future, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may correspondingly increase or decrease and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our indebtedness could materially adversely affect our cash flows and financial flexibility. 
 For an overview of our current outstanding indebtedness, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Although we believe that our cash flows will be sufficient to service our outstanding indebtedness, we cannot provide assurance that we will generate and maintain cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. Our ability to make payments on indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on our ability to generate and access cash in the future, which, in turn, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to pay our obligations as they mature, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. If we are unable to secure additional financing on terms favorable or acceptable to us or at all, we could also be forced to sell assets to make up for any shortfall in our payment obligations. If we cannot refinance or otherwise pay our obligations as they mature and fund our liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and ability to compete in our industry could be materially adversely affected. 
 We may need or want to refinance our existing debt or incur additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we do so, we may be subject to less favorable terms. The risks related to our level of indebtedness could also intensify, including by making it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our business or placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 Furthermore, the terms of our debt agreements include restrictive covenants that limit, among other things, our and our existing and future subsidiaries financial flexibility. If we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements, there could be a default that, in some cases, if continuing, could result in the accelerated payment of our debt obligations or the termination of borrowing commitments on the part of the lenders under our revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility) or our term loan A facility (the TLA Facility under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended, supplemented, modified or amended and restated from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility, and the TLA Facility was fully drawn. 
 In 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. The administrator for LIBOR announced on March 5, 2021 that it will permanently cease to publish most LIBOR settings beginning on January 1, 2022 and cease to publish the overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month USD LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023. Accordingly, the FCA has stated that it does not intend to persuade or compel banks to submit to LIBOR after such respective dates. Until such time, however, FCA panel banks have agreed to continue to support LIBOR. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, is recommending replacing USD LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. 
 In 2022, we amended our prior credit agreement to, among other things, replace LIBOR with SOFR. Any borrowings under the credit facilities under our Credit Agreement are primarily based on SOFR. It is unknown whether SOFR will attain market acceptance as a replacement for LIBOR and, because SOFR differs fundamentally from LIBOR, there is no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have performed at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for LIBOR. As a result, we cannot reasonably predict the potential effect, if any, of the replacement of LIBOR with SOFR or the establishment of other alternative reference rates on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we have incurred variable rate indebtedness under the TLA Facility, and we may incur variable rate indebtedness under our Revolving Credit Facility, which subjects us to interest rate risk generally and could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 A change in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Our credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of our common stock or outstanding debt. Our outstanding debt under our senior unsecured notes (the Senior Notes currently has non-investment grade ratings. Any rating assigned to our debt is subject to ongoing evaluation by the credit rating agencies and could be lowered or withdrawn entirely at any time by any of the agencies if, in the agency s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. Such future circumstances include, but are not limited to, adverse changes to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, or revisions to our corporate strategy pertaining to capitalization or leverage. Any such downgrade or withdrawal could adversely affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. 
 In addition, our debt covenants contain certain obligations that are triggered by a change in our credit rating, including obligations to make repurchase offers to the noteholders of our Senior Notes if we experience one of the specified kinds of changes in control and related lowering of our credit ratings, as detailed in the indentures governing our Senior Notes. 
 Any adverse change in our credit rating could have a negative effect on our liquidity and future growth through transactions in which we rely on the ability to receive debt capital at an advantageous cost and on favorable terms. Accordingly, actual or anticipated changes or downgrades to or withdrawal of our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review or have been assigned a negative outlook, could result in damage to our brand and reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and on the market value of our common stock and outstanding debt. 
 We may have exposure to tax liabilities in various jurisdictions. Future changes in tax law could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. 
 We are subject to income taxes, as well as non-income or indirect taxes, in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. In the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 
 Changes in domestic and international tax laws could negatively impact our overall effective tax rate. Over the last several years, many jurisdictions and intergovernmental organizations have been discussing or are in the process of implementing proposals that may change aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including to ensure that multinational enterprises pay a global minimum tax, among other changes. Recent pronouncements and directives related to this project suggest an implementation of the proposed 15 global minimum tax in the near term. Continued negotiations on important details of this project are ongoing, and ultimate enactment and timing in the EU, United States, UK and other jurisdictions remain uncertain. Based on our current understanding of these proposals and directives, we expect that we may be within their scope and that their implementation could impact the amount of tax we have to pay. 
 We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. We may be subject to additional tax liabilities as the jurisdictions in which we do business globally are increasingly focused on digital taxes and the treatment of remote workforces. Although we believe that our tax provisions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. To the extent we are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, such differences could have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Statement of Income for a particular future period. In addition, an unfavorable tax settlement could require use of our cash and result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period in which such resolution occurs. 
 General Risks 
 Our business performance might not be sufficient for us to meet the full-year financial guidance or long-term targets that we provide publicly. 
 We provide certain full-year financial guidance and long-term targets to the public based upon our assumptions regarding our expected financial performance that may not always prove to be accurate and may vary from actual results. In addition, uncertainty regarding macroeconomic factors such as inflation could impact our ability to forecast costs, which inform our financial guidance and long-term targets. If we fail to meet the full-year financial guidance or achieve the long-term targets that we provide, or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance or targets, the market value of our common stock or other securities could be adversely affected. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our growth and profitability may not continue at the same rate as we have experienced in the past for several reasons, including if our operating costs are higher than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We have experienced significant revenue and earnings growth since we began operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the levels of growth and profitability that we have experienced in the past. If we experience higher than expected operating costs, including increased compensation costs, regulatory compliance costs, occupancy costs, selling and marketing costs, investments in geographic expansion, market data costs, software license costs, communication costs, travel costs, application development costs, professional fees, costs related to information technology infrastructure, cloud usage and other IT costs, and we cannot adjust to these costs, our operating results may fluctuate significantly or our anticipated profitability may be reduced and our anticipated results of operations and financial position may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be as successful in our product development, selling and marketing efforts, or capital return or allocation strategies as we have been in the past, or that such efforts will result in growth or profit margins comparable to those we have experienced in the past. 
 We may be exposed to liabilities as a result of failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to our global operations, including anti-corruption laws, and any determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to complex laws and regulations that are applicable to our global operations, such as laws and regulations governing economic and trade sanctions, tariffs, embargoes, anti-boycott restrictions and anti-corruption and other similar laws and regulations. Any determination that we have violated these laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In particular, we are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or benefits or offers of payments or benefits to foreign governments and their officials and, in some cases, to employees of a business for the purpose of directing, obtaining or retaining business. We conduct business in countries and regions that are less developed than the U.S. and in some cases are generally recognized as potentially more corrupt business environments. Our activities in these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees or agents that could be in violation of various anti-corruption laws including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA and the UK Bribery Act 2010. 
 We have implemented safeguards and policies to discourage these types of practices by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than fully effective, and our employees or agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. If employees violate our policies or we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions we may be subject to regulatory fines, sanctions, damages or other penalties or costs. Violations of any of these laws, including the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws, may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, damage our brand and reputation and subject us to other liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we are unable to successfully identify, execute and realize expected returns and synergies from acquisitions or strategic partnerships or investments, or if we experience integration, financing, or other risks resulting from our acquisitions or strategic partnerships or investments, our financial results may be materially adversely affected. 
 An element of our growth strategy is growth through acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investments. Despite our best efforts to continue pursuing such transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and execute transactions with suitable strategic partners, investment opportunities or attractive acquisition candidates at acceptable terms. In addition, we may require additional debt or equity financing for future acquisitions and doing so may be made more difficult by the terms of our existing indebtedness. 
 Our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from our past and future acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investments depends, in part, upon our ability to effectively leverage or integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions and personnel of these businesses. We cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in integrating acquired businesses, that our acquired businesses will perform at the levels we anticipate or that our strategic partnerships and investments will advance the long-term growth strategy of our company. Our past and future acquisitions, strategic partnerships and investments may subject us to unanticipated risks or liabilities, including the potential to disrupt our operations. Additionally, strategic partnerships may increase our reliance on third parties, which may result in future disruptions if those partnerships are unsuccessful or discontinued or the content or level of support provided by strategic partners is diminished. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 If we experience a high level of acquisition, strategic partnership or investment-related activity within a limited period of time, the probability that certain of these risks would occur would likely increase. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in completing acquisitions of other businesses or assets, executing strategic partnerships or investments, or if such opportunities for expansion do not arise, our brand or reputation could suffer, and our future growth, business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from our acquisitions could be impaired as a result of future business conditions, requiring us to record substantial write-downs that would reduce our operating income. 
 We evaluate the recoverability of recorded goodwill amounts annually or when evidence of potential impairment exists. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. These impairment tests are based on several factors requiring management s judgment. Changes in fair market valuations and our operating performance or business conditions, in general, could result in future impairments of goodwill or intangible assets which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if we are not successful in achieving anticipated operating efficiencies associated with acquisitions, our goodwill and intangible assets may become impaired. 
 If we fail to attract, develop or retain the necessary qualified personnel, including through our compensation programs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The development, maintenance and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, skills, experience and abilities of our employees. Accordingly, we believe the success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. Although we do not believe that we are overly dependent upon any individual employee, our management and other employees may terminate employment at any time, and the loss of any of our key employees and our inability to replace them with suitable candidates quickly or at all, as well as any negative market perception resulting from such loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We compete for key employees not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services and financial services companies, and there is a limited pool of employees who have the skills and training needed to do our work. Competition for these employees is intense, and employee turnover may impact our objectives and place strain on our human resources teams. We may not be able to attract these employees or to develop and retain similar highly qualified personnel in the future. 
 Rising compensation expenses could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain high-quality employees. Competitors may seek to attract talent by providing more favorable working conditions or offering significantly more attractive compensation packages. If our compensation programs do not adequately engage our key employees or are not competitive, or if we fail to attract, engage and retain the necessary qualified personnel, the quality of our products and services as well as our ability to support and retain our clients and achieve business objectives may suffer. 
 We cannot provide any guaranty that we will continue to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 The timing, price and volume of repurchases of shares of our common stock will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws and other factors. The stock repurchases may be made from time to time, through one or more open market repurchases or privately negotiated transactions, including, without limitation, accelerated share repurchase transactions, trading plans or derivative transactions, or otherwise. 
 Share repurchases under our share repurchase program constitute components of our capital return strategy, which we fund with free operating cash flow and borrowings. However, we are not required to make any share repurchases under our share repurchase program. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any set dollar amount or number of shares and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time without prior notice. The reduction or elimination of our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Additionally, the existence of a share repurchase program could cause the market price of our common stock to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our shares. As a result, any repurchase program may not ultimately result in enhanced value to our shareholders and may not prove to be the best use of our cash resources. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Nothing required to be disclosed. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal offices consisted of the following leased properties: 
 Location Square Feet Expiration Date New York, New York 125,811 (1) February 28, 2033 Budapest, Hungary 70,833 February 28, 2029 Mumbai, India 63,143 July 31, 2032 Monterrey, Mexico 56,213 October 31, 2028 Manila, Philippines 31,544 February 28, 2027 London, England 30,519 December 25, 2026 Pune, India 24,434 January 19, 2026 Berkeley, California 19,808 February 28, 2030 
 ________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, 41,759 square feet of this location have been subleased. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had more than 30 leased and occupied locations of which the principal offices are listed above. We believe that our properties are in good operating condition and adequately serve our current business operations. We also anticipate that suitable additional or alternative space, including those under lease options, will be available at commercially reasonable terms for future expansion. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be instituted or asserted against the Company in the ordinary course of business. While the amounts claimed could be substantial, the ultimate liability cannot now be determined because of the considerable uncertainties that exist. Therefore, it is possible that MSCI s business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows in a particular period could be materially affected by certain contingencies. However, based on facts currently available, management believes that the disposition of matters that are currently pending or asserted will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on MSCI s business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Stock Price and Dividends 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MSCI. As of February 3, 2023, there were 109 shareholders of record of our common stock. Because many shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of beneficial holders, we are unable to estimate the total number of shareholders represented by these shareholders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 The payment amounts of future dividends will be determined by the Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition and capital requirements, business conditions, corporate law requirements and other factors. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information on our dividend policy. 
 Stock Repurchases 
 Our Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase program for the purchase of the Company s common stock in the open market. See Note 11, Shareholders Equity (Deficit), of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information on our stock repurchase program. 
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company of its shares of common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate 
 Dollar 
 Value of Shares 
 that May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under 
 the Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 October 1, 2022-October 31, 2022 
 163,117 430.06 163,064 1,304,379,000 November 1, 2022-November 30, 2022 
 167 502.00 1,304,379,000 December 1, 2022-December 31, 2022 
 1,304,379,000 Total 163,284 430.14 163,064 1,304,379,000 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes (i) shares purchased by the Company on the open market under the stock repurchase program; (ii) shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations on behalf of employees that occur upon vesting and delivery of outstanding shares underlying restricted stock units; and (iii) shares held in treasury under the MSCI Inc. Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan. The value of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations was determined using the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of withholding, using a valuation methodology established by the Company. 
 (2) See Note 11, Shareholders Equity (Deficit), of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information regarding our stock repurchase program. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Use of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities 
 None. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 FIVE-YEAR STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholders return on our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, the MSCI USA Financials Index and the NYSE Composite Index since December 31, 2017 assuming an investment of 100 at the closing price on December 31, 2017. In calculating total annual shareholders return, reinvestment of dividends, if any, is assumed. The indexes are included for comparative purposes only. They do not necessarily reflect management s opinion that such indexes are an appropriate measure of the relative performance of the common stock. This graph is not soliciting material, is not to be deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 
 Total Investment Value 
 Years Ended December 31, 2017 
 December 31, 2018 
 December 31, 2019 
 December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 
 MSCI Inc. 100 118 209 364 503 386 S P 500 100 96 126 149 192 157 MSCI USA Financials Index (1) 
 100 86 115 113 153 134 NYSE Composite Index (1) 
 100 91 114 122 148 134 
 ________________ 
 (1) To better align with comparable investment opportunities, for the year ended December 31, 2022, MSCI replaced the NYSE Composite Index with the MSCI USA Financials Index. Both indices are presented, in accordance with SEC rules, which require that if a company selects a different index from that used in the immediately preceding fiscal year, the company s stock performance must be compared against both the newly selected index and previous index in the year of change. MSCI USA Financials Index is an index operated by MSCI. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of the operations of MSCI Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of MSCI for the year ended December 31, 2021 can be found in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the 2021 Annual Report ), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and solutions for the global investment community. Our mission-critical offerings help investors address the challenges of a transforming investment landscape and power better investment decisions. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data and technology, we enable our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. We operate in four reportable segments as follows: Index, Analytics, ESG and Climate, and All Other Private Assets. 
 The operating segments of Real Assets and The Burgiss Group, LLC Burgiss do not individually meet the segment reporting thresholds and have been combined and presented as part of the All Other Private Assets reportable segment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we renamed the Real Estate operating segment to Real Assets. 
 Our growth strategy includes: (a) extending leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes, (b) leading the enablement of ESG and climate investment integration, (c) enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, (d) expanding solutions that empower client customization, (e) strengthening client relationships and growing into strategic partnerships with clients and (f) executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. For more information about our Company s operations, see Item 1: Business . 
 
 Key Financial and Operating Metrics and Drivers 
 In evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue and profit growth, including results accounted for under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP as well as non-GAAP measures, for the Company as a whole and by operating segment. 
 We present revenues disaggregated by types and by segments, which represent our major product lines. We also review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. In addition, we utilize operating metrics including Run Rate, subscription sales and Retention Rate to manage and assess performance and to provide deeper insights into the recurring portion of our business. 
 In the discussion that follows, we provide certain variances excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and acquisitions. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations reflect the difference between the current period results as reported compared to the current period results recalculated using the foreign currency exchange rates in effect for the comparable prior period. While operating revenues adjusted for the impact of foreign currency fluctuations includes asset-based fees that have been adjusted for the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the underlying AUM, which is the primary component of asset-based fees, is not adjusted for foreign currency fluctuations. Approximately three-fifths of the AUM is invested in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and accordingly, any such impact is excluded from the disclosed foreign currency-adjusted variances. 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues are presented by type and by reportable segment. For each reportable segment, we present revenues disaggregated by the nature of the revenues, which are recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues. 
 Recurring subscription revenues represent fees earned from clients primarily under renewable contracts and are generally recognized ratably over the term of the license or service pursuant to the contract terms. The fees are recognized as we provide the product and service to the client over the license period and are generally billed in advance, prior to the license start date. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Asset-based fees represent fees earned that are variable in nature, as they are primarily calculated based on the AUM linked to our indexes. Asset-based fees also include revenues related to futures and options contracts linked to our indexes, which are based on trading volumes and fee levels. 
 Non-recurring revenues primarily represent fees earned on products and services where we typically do not have renewal clauses within the contract. Examples of such products and services include one-time license fees, certain derivative financial products, certain implementation services and historical data sets. Based on the nature of the services provided, non-recurring revenues are generally billed either in advance or after delivery and recognized point in time or over the service period. 
 Operating Expenses 
 We group our operating expenses into the following activity categories: 
 Cost of revenues; 
 Selling and marketing; 
 Research and development R D 
 General and administrative G A 
 Amortization of intangible assets; and 
 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 Costs are assigned to these activity categories based on the nature of the expense or, when not directly attributable, an estimated allocation based on the type of effort involved. Cost of revenues, selling and marketing, R D and G A all include both compensation as well as non-compensation related expenses 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues expenses consist of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, cloud service, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support and maintain existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs. 
 Selling and Marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses consist of costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products or product renewals to existing clients and primarily includes the costs of our sales and marketing teams, as well as costs incurred in other departments associated with acquiring new business, including product management, research, technology and sales operations. 
 Research and Development 
 R D expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or enhanced technologies and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily include the costs of development, research, product management, project management and the technology support directly associated with these activities. 
 General and Administrative 
 G A expenses consist of costs primarily related to finance operations, human resources, office of the CEO, legal, corporate technology, corporate development, impairment charges associated with right of use assets and certain other administrative costs that are not directly attributed, but are instead allocated, to a product or service. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets expense relates to definite-lived intangible assets arising from past acquisitions and capitalization of internally developed software projects. Intangibles arising from past acquisitions consist of customer relationships, proprietary data, trademarks and trade names and technology and software. We amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. We have no indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements consists of expenses related to depreciating or amortizing the cost of computer and related equipment, leasehold improvements, software and furniture and fixtures over the estimated useful life of the assets. 
 Other Expense (Income), Net 
 Other expense (income), net consists primarily of interest we pay on our outstanding indebtedness, including losses on early extinguishment of debt, income and losses associated with our equity method investment, foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses, interest we collect on cash and short-term investments, as well as other non-operating income and expense items that may arise from time to time. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as net income before (1) provision for income taxes, (2) other expense (income), net, (3) depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, (4) amortization of intangible assets and, at times, (5) certain other transactions or adjustments, including, when applicable, impairment related to sublease of leased property and certain non-recurring acquisition-related integration and transaction costs. 
 Adjusted EBITDA expenses, a non-GAAP measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as operating expenses less depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements and amortization of intangible assets and, at times, certain other transactions or adjustments, including, when applicable, impairment related to sublease of leased property and certain non-recurring acquisition-related integration and transaction costs. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBITDA expenses are believed to be meaningful measures for management to assess the operating performance of the Company because they adjust for significant one-time, unusual or non-recurring items as well as eliminate the accounting effects of certain capital spending and acquisitions that do not directly affect what management considers to be the Company s ongoing operating performance in the period. All companies do not calculate adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and adjusted EBITDA expenses in the same way. These measures can differ significantly from company to company depending on, among other things, long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments. Accordingly, the Company s computation of the Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBITDA expenses measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures computed by other companies. 
 Run Rate 
 Run Rate is a key operating metric and is important because an increase or decrease in our Run Rate ultimately impacts our future operating revenues over time. At the end of any period, we generally have subscription and investment product license agreements in place for a large portion of total revenues for the following 12 months. We measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as Run Rate. See Operating Metrics Run Rate below for additional information on the calculation of this metric. 
 Subscription Sales 
 Subscription sales is a key operating metric and is important to management because new subscription sales increase our Run Rate and represent future operating revenues that will be recognized over time. See Operating Metrics Sales below for additional information. 
 Retention Rate 
 Retention Rate is a key operating metric and is important to management because subscription cancellations decrease our Run Rate and ultimately our future operating revenues over time. See Operating Metrics Retention Rate below for additional information on the calculation of this metric. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Significant estimates and judgments made by management include such examples as assessment of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and income taxes. We believe the estimates and judgments upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time these estimates and judgments are made. To the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our consolidated financial statements will be affected. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is recorded as a result of business combinations undertaken by the Company when the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net tangible assets and separately identifiable intangible assets acquired. We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis on July 1 st and on an interim basis when certain events and circumstances exist. The test for impairment is performed at the reporting unit level. When testing goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test; however, on a periodic basis, we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative test. When performing the quantitative test for impairment, we use the income approach to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit . Under the income approach, we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. Estimating discounted future cash flows requires significant management judgment including in estimating forecasted future cash flows and determining both discount rates and terminal growth rates. Forecasted future cash flows are estimated based on a combination of historical experience and assumptions regarding the future growth and profitability of each reporting unit. Discount rates are selected based on discount rates of similar public companies to the reporting unit being valued and terminal growth rates are selected based on consideration of growth rates used during the reporting unit s forecast period in combination with economic conditions. These assumptions require management s judgment and changes to these estimates or assumptions could materially affect the determination of the reporting unit s fair value. Any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and its fair value. Based on our qualitative assessment for 2022, we determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the company s reporting units is less than their respective carrying values and no impairments were recorded. 
 Definite Lived Intangible Assets 
 Definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable. These events or circumstances include adverse changes in the manner in which the asset will be used, adverse changes in legal factors related to the asset or negative changes in expected financial performance of the asset, including accumulation of costs and operating losses. Determining whether an event or changes in circumstances warrant an impairment review involves management judgment. 
 Once it is determined that an impairment review is necessary, determination of recoverability is determined based on comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, the asset grouping is considered to be impaired. Measurement of impairment for intangible assets is based on the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, which is based on estimated discounted future cash flows. Estimated undiscounted and discounted cash flows used in the determination and calculation of impairments represent management forecasts and require significant management judgment. While management believes that its forecasts are reasonable, differences between forecasts and actual experience could materially affect the valuations. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable during the years presented. 
 With respect to our acquisition of RCA on September 13, 2021, the valuation of intangible assets, as part of the acquisition method of accounting, was subjective and based, in part, on inputs that were unobservable. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the acquired intangible assets included, forecasted cash flows which were determined based on certain assumptions that included, among others, projected future revenues, and expected market royalty rate, technology obsolescence rates and discount rates. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used, the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of RCA differently from the allocation that we have made. 
 We amortize our intangible assets over the estimated period of economic benefit. If the estimated period of economic benefit is changed, the prospective amortization of the intangible asset could materially change. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and other foreign jurisdictions. Our tax provision is an estimate based on our understanding of laws in federal, state and foreign tax jurisdictions. These laws can be complicated and are difficult to apply to any business. The tax laws also require us to allocate our taxable income to many jurisdictions based on subjective allocation methodologies and information collection processes. 
 Provision for income taxes is provided for using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in our opinion, it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management is required to estimate future taxable income which requires judgment. 
 We must regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we file income tax returns and adjust unrecognized tax benefits when additional information is available or when an event occurs. This assessment requires significant judgment in assessment of tax laws, frequency of tax examinations, and the nature of intercompany transactions and tax positions. 
 
 Factors Affecting the Comparability of Results 
 Acquisition of RCA 
 On September 13, 2021, MSCI completed the acquisition of RCA for an aggregate cash purchase price of 949.0 million, subject to working capital adjustments. See Note 5, Acquisitions, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information on the acquisition of RCA. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Operating Revenues 
 Our operating revenues are grouped by the following types: recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees and non-recurring. We also group operating revenues by major product or reportable segment as follows: Index, Analytics, ESG and Climate and All Other Private Assets, which includes the Real Assets product line and our equity method investment in Burgiss. 
 The following table presents operating revenues by type for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Recurring subscriptions 1,659,523 1,426,040 16.4 Asset-based fees 528,127 553,991 (4.7) Non-recurring 60,948 63,513 (4.0) Total operating revenues 2,248,598 2,043,544 10.0 
 Total operating revenues increased 10.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusting for the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, total operating revenues would have increased 8.9 . 
 Operating revenues from recurring subscriptions increased 16.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by strong growth in Index products, which increased 79.1 million, or 12.2 , strong growth in ESG and Climate products, which increased 60.6 million, or 37.2 , strong growth in All Other - Private Assets products, which increased 60.0 million, or 75.4 , and growth in Analytics products, which increased 33.8 million, or 6.3 . Adjusting for the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, operating revenues from recurring subscriptions would have increased 14.6 . 
 Operating revenues from asset-based fees decreased 4.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by a decline in revenues from ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes and non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes, partially offset by an increase in revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to MSCI indexes. Operating revenues from ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes decreased by 7.7 , primarily driven by a decrease in average basis point fees and average AUM. Operating revenues from non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes decreased by 6.9 , primarily 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 driven by a decrease in average basis point fees, partially offset by an increase in average AUM. Operating revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to MSCI indexes increased by 15.1 , driven by volume increases. 
 The following table presents the value of AUM in ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes and the sequential change of such assets as of the end of each of the periods indicated: 
 Period Ended 2021 2022 (in billions) March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, AUM in ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes (1) (2) 
 1,209.6 1,336.2 1,336.6 1,451.6 1,389.3 1,189.5 1,081.2 1,222.9 Sequential Change in Value Market Appreciation/(Depreciation) 43.2 73.7 (30.7) 56.5 (89.7) (207.3) (105.7) 118.8 Cash Inflows 62.8 52.9 31.1 58.5 27.4 7.5 (2.6) 22.9 Total Change 106.0 126.6 0.4 115.0 (62.3) (199.8) (108.3) 141.7 
 The following table presents the average value of AUM in ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes for the periods indicated: 
 Year-to-Date Average 2021 2022 (in billions) March June September December March June September December AUM in ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes (1) (2) 
 1,169.2 1,230.8 1,274.5 1,309.6 1,392.5 1,338.9 1,295.6 1,267.2 
 ________________ 
 (1) The historical values of the AUM in ETFs linked to our equity indexes as of the last day of the month and the monthly average balance can be found under the link AUM in ETFs Linked to MSCI Equity Indexes on our Investor Relations homepage at http://ir.msci.com . This information is updated mid-month each month. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. The AUM in ETFs also includes AUM in Exchange Traded Notes, the value of which is less than 1.0 of the AUM amounts presented. 
 (2) The value of AUM in ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes is calculated by multiplying the equity ETF net asset value by the number of shares outstanding. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average value of AUM in ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes was down 42.4 billion, or 3.2 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents operating revenues by reportable segment and revenue type for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Operating revenues: Index Recurring subscriptions 729,710 650,629 12.2 Asset-based fees 528,127 553,991 (4.7) Non-recurring 45,372 47,144 (3.8) Index total 1,303,209 1,251,764 4.1 Analytics Recurring subscriptions 567,004 533,178 6.3 Non-recurring 9,103 11,121 (18.1) Analytics total 576,107 544,299 5.8 ESG and Climate Recurring subscriptions 223,160 162,609 37.2 Non-recurring 5,151 3,583 43.8 ESG and Climate total 228,311 166,192 37.4 All Other - Private Assets Recurring subscriptions 139,649 79,624 75.4 Non-recurring 1,322 1,665 (20.6) All Other - Private Assets total 140,971 81,289 73.4 Total operating revenues 2,248,598 2,043,544 10.0 
 Refer to the section titled Segment Results that follows for further discussion of segment revenues. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Total operating expenses increased 7.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, the increase would have been 11.2 . 
 The following table presents operating expenses by activity category for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Operating expenses: Cost of revenues 404,341 358,684 12.7 Selling and marketing 264,583 243,185 8.8 Research and development 107,205 111,564 (3.9) General and administrative 146,857 147,893 (0.7) Amortization of intangible assets 91,079 80,592 13.0 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 26,893 28,901 (6.9) Total operating expenses 1,040,958 970,819 7.2 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues increased 12.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting increases across the All Other - Private Assets, ESG and Climate and Index reportable segments. The change was driven by increases in non-compensation costs, primarily relating to higher information technology costs and professional fees, as well as 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 increases in compensation and benefit costs, reflecting higher wages and salaries and higher severance costs, partially offset by lower incentive compensation costs. 
 Selling and Marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses increased 8.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting increases across the All Other - Private Assets, ESG and Climate and Index segments. The change was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries, benefits and severance costs, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. The change was also driven by higher non-compensation costs, primarily related to higher costs associated with conferences and events and travel. 
 Research and Development 
 R D expenses decreased 3.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by increased capitalization of costs related to internally developed software projects. The decrease was partially offset by higher wages and salaries costs, driven by headcount increases, as well as higher non-compensation costs, reflecting increased information technology costs. Taking into consideration investments eligible for capitalization, R D spending increased across the All Other - Private Assets, ESG and Climate and Index reportable segments, partially offset by decreased spending in the Analytics reportable segment. 
 General and Administrative 
 G A expenses decreased 0.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting decreased spending in the Analytics reportable segment, partially offset by increases across the All Other - Private Assets, ESG and Climate and Index reportable segments. The change was primarily driven by the absence of impairment charges associated with right of use assets and lower transaction costs related to the acquisition of RCA. The decrease was partially offset by higher compensation and benefit costs, primarily relating to higher severance costs, wages and salaries and incentive compensation. 
 The following table presents operating expenses using compensation and non-compensation categories, rather than using activity categories, for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Compensation and benefits 652,364 614,950 6.1 Non-compensation expenses 270,622 246,376 9.8 Amortization of intangible assets 91,079 80,592 13.0 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 26,893 28,901 (6.9) Total operating expenses 1,040,958 970,819 7.2 
 A significant portion of the incentive compensation component of operating expenses is based on the achievement of a number of financial and operating metrics. In a scenario where operating revenue growth and profitability moderate, incentive compensation would be expected to decrease accordingly. 
 Fixed costs constitute a significant portion of the non-compensation component of operating expenses. The discretionary non-compensation component of operating expenses could, however, be reduced in the near-term in a scenario where operating revenue growth moderates. 
 We had 4,759 employees as of December 31, 2022 compared to 4,303 employees as of December 31, 2021, reflecting a 10.6 growth in the number of employees. Continued growth of our emerging market centers around the world is an important factor in our ability to manage and control the growth of our compensation and benefits costs. As of December 31, 2022, 65.0 of our employees were located in emerging market centers compared to 63.2 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Compensation and benefits costs increased 6.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase in salaries and benefits due to headcount growth and an increase in severance costs, partially offset by increased capitalization of costs related to internally developed software projects and lower incentive compensation. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Non-compensation expenses increased 9.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by higher information technology costs, professional fees, market data costs and travel and entertainment expenses, partially offset by lower impairment charges associated with right of use assets, lower non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of RCA as well as decreased other non-income tax expenses as a result of favorable settlements reached in the current period. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets expense increased 13.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by additional amortization recognized on acquired intangible assets from the acquisition of RCA, partially offset by the absence of intangible assets write-off costs. 
 Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements decreased 6.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by lower amortization on software and the lack of impairment charges on leasehold improvements. 
 Total Other Expense (Income), Net 
 The following table shows our other expense (income), net for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Interest income (11,769) (1,497) 686.2 Interest expense 171,571 159,614 7.5 Other expense (income) 3,997 56,472 (92.9) Total other expense (income), net 163,799 214,589 (23.7) 
 Total other expense (income), net decreased 23.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by the absence of debt extinguishment costs and higher interest income, partially offset by higher interest expense associated with higher average outstanding debt balances and by the absence in the current period of a one-time gain of 7.0 million resulting from changes in our ownership interest of Burgiss. 
 Income Taxes 
 The following table shows our income tax provision and effective tax rate for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Provision for income taxes 173,268 132,153 31.1 ETR 16.6 15.4 7.8 
 The effective tax rate of 16.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects the impact of certain favorable discrete items totaling 29.1 million, in relation to pretax income, primarily related to 28.4 million of excess tax benefits recognized on share-based compensation vested during the period. 
 The effective tax rate of 15.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects the impact of certain favorable discrete items totaling 28.3 million, in relation to pretax income, primarily related to 22.7 million of excess tax benefits recognized on share-based compensation vested during the period, a 5.1 million benefit related to prior year settlements, a 2.3 million benefit related to the revaluation of deferred taxes as a result of the enactment of an increase in the UK corporate tax rate and a 2.0 million benefit related to the filing of prior year refund claims, partially offset by a 3.8 million expense related to other prior year items. In addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by the level of earnings. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income 
 The following table shows our net income for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Net income 870,573 725,983 19.9 
 As a result of the factors described above, net income increased 19.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Weighted Average Shares and Common Shares Outstanding 
 The following table shows our weighted average shares and common shares outstanding for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Change Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 80,746 82,508 (2.1 Diluted 81,215 83,479 (2.7 Common shares outstanding 79,960 82,439 (3.0 
 The decrease in weighted average shares and common shares outstanding primarily reflects the impact of share repurchases made pursuant to the stock repurchase program. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 The following table presents non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA expenses and Adjusted EBITDA margin for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Operating revenues: 2,248,598 2,043,544 10.0 Adjusted EBITDA expenses 918,927 846,754 8.5 Adjusted EBITDA 1,329,671 1,196,790 11.1 Operating margin 53.7 52.5 Adjusted EBITDA margin 59.1 58.6 
 The increase in Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin reflects a higher rate of growth in operating revenues as compared to the rate of growth of Adjusted EBITDA expenses, driven by the factors previously described. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA and Operating Expenses to Adjusted EBITDA Expenses 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Net income 870,573 725,983 19.9 Provision for income taxes 173,268 132,153 31.1 Other expense (income), net 163,799 214,589 (23.7) Operating income 1,207,640 1,072,725 12.6 Amortization of intangible assets 91,079 80,592 13.0 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 26,893 28,901 (6.9 Impairment related to sublease of leased property 7,702 (100.0 Acquisition-related integration and transaction costs (1) 
 4,059 6,870 (40.9 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 1,329,671 1,196,790 11.1 Index Adjusted EBITDA 985,407 951,312 3.6 Analytics Adjusted EBITDA 247,895 198,799 24.7 ESG and Climate Adjusted EBITDA 61,094 29,748 105.4 All Other - Private Assets Adjusted EBITDA 35,275 16,931 108.3 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 1,329,671 1,196,790 11.1 
 ________________ 
 (1) Incremental and non-recurring costs attributable to acquisitions directly related to the execution of the transaction and integration of the acquired business that have occurred no later than 12 months after the close of the transaction. 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of operating expenses to Adjusted EBITDA expenses for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Total operating expenses 1,040,958 970,819 7.2 Amortization of intangible assets 91,079 80,592 13.0 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 26,893 28,901 (6.9) Impairment related to sublease of leased property 7,702 (100.0) Acquisition-related integration and transaction costs (1) 
 4,059 6,870 (40.9) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA expenses 918,927 846,754 8.5 Index Adjusted EBITDA expenses 317,802 300,452 5.8 Analytics Adjusted EBITDA expenses 328,212 345,500 (5.0 ESG and Climate Adjusted EBITDA expenses 167,217 136,444 22.6 All Other - Private Assets Adjusted EBITDA expenses 105,696 64,358 64.2 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA expenses 918,927 846,754 8.5 
 ________________ 
 (1) Incremental and non-recurring costs attributable to acquisitions directly related to the execution of the transaction and integration of the acquired business that have occurred no later than 12 months after the close of the transaction. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results 
 The results for each of our four reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are presented below: 
 Index Segment 
 The following table presents the results for the Index segment for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Operating revenues: Recurring subscriptions 729,710 650,629 12.2 Asset-based fees 528,127 553,991 (4.7) Non-recurring 45,372 47,144 (3.8) Operating revenues total 1,303,209 1,251,764 4.1 Adjusted EBITDA expenses 317,802 300,452 5.8 Adjusted EBITDA 985,407 951,312 3.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin 75.6 76.0 
 Index operating revenues increased 4.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by growth from recurring subscriptions, partially offset by a decline in asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, Index operating segment revenues would have increased 4.5 . 
 Revenues from recurring subscriptions increased 12.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by strong growth from both market cap-weighted and factor, ESG and climate Index products. 
 Operating revenues from asset-based fees decreased 4.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by a decline in revenues from ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes and non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes, partially offset by an increase in revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to MSCI indexes. Operating revenues from ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes decreased by 7.7 , primarily driven by a decrease in average basis point fees and average AUM. Operating revenues from non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes decreased by 6.9 , primarily driven by a decrease in average basis point fees, partially offset by an increase in average AUM. Operating revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to MSCI indexes increased by 15.1 , driven by volume increases. 
 Index segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses increased 5.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by higher non-compensation expenses across the cost of revenues, R D and selling and marketing expense categories, primarily relating to higher information technology costs. The change was also driven by higher compensation costs across all expense activity categories, primarily reflecting higher wages and salaries and benefits costs, as a result of increased headcount, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, Index segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses would have increased 9.9 . 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Analytics Segment 
 The following table presents the results for the Analytics segment for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Operating revenues: Recurring subscriptions 567,004 533,178 6.3 Non-recurring 9,103 11,121 (18.1) Operating revenues total 576,107 544,299 5.8 Adjusted EBITDA expenses 328,212 345,500 (5.0) Adjusted EBITDA 247,895 198,799 24.7 Adjusted EBITDA margin 43.0 36.5 
 Analytics operating revenues increased 5.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by growth from recurring subscriptions related to both Multi-Asset Class and Equity Analytics products. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, Analytics operating revenues would have increased 6.8 . 
 Analytics segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses decreased 5.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by lower compensation expenses across all expense activity categories, as a result of lower incentive compensation and increased capitalization of expenses related to internally developed software projects. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, Analytics segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses would have decreased 1.7 . 
 ESG and Climate Segment 
 The following table presents the results for the ESG and Climate segment for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Operating revenues: Recurring subscriptions 223,160 162,609 37.2 Non-recurring 5,151 3,583 43.8 Operating revenues total 228,311 166,192 37.4 Adjusted EBITDA expenses 167,217 136,444 22.6 Adjusted EBITDA 61,094 29,748 105.4 Adjusted EBITDA margin 26.8 17.9 
 ESG and Climate operating revenues increased 37.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by strong growth from recurring subscriptions related to Ratings, Climate and Screening products. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, ESG and Climate operating revenues would have increased 47.5 . 
 ESG and Climate segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses increased 22.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting higher compensation and non-compensation expenses to support growth across all expense categories. The increase was primarily driven by increased salaries and benefits costs, as a result of increased headcount, as well as increased information technology costs and professional fees. The increase was partially offset by increased capitalization of expenses related to internally developed software projects. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, ESG and Climate segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses would have increased 28.0 . 
 All Other Private Assets Segment 
 The following table presents the results for the All Other Private Assets segment for the years indicated: 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Operating revenues: Recurring subscriptions 139,649 79,624 75.4 Non-recurring 1,322 1,665 (20.6) Operating revenues total 140,971 81,289 73.4 Adjusted EBITDA expenses 105,696 64,358 64.2 Adjusted EBITDA 35,275 16,931 108.3 Adjusted EBITDA margin 25.0 20.8 
 All Other Private Assets operating revenues increased 73.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by revenues attributable to the acquisition of RCA as well as growth from recurring subscriptions related to Global Intel, Enterprise Analytics and Climate Value-at-Risk products, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Adjusting for both the impact of the acquisition and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, All Other Private Assets operating revenues would have increased 12.5 . Adjusting for the impact of the acquisition and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations individually, All Other - Private Assets operating revenues would have increased 2.5 and 83.4 , respectively. 
 All Other Private Assets segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses increased 64.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting higher compensation and non-compensation across all spending categories, primarily driven by the acquisition of RCA. Adjusting for the impact of the acquisition and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations individually, All Other - Private Assets segment Adjusted EBITDA expenses would have increased 6.7 and 73.7 , respectively. 
 
 Operating Metrics 
 Run Rate 
 Run Rate estimates at a particular point in time the annualized value of the recurring revenues under our client license agreements Client Contracts for the next 12 months, assuming all Client Contracts that come up for renewal, or reach the end of the committed subscription period, are renewed and assuming then-current currency exchange rates, subject to the adjustments and exclusions described below. For any Client Contract where fees are linked to an investment product s assets or trading volume/fees, the Run Rate calculation reflects, for ETFs, the market value on the last trading day of the period, for futures and options, the most recent quarterly volumes and/or reported exchange fees, and for other non-ETF products, the most recent client-reported assets. Run Rate does not include fees associated with one-time and other non-recurring transactions. In addition, we add to Run Rate the annualized fee value of recurring new sales, whether to existing or new clients, when we execute Client Contracts, even though the license start date, and associated revenue recognition, may not be effective until a later date. We remove from Run Rate the annualized fee value associated with products or services under any Client Contract with respect to which we have received a notice of termination, non-renewal or an indication the client does not intend to continue their subscription during the period and have determined that such notice evidences the client s final decision to terminate or not renew the applicable products or services, even though such notice is not effective until a later date. 
 Changes in our recurring revenues typically lag changes in Run Rate. The actual amount of recurring revenues we will realize over the following 12 months will differ from Run Rate for numerous reasons, including: 
 fluctuations in revenues associated with new recurring sales; 
 modifications, cancellations and non-renewals of existing Client Contracts, subject to specified notice requirements; 
 differences between the recurring license start date and the date the Client Contract is executed due to, for example, contracts with onboarding periods or fee waiver periods; 
 fluctuations in asset-based fees, which may result from changes in certain investment products total expense ratios, market movements, including foreign currency exchange rates, or from investment inflows into and outflows from investment products linked to our indexes; 
 fluctuations in fees based on trading volumes of futures and options contracts linked to our indexes; 
 fluctuations in the number of hedge funds for which we provide investment information and risk analysis to hedge fund investors; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 price changes or discounts; 
 revenue recognition differences under U.S. GAAP, including those related to the timing of implementation and report deliveries for certain of our products and services; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and 
 the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. 
 The following table presents Run Rates by reportable segment as of the dates indicated and the growth percentages over the years indicated: 
 As of (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) Index: Recurring subscriptions 777,633 694,591 12.0 Asset-based fees 514,253 589,320 (12.7) Index total 1,291,886 1,283,911 0.6 Analytics 616,069 585,223 5.3 ESG and Climate 267,019 199,597 33.8 All Other - Private Assets 145,333 135,150 7.5 Total Run Rate 2,320,307 2,203,881 5.3 Recurring subscriptions total 1,806,054 1,614,561 11.9 Asset-based fees 514,253 589,320 (12.7) Total Run Rate 2,320,307 2,203,881 5.3 
 Total Run Rate increased 5.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by an 11.9 increase from recurring subscriptions, offset by a 12.7 decrease from asset-based fees. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscriptions Run Rate would have increased 13.0 . 
 Run Rate from Index recurring subscriptions increased 12.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by strong growth from market cap-weighted, factor, ESG and climate, and custom Index products and special packages. The increase reflected growth across all regions and client segments. 
 Run Rate from Index asset-based fees decreased 12.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by lower AUM in ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes and non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes, partially offset by higher exchange traded futures and options volume. 
 Run Rate from Analytics products increased 5.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by strong growth in Equity Analytics products as well as growth in Multi-Asset Class products, and reflected growth across all regions. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, Analytics Run Rate would have increased 6.6 . 
 Run Rate from ESG and Climate products increased 33.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by strong growth in Ratings, Climate and Screening products. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, ESG and Climate Run Rate would have increased 36.8 . 
 Run Rate from All Other - Private Assets increased 7.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by growth in RCA, Global Intel, Climate Value-at-Risk and Enterprise Analytics products across all regions, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, All Other - Private Assets Run Rate would have increased 11.6 . 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Sales 
 Sales represents the annualized value of products and services clients commit to purchase from MSCI and will result in additional operating revenues. Non-recurring sales represent the actual value of the customer agreements entered into during the period and are not a component of Run Rate. New recurring subscription sales represent additional selling activities, such as new customer agreements, additions to existing agreements or increases in price that occurred during the period and are additions to Run Rate. Subscription cancellations reflect client activities during the period, such as discontinuing products and services and/or reductions in price, resulting in reductions to Run Rate. Net new recurring subscription sales represent the amount of new recurring subscription sales net of subscription cancellations during the period, which reflects the net impact to Run Rate during the period. 
 Total gross sales represent the sum of new recurring subscription sales and non-recurring sales. Total net sales represent the total gross sales net of the impact from subscription cancellations. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents our recurring subscription sales, cancellations and non-recurring sales by reportable segment for the years indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) New recurring subscription sales Index 109,699 99,686 10.0 Analytics 75,584 71,656 5.5 ESG and Climate 78,980 69,964 12.9 All Other - Private Assets 23,213 14,142 64.1 New recurring subscription sales total 287,476 255,448 12.5 Subscription cancellations Index (27,103) (24,399) 11.1 Analytics (37,171) (34,291) 8.4 ESG and Climate (5,618) (4,811) 16.8 All Other - Private Assets (7,569) (6,737) 12.3 Subscription cancellations total (77,461) (70,238) 10.3 Net new recurring subscription sales Index 82,596 75,287 9.7 Analytics 38,413 37,365 2.8 ESG and Climate 73,362 65,153 12.6 All Other - Private Assets 15,644 7,405 111.3 Net new recurring subscription sales total 210,015 185,210 13.4 Non-recurring sales Index 57,560 54,030 6.5 Analytics 11,143 12,407 (10.2) ESG and Climate 4,268 4,135 3.2 All Other - Private Assets 1,264 1,694 (25.4) Non-recurring sales total 74,235 72,266 2.7 Gross sales Index 167,259 153,716 8.8 Analytics 86,727 84,063 3.2 ESG and Climate 83,248 74,099 12.3 All Other - Private Assets 24,477 15,836 54.6 Total gross sales 361,711 327,714 10.4 Net sales Index 140,156 129,317 8.4 Analytics 49,556 49,772 (0.4) ESG and Climate 77,630 69,288 12.0 All Other - Private Assets 16,908 9,099 85.8 Total net sales 284,250 257,476 10.4 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Retention Rate 
 Another key metric is our Retention Rate. The following table presents our Retention Rate by reportable segment for the periods indicated: 
 Index Analytics ESG and Climate All Other - Private Assets (1) 
 Total 2022 Three Months Ended March 31, 96.6 94.4 98.7 94.1 95.9 Three Months Ended June 30, 95.9 94.3 97.3 96.0 95.5 Three Months Ended September 30, 96.9 95.9 97.4 94.8 96.4 Three Months Ended December 31, 95.0 90.0 95.4 92.6 93.0 Year Ended December 31, (2) 
 96.1 93.6 97.2 94.4 95.2 2021 Three Months Ended March 31, 96.6 95.8 97.0 95.1 96.3 Three Months Ended June 30, 95.6 92.7 96.4 93.7 94.4 Three Months Ended September 30, 96.0 93.4 96.1 91.0 94.5 Three Months Ended December 31, 96.0 93.4 96.6 88.1 94.4 Year Ended December 31, (2) 
 96.1 93.8 96.5 90.5 94.7 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Includes RCA s Run Rate commencing as of the acquisition date of September 13, 2021. 
 (2) Retention rate for All Other Private Assets excluding the impact of RCA was 92.7 and 92.4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Retention Rate is an important metric because subscription cancellations decrease our Run Rate and ultimately our future operating revenues over time. The annual Retention Rate represents the retained subscription Run Rate (subscription Run Rate at the beginning of the fiscal year less actual cancels during the year) as a percentage of the subscription Run Rate at the beginning of the fiscal year. 
 The Retention Rate for a non-annual period is calculated by annualizing the cancellations for which we have received a notice of termination or for which we believe there is an intention not to renew or discontinue the subscription during the non-annual period, and we believe that such notice or intention evidences the client s final decision to terminate or not renew the applicable agreement, even though such notice is not effective until a later date. This annualized cancellation figure is then divided by the subscription Run Rate at the beginning of the fiscal year to calculate a cancellation rate. This cancellation rate is then subtracted from 100 to derive the annualized Retention Rate for the period. 
 For example, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded cancellations of 28.1 million. To derive the Retention Rate for the fourth quarter, we annualized the actual cancellations during the quarter of 28.1 million to derive 112.3 million of annualized cancellations. This 112.3 million was then divided by the 1,614.6 million subscription Run Rate at the beginning of the year to derive a cancellation rate of 7.0 . The 7.0 was then subtracted from 100.0 to derive a Retention Rate of 93.0 for the fourth quarter. 
 Retention Rate is computed by operating segment on a product/service-by-product/service basis. In general, if a client reduces the number of products or services to which it subscribes within a segment, or switches between products or services within a segment, we treat it as a cancellation for purposes of calculating our Retention Rate except in the case of a product or service switch that management considers to be a replacement product or service. In those replacement cases, only the net change to the client subscription, if a decrease, is reported as a cancellation. In the Analytics and the ESG and Climate operating segments, substantially all product or service switches are treated as replacement products or services and netted in this manner, while in our Index and Real Assets operating segments, product or service switches that are treated as replacement products or services and receive netting treatment occur only in certain limited instances. In addition, we treat any reduction in fees resulting from a down-sell of the same product or service as a cancellation to the extent of the reduction. We do not calculate Retention Rate for that portion of our Run Rate attributable to assets in index-linked investment products or futures and options contracts, in each case, linked to our indexes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 36.2 of our cancellations occurred in the fourth quarter. In our product lines, Retention Rate is generally higher during the first three quarters and lower in the fourth quarter, as the fourth quarter is traditionally the largest renewal period in the year. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We require capital to fund ongoing operations, internal growth initiatives and acquisitions. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from our operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and credit capacity under our existing credit facility. In addition, we believe we have access to additional funding in the public and private markets. We intend to use these sources of liquidity to, among other things, service our existing and future debt obligations, fund our working capital requirements for capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions and dividend payments, and make repurchases of our common stock. In connection with our business strategy, we regularly evaluate acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities. We believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. 
 Senior Notes and Credit Agreement 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of 4,200.0 million in Senior Notes outstanding. In addition, under the Credit Agreement, we had as of December 31, 2022: (i) an aggregate of 347.8 million in Tranche A Term Loans outstanding under the TLA Facility and (ii) 500 million of undrawn borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 6, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information on our outstanding indebtedness and revolving credit facility. 
 The Senior Notes and the Credit Agreement are fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed by our direct or indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that account for more than 5 of our and our subsidiaries consolidated assets, other than certain excluded subsidiaries (the subsidiary guarantors ). Amounts due under the Credit Agreement are our and the subsidiary guarantors senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with the Senior Notes and any of our other unsecured, unsubordinated debt, senior to any of our subordinated debt and effectively subordinated to our secured debt to the extent of the assets securing such debt. 
 The indentures governing our Senior Notes (the Indentures among us, each of the subsidiary guarantors, and Computershare, National Association, as trustee and successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, contain covenants that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur liens, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, the Indentures restrict our non-guarantor subsidiaries ability to create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness without such non-guarantor subsidiaries guaranteeing the Senior Notes on a pari passu basis. 
 The Credit Agreement contains affirmative and restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and/or the ability of our existing or future subsidiaries to: 
 incur liens and further negative pledges; 
 incur additional indebtedness or prepay, redeem or repurchase indebtedness; 
 make loans or hold investments; 
 merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another person; 
 enter into acquisition transactions; 
 enter into sale/leaseback transactions; 
 issue disqualified capital stock; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of our capital stock or engage in stock repurchases, redemptions and other restricted payments; 
 create new subsidiaries; 
 permit certain restrictions affecting our subsidiaries; 
 change the nature of our business, accounting policies or fiscal periods; 
 enter into any transactions with affiliates other than on an arm s-length basis; and 
 amend our organizational documents or amend, modify or change the terms of certain agreements relating to our indebtedness. 
 The Credit Agreement and the Indentures also contain customary events of default, including those relating to non-payment, breach of representations, warranties or covenants, cross-default and cross-acceleration, and bankruptcy and insolvency events, and, in the case of the Credit Agreement, invalidity or impairment of loan documentation, change of control and customary ERISA defaults in addition to the foregoing. None of the restrictions above are expected to impact our ability to effectively operate the business. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The Credit Agreement also requires us and our subsidiaries to achieve financial and operating results sufficient to maintain compliance with the following financial ratios on a consolidated basis through the termination of the Credit Agreement: (1) the maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis not to exceed 4.25:1.00 (or 4.50:1.00 for two fiscal quarters following a material acquisition) and (2) the minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis of at least 4.00:1.00. As of December 31, 2022, our Consolidated Leverage Ratio was 3.08:1.00 and our Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio was 8.45:1.00. 
 Our non-guarantor subsidiaries under the Senior Notes and the Credit Agreement consist of: (i) domestic subsidiaries of the Company that account for 5 or less of consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries and (ii) any foreign or domestic subsidiary of the Company that is deemed to be a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Our non-guarantor subsidiaries accounted for approximately 1,363.1 million, or 60.6 , of our total revenue for the trailing 12 months ended December 31, 2022, approximately 537.4 million, or 44.5 , of our consolidated operating income for the trailing 12 months ended December 31, 2022, and approximately 1,043.0 million, or 20.9 , of our consolidated total assets (excluding intercompany assets) and 863.5 million, or 14.4 , of our consolidated total liabilities, in each case as of December 31, 2022. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program for the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock in the open market. See Note 11, Shareholders Equity (Deficit), of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information on our stock repurchase program. 
 As of trade date February 9, 2023, a total of 1,304.4 million of authorization remained available under the share repurchase program. This authorization may be modified, suspended or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time without prior notice. 
 Cash Dividends 
 On September 17, 2014, our Board of Directors approved a plan to initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders. On October 30, 2014, we began paying regular quarterly cash dividends and have paid such dividends each quarter thereafter. 
 On January 30, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 1.38 per share for the three months ending March 31, 2023. This reflects an increase of 10.4 over the quarterly cash dividend declared for the three months ended December 31, 2022. The first quarter 2023 dividend is payable on February 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of trading on February 17, 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents the Company s cash and cash equivalents as of the dates indicated: 
 As of (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Cash and cash equivalents 993,564 1,421,449 
 The following table presents the breakdown of the Company s cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,095,369 936,069 Net cash used in investing activities (79,335) (1,035,713) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (1,425,380) 229,505 Effect of exchange rate changes (18,539) (8,933) Net increase (decrease) in cash (427,885) 120,928 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 We typically seek to maintain minimum cash balances globally of approximately 225.0 million to 275.0 million for general operating purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 344.5 million and 542.2 million, respectively, of the cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries. Repatriation of some foreign cash may be subject to certain withholding taxes in local jurisdictions and other distribution restrictions. We believe the global cash and cash equivalent balances that are maintained will be available to meet our global needs whether for general corporate purposes or other needs, including acquisitions or expansion of our products. 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. The year-over-year change was primarily driven by higher cash collections from customers, partially offset by higher payments for cash expenses, mainly reflecting higher cash compensation and benefits costs, information technology costs, professional fees, market data costs and travel entertainment costs. 
 Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation and benefits costs, income taxes, interest expense, information technology costs, professional fees, market data costs and office rent. Historically, the payment of cash for compensation and benefits is at its highest level in the first quarter when we pay discretionary employee compensation related to the previous fiscal year. 
 Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
 The year-over-year change was primarily driven by the absence of cash outflows associated with acquisitions and equity method investment, partially offset by higher capitalized software development costs. 
 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
 The year-over-year change was primarily driven by the impact of lower proceeds from borrowings and higher share repurchases, partially offset by lower repayments on debt. 
 We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing revolving credit facility and our ability to access bank debt and the capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as material capital expenditures and share repurchases, for at least the 12 months following issuance of this Form 10-K and for the foreseeable future thereafter. In addition, we expect that foreign cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents, will continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the 12 months following issuance of this Form 10-K and for the foreseeable future thereafter. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our contractual obligations consist primarily of our debt obligations arising from the issuance of the Senior Notes, Tranche A Term Loans, leases for office space, leases for equipment and other operating leases and obligations to vendors arising out of market data contracts. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations for the periods indicated as of December 31, 2022: 
 Years Ending December 31, (in thousands) Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Senior Notes (1) 
 5,505,073 155,875 155,875 155,875 155,875 155,875 4,725,698 Tranche A Term Loans (2) 
 431,685 30,718 32,309 40,007 44,990 283,661 Operating leases 178,234 28,063 23,890 22,673 21,142 16,708 65,758 Vendor obligations 212,146 76,316 45,215 28,751 32,485 29,379 Other obligations (3) 
 19,392 1,465 7,968 9,959 Total contractual obligations 6,346,530 292,437 265,257 257,265 254,492 485,623 4,791,456 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Includes the impact of payments for the principal amount on the Senior Notes due 2029, the Senior Notes due 2030, the 3.875 Senior Notes due 2031, the 3.625 Senior Notes due 2031 and the Senior Notes due 2033 plus interest based on the 4.000 , 3.625 , 3.875 , 3.625 and 3.250 coupon interest rates, respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Includes the impact of payments for the principal amount as well as coupon interest payments at the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022 on the variable rate Tranche A Term Loans due 2027. 
 (3) Primarily includes amounts payable related to an estimated one-time tax on deemed repatriation of historic earnings of foreign subsidiaries (the Toll Charge imposed after Tax Reform was enacted. The Toll Charge, to the extent it is payable in more than one year, is included within Other non-current liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The obligations related to our uncertain tax positions, which are not considered material, have been excluded from the table above because of the uncertainty surrounding the timing and final amounts of any settlement. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards Updates 
 See Note 2, Recent Accounting Standards Updates, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are subject to foreign currency exchange fluctuation risk. Exchange rate movements can impact the U.S. dollar-reported value of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies or where the currency of such items is different than the functional currency of the entity where these items were recorded. 
 We generally invoice our clients in U.S. dollars; however, we invoice a portion of our clients in Euros, British pounds sterling, Japanese yen and a limited number of other non-U.S. dollar currencies. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 15.9 and 15.1 , respectively, of our revenues were subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk and primarily included clients billed in foreign currency as well as U.S. dollar exposures on non-U.S. dollar foreign operating entities. Of the 15.9 of non-U.S. dollar exposure for the year ended December 31, 2022, 41.4 was in Euros, 30.4 was in British pounds sterling and 18.8 was in Japanese yen. Of the 15.1 of non-U.S. dollar exposure for the year ended December 31, 2021, 41.6 was in Euros, 26.5 was in British pounds sterling and 23.8 was in Japanese yen. 
 Revenues from asset-based fees represented 23.5 and 27.1 of operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. While a substantial portion of our asset-based fees are invoiced in U.S. dollars, the fees are based on the assets in investment products, of which approximately three-fifths are invested in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, declines in such other currencies against the U.S. dollar will decrease the fees payable to us under such licenses. In addition, declines in such currencies against the U.S. dollar could impact the attractiveness of such investment products resulting in net fund outflows, which would further reduce the fees payable under such licenses. 
 We are exposed to additional foreign currency risk in certain of our operating costs. Approximately 42.1 and 41.1 of our operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were denominated in foreign currencies, the significant majority of which were denominated in British pounds sterling, Indian rupees, Euros, Hungarian forints, Mexican pesos and Swiss francs. 
 We have certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than local functional amounts, and when these balances are remeasured into their local functional currency, either a gain or a loss results from the change of the value of the functional currency as compared to the originating currencies. We manage foreign currency exchange rate risk, in part, through the use of derivative financial instruments comprised principally of forward contracts on foreign currency which are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The objective of the derivative instruments is to minimize the impact on the income statement of the volatility of amounts denominated in certain foreign currencies. We recognized total foreign currency exchange gains of 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and foreign currency exchange losses of 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 , and December 31, 20 20 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 , and December 31, 20 20 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 , and December 31, 20 20 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 , and December 31, 20 20 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of MSCI Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of MSCI Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition - Recurring Subscriptions, Asset-Based Fees, and Non-Recurring Revenues 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized operating revenues of 2.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees, or non-recurring revenues from the Index, Analytics, and ESG and Climate segments. Recurring subscription revenues represent fees earned from clients primarily under renewable contracts or agreements and are generally paid annually in advance and recognized in most cases ratably over the term of the license or service pursuant to the contract terms. Asset-based fees are principally recognized based on the estimated assets under management (AUM) linked to the Company's indexes from independent third-party sources or the most recently reported information provided by the client. Asset-based fees also include revenues related to futures and options contracts linked to the Company s indexes, which are primarily based on trading volumes and fee levels. Asset-based fees are generally variable based upon AUM or the volume of trades or fee levels and are generally billed quarterly in arrears. Non-recurring revenues primarily represent fees earned on products and services where the Company typically does not have renewal clauses within the contract. Examples of such products and services include one-time license fees, certain derivative financial products, certain implementation services and historical data sets. Based on the nature of the services provided, non-recurring revenues are generally billed either in advance or after delivery and recognized point in time or over the service period. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees, and non-recurring revenues is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s assessment of revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to revenue recognition, including controls over revenue transactions recognized as recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees, and non-recurring revenues. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating revenue transactions by testing a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents which included (i) sales contracts or agreements, invoices, and cash receipts, where applicable, for recurring subscriptions and non-recurring revenues and (ii) sales contracts or agreements, invoices, and cash receipts, where applicable, and AUM data from independent third-party sources or information provided by the Company s customers, where applicable, to calculate revenue recognized for asset-based fees. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 10, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 As of (In thousands, except per share and share data) December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances Prepaid income taxes Prepaid and other assets Total current assets Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Right of use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Equity method investment Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued compensation and related benefits Current portion of long-term debt Other accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 6 and Note 10) Shareholders' equity (deficit): Preferred Stock (par value , shares authorized, shares issued) 
 Common stock (par value ; common shares authorized; 
 and common shares issued and and common 
 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Treasury shares, at cost and common shares held at December 31, 2022 
 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity (deficit) ) ) Total liabilities and shareholders' equity (deficit) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years Ended (In thousands, except per share data) December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 Operating revenues Operating expenses: Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) Selling and marketing Research and development General and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 
 Total operating expenses Operating income Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense Other expense (income) Other expense (income), net Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended (In thousands) December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Income tax effect ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net ) ) Pension and other post-retirement adjustments ) Income tax effect ) ) Pension and other post-retirement adjustments, net ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2019 
 ) ) ) Net income Cumulative-effect adjustment Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Dividends paid in shares Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Shares withheld for tax withholding and exercises ) ) Common stock issued Compensation payable in common stock Common stock repurchased and held in treasury ) ) Common stock issued to Directors and (held in)/released from treasury Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Dividends paid in shares Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Shares withheld for tax withholding and exercises ) ) Common stock issued Compensation payable in common stock Common stock repurchased and held in treasury ) ) Common stock issued to Directors and (held in)/released from treasury 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Dividends paid in shares Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Shares withheld for tax withholding and exercises ) ) Common stock issued Compensation payable in common stock Common stock repurchased and held in treasury ) ) Common stock issued to Directors and (held in)/released from treasury ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended (in thousands) December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 December 31, 
 2020 
 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of intangible assets Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements Amortization of right of use assets Loss on impairment of right of use assets, net Amortization of debt origination fees Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred taxes ) ) Other adjustments ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of the effect of acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid income taxes ) Prepaid and other assets ) ) ) Other non-current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable ) Accrued compensation and related benefits ) ) Other accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue Long-term operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other non-current liabilities Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired ) Acquisition of equity method investment ) ) ) Acquisition of assets, net of cash acquired ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings, inclusive of premium Repayment of borrowings ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock held in treasury ) ) ) Payment of dividends ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs in connection with debt ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalent, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalent, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities Property, equipment and leasehold improvements in other accrued liabilities Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities Cash dividends declared, but not yet paid 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 MSCI INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had an approximately million equity method investment in Burgiss, representing a equity ownership. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 64 

Table of Contents 
). 
 , beginning with the date the software is placed into service. 
 Costs incurred in the preliminary and post-implementation stages of MSCI s products are expensed as incurred. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 Addition (reduction) to credit loss expense Write-offs, net of recoveries ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Addition (reduction) to credit loss expense Adjustments and write-offs, net of recoveries ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Addition (reduction) to credit loss expense Adjustments and write-offs, net of recoveries ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of July 1, 2022 on its Index, Analytics, ESG and Climate, and Real Assets reporting units, which are also the Company s operating segments, and no impairments were noted. The Company performed a qualitative test for impairment and determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units is less than their respective carrying values. See Note 13, Segment Information, for further descriptions of the operating segments. 
 Based on the results of the annual goodwill impairment testing performed and given there were no impairment triggers identified as part of interim assessments, impairment of goodwill was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Company had indefinite-lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

67 

Table of Contents 

, , and of the Company s consolidated operating revenues, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, BlackRock, Inc. accounted for , and of the Index segment s operating revenues, respectively. No single customer accounted for 10.0 or more of operating revenues within the Analytics, ESG and Climate and All Other Private Assets segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 2. 

3. 
 Asset-based fees Non-recurring Total 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Segments (in thousands) Index Analytics ESG and Climate All Other - Private Assets Total Operating Revenues Types Recurring subscriptions Asset-based fees Non-recurring Total 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Segments (in thousands) Index Analytics ESG and Climate All Other - Private Assets Total Operating Revenues Types Recurring subscriptions Asset-based fees Non-recurring Total 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Closing (December 31, 2022) 
 Increase/(decrease) ) 
 (in thousands) Accounts receivable, net of allowances Deferred revenue Opening (December 31, 2020) 
 Closing (December 31, 2021) 
 Increase/(decrease) 
 The amount of revenue recognized in the period that was included in the opening current deferred revenue, which reflects the contract liability amounts, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. The difference between the opening and closing balances of the Company s deferred revenue was primarily driven by an increase in billings, partially offset by an increase in amortization of deferred revenue to operating revenues. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company carried a long-term deferred revenue balance of million, million and million, respectively, in Other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 
 -month period 
 Second -month period 
 Third -month period 
 Periods thereafter Total 
 
 4. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: PSUs, RSUs, and PSOs Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 
 
 5. 
 million. This acquisition expands MSCI s suite of real estate solutions, providing the real estate industry with data, analytics and support tools to manage investments and understand performance and risk, including climate risk, within their portfolios. RCA has been accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and has been integrated into the All Other Private Assets reportable segment, as a component of the Real Assets operating segment. A portion of RCA s client agreements do not have automatic renewal clauses at the end of the subscription period. Due to the historically high retention rate and expectation that a substantial portion of the client agreements will be renewed, the associated revenue is recorded as recurring subscription revenue. 
 Other current assets Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Right of use assets Other non-current assets Deferred revenue ) Other current liabilities ) Long-term operating lease liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Intangible assets: Proprietary data years Customer relationships years Acquired technology and software years Trademarks years Goodwill Purchase price, net of cash acquired 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 t deductible for income tax purposes. 
 The weighted average amortization period for the acquired intangible assets approximates the estimated useful life. 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 
 6. 
 million in senior unsecured notes (collectively, the Senior Notes and an aggregate of million in senior unsecured tranche A term loans (the Tranche A Term Loans under the term loan A facility (the TLA Facility ), as presented in the table below: 
 (in thousands) Maturity Date Principal 
 amount 
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Carrying 
 value at 
 December 31, 2022 
 Carrying 
 value at 
 December 31, 2021 
 Fair 
 Value at 
 December 31, 2022 
 Fair 
 Value at 
 December 31, 2021 
 Debt senior unsecured notes due 2029 
 senior unsecured notes due 2030 
 senior unsecured notes due 2031 
 senior unsecured notes due 2031 
 senior unsecured notes due 2033 
 Variable rate Tranche A Term Loans due 2027 
 Total debt (1) 
 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Includes million of current-portion of long-term debt. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt 
 senior unsecured notes due 2029 
 senior unsecured notes due 2030 
 senior unsecured notes due 2031 
 senior unsecured notes due 2031 
 senior unsecured notes due 2033 
 Variable rate Tranche A Term Loans due 2027 (1) 
 
 ______________________________ 
 , 2022. 
 The fair market value of the Company s debt obligations represent Level 2 valuations. The Company utilizes the market approach and obtains security pricing from a vendor who uses broker quotes and third-party pricing services to determine fair values. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the 2029 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on . In addition, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2029 Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after November 15, 2024, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2029 Senior Notes. At any time prior to November 15, 2022, the Company may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 The million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the 2030 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on . In addition, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2030 Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after March 1, 2025, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2030 Senior Notes. At any time prior to March 1, 2023, the Company may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Senior Notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 The million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2031 (the 2031A Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on . In addition, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2031A Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after June 1, 2025, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2031A Senior Notes. At any time prior to June 1, 2023, the Company may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2031A Senior Notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 The million aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured Notes due 2031 (the 2031B Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on . In addition, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2031B Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after November 1, 2026, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2031B Senior Notes. At any time prior to November 1, 2024, the Company may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2031B Senior Notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 
 The million aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured Notes due 2033 (the 2033 Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on . In addition, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2033 Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after August 15, 2027, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2033 Senior Notes. At any time prior to August 15, 2024, the Company may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2033 Senior Notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 Credit Agreement. Since November 20, 2014, the Company has maintained a revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks. On June 9, 2022, the Company, the guarantors party thereto and the lenders and agents party thereto, entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), amending and restating in its entirety the Company s prior revolving credit agreement (the Prior Revolving Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement makes available to the Company an aggregate of million of revolving loan commitments, which may be drawn until February 16, 2027, and the TLA Facility. At December 31, 2022, the revolving loan commitments were undrawn. As noted above, at December 31, 2022, the commitments under the TLA Facility were drawn in full, and the resulting Tranche A Term Loans mature on . The obligations under the Credit Agreement are general unsecured obligations of the Company and the guarantors. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 to for SOFR loans, and to for Base Rate loans. At December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the TLA Facility was . 
 
 In connection with the closings of the Senior Notes offerings, entry into the Prior Revolving Credit Agreement and the subsequent amendments thereto and entry into the Credit Agreement, the Company paid certain financing fees which, together with the existing fees related to prior credit facilities, are being amortized over their related lives. At December 31, 2022, million of the deferred financing fees and premium remain unamortized, million of which is included in Prepaid and other assets, million of which is included in Other non-current assets and million of which is included in Long-term debt on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 
 7. 
 million, million and million of operating lease expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amounts associated with variable lease costs, short-term lease costs and sublease income were not material for any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Company s leases have remaining lease terms of up to approximately years. years. years. 
 The Company recorded pre-tax impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2021 of million associated with right of use assets. The impairment charges are included in General and administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of income. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 8. 
 to years 
 Furniture fixtures years 
 Leasehold improvements to years 
 Work-in-process Subtotal Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense of property, equipment and leasehold improvements was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 Acquisitions Foreign exchange translation adjustment ) ) ) Goodwill at December 31, 2021 
 Acquisitions ) ) Foreign exchange translation adjustment ) ) ) Goodwill at December 31, 2022 
 
 ______________________________ 

74 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization expense of internally developed capitalized software Write-off of internally developed capitalized software Total amortization of intangible assets expense 
 Following management s decision to discontinue development and cease related sales activities of certain Analytics segment products and transition existing customers to other product offerings, the Company wrote off million of certain internally developed capitalized software intangible assets (consisting of million of gross intangible assets less million of accumulated amortization) during the year ended December 31, 2021. The non-cash charge is recorded as a component of Amortization of intangible assets on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 to years 
 Proprietary data to years 
 Acquired technology and software to years 
 Trademarks to years 
 Internally developed capitalized software to years 
 Subtotal Foreign exchange translation adjustment ) ) Total gross intangible assets Accumulated amortization: Customer relationships ) ) Proprietary data ) ) Acquired technology and software ) ) Trademarks ) ) Internally developed capitalized software ) ) Subtotal ) ) Foreign exchange translation adjustment Total accumulated amortization ) ) Net intangible assets: Customer relationships Proprietary data Acquired technology and software Trademarks Internally developed capitalized software Subtotal Foreign exchange translation adjustment ) ) Total net intangible assets 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 10. 
 
 Pension related net period benefit expense Total Location in the Statement of Income Cost of revenues Selling and marketing Research and development General and administrative Other expense (income) Total 
 The Company uses a measurement date of December 31 st to calculate obligations under its pension and postretirement plans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company carried a net liability of million and million, respectively, in Other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition related to its future pension obligations. The fair value of the defined benefit plan assets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company s retiree benefit plans include defined benefit plans for employees in Switzerland, as well as other countries where MSCI maintains an operating presence. 
 Our Switzerland plans are government-mandated retirement funds that provide employees with a minimum investment return, which is determined annually by the Swiss government and was in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Under the Switzerland plans, the Company and our employees are required to make contributions into a fund managed by an independent investment fiduciary. Employer contributions must be in an amount at least equal to the employee s contribution. Employee contributions are based on the respective employee s age, salary and chosen contribution scale. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Switzerland defined benefit plans had a gross pension liability of million and million, respectively, and plan assets that totaled million and million, respectively. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized net periodic benefit expense of million, million and million, respectively, related to our Switzerland plans. The discount rate for the Switzerland defined benefit pension plan was and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

11. 
 million worth of shares of MSCI s common stock in addition to the million of authorization then remaining under a previously existing share repurchase program that was replaced by, and incorporated into, the 2022 Repurchase Program for a total of million of stock repurchase authorization. 
 Share repurchases made pursuant to the 2022 Repurchase Program may take place in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time based on market and other conditions. This authorization may be modified, suspended or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time without prior notice. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of available authorization remaining under the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 ) Three Months Ended June 30, Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2021 Three Months Ended March 31, ) Three Months Ended June 30, Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2020 Three Months Ended March 31, ) Three Months Ended June 30, Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 
 Common Stock 
 ) Dividend payable/paid ) Common stock issued and exercise of stock options Shares withheld for tax withholding ) ) Shares repurchased under stock repurchase programs ) ) Shares issued to Directors Balance At December 31, 2020 
 ) Dividend payable/paid ) Common stock issued Shares withheld for tax withholding ) ) Shares repurchased under stock repurchase programs ) ) Shares issued to Directors Balance At December 31, 2021 
 ) Dividend payable/paid Common stock issued Shares withheld for tax withholding ) ) Shares repurchased under stock repurchase programs ) ) Shares issued to Directors ) Balance At December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 . The aggregate fair value of the awards was million. The RSUs granted in 2023 vest at the end of a service period. The PSUs granted in 2023 vest at the end of a service period, are subject to a sale restriction and are also subject to the achievement of an absolute total shareholder return compounded annual growth rate, measured over a period. The PSOs granted in 2023 vest and become exercisable at the end of a service period and are subject to a performance condition based on the combined level of achievement of a cumulative revenue performance goal and a cumulative adjusted EPS performance goal, measured over a period. All of these awards are subject to forfeiture under specific criteria set in the award agreements. 
 Selling and marketing Research and development General and administrative Other expense (income) Total share-based compensation expense 
 The windfall tax benefits for share-based compensation expense related to RSUs and PSUs (together, the Share-based Awards granted to Company employees and to directors who are not employees of the Company were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, million of compensation cost related to MSCI unvested share-based awards granted to the Company s employees and to directors who are not employees of the Company had not yet been recognized. The unrecognized compensation cost relating to unvested stock-based awards expected to vest will be recognized primarily over the next one to . 
 In connection with awards under its equity-based compensation and benefit plans, the Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, million shares of common stock were available for future grants under these plans. 
 Share-based Awards 
 Certain Company employees have been granted Share-based Awards pursuant to a share-based compensation plan. Outstanding Share-based Awards include RSUs and PSUs. Recipients of Share-based Awards generally have rights to receive dividend equivalents that are subject to vesting. 
 The Company reports the target number of PSUs granted unless it has determined, based on the actual achievement of performance measures, that an employee will receive a different amount of shares underlying the PSUs, in which case the Company reports the amount of shares employees are likely to receive. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Historical stock price volatility Term (in years) Discount of Lack of Marketability 
 
 The risk-free interest rate was determined based on the yields available on U.S. Constant Maturity Treasury yield curve as of the valuation dates with a maturity commensurate with the terms. The expected stock price volatility was determined using historical volatility. Since the PSU awards are dividend-protected, the assumed dividend yield applied in the valuation was . 
 Granted Conversion to common stock ) Canceled ) Vested and unvested Share-based Awards at December 31, 2022 
 Vested and unvested Share-based Awards expected to vest 

The total fair value of Share-based Awards held by the Company s employees that converted to MSCI common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Expected stock volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 The risk-free interest rate was determined based on the yields available on the U.S. Constant Maturity Treasury yield curve as of the valuation dates with a term commensurate with the expected life of the stock option award. The expected stock price volatility was calculated using historical volatility. As we do not have sufficient historical data, we utilized the simplified method provided by the SEC to calculate the expected life as the average of the contractual term and vesting period. The expected div idend yield was calculated by annualizing the most recent cash dividend declared by the Company's Board of Directors at grant date and dividing by the closing stock price on the grant date. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Conversion to stock options Canceled ) Vested and unvested stock option awards at December 31, 2022 
 Unvested stock option awards expected to vest 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Calculated using the closing stock price on the last trading day of fiscal 2022, less the option exercise price, multiplied by the number of PSOs multiplied by expected payout . 
 
 stock option awards issued or outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, there were stock options outstanding that could be exercised during any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 12. 
 U.S. state and local Non U.S. Deferred U.S. federal ) ) U.S. state and local ) ) Non U.S. ) ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. state and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax benefits Change in tax rates applicable to non-U.S. earnings Foreign Derived Intangible Income (FDII), net of GILTI (1) 
 Domestic tax credits and incentives Valuation allowance Excess share-based compensation Other Effective income tax rate 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2020 includes ) released during the year related to the favorable impact on prior years from final regulations clarifying certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Reform ). 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. 
 Unearned revenue Lease liabilities Employee compensation and benefit plans Loss carryforwards Interest expense carryforwards Pension Other Subtotal Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net ) ) Unremitted foreign earnings ) ) Pension ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 As presented in the table above, the Company has certain loss and interest carryforward items. The tax value of the U.S. portion of the interest carryforward was as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The tax value of the non-U.S. portion of the interest carryforward was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This carryforward is subject to an annual limitation on utilization over an indefinite life. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 million with a tax value of million and million with a tax value of million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These carryforwards are subject to annual limitations and will begin to expire in 2026. The tax value of the non-U.S. portion of the net operating loss was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. These carryforwards are subject to annual limitations and will begin to expire in 2025. 
 The Company believes the majority of the deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 are more likely than not to be realized based on expectations as to future taxable income in the jurisdictions in which it operates with the exception of a loss carryforward in one jurisdiction where it has established a valuation allowance of million. 
 Additions charged to cost and expenses Deductions ) Ending balance 
 Foreign (1) 
 Total income before provision for income taxes 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) 
 Foreign income before provision for income taxes is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S., which includes income from foreign branches of U.S. companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has provided for applicable state income and foreign withholding taxes on all undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. 
 The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of additional assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which it files income tax returns. The Company has established unrecognized tax benefits that the Company believes are adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. Once established, the Company adjusts unrecognized tax benefits only when more information is available or when an event occurs necessitating a change. Based on the current status of income tax audits, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized benefits may decrease by approximately million in the next twelve months as a result of the resolution of tax examinations. 
 The Company believes the resolution of tax matters will not have a material effect on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition of the Company, although a resolution could have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income for a particular future period and on the Company s effective tax rate for any period in which such resolution occurs. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Increases based on tax positions related to the current period Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods Decreases based on tax positions related to prior periods ) Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities ) Decreases related to a lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) ) Ending balance 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate in future periods. The Company recognizes the accrual of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the Provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statement of Income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized ) million and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized interest in the Consolidated Statement of Income with respect to unrecognized tax benefits. Penalties of ) million, million and million were recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amount of accrued interest, which includes interest related to uncertain tax positions and accrued income tax expense, recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 was million and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was million. 
 The Company is under examination by tax authorities in certain jurisdictions, including foreign jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Switzerland and India, and states in the U.S. in which the Company has significant operations, such as New York and California. The tax years currently under examination vary by jurisdiction but include years ranging from 2008 onwards. 

13. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 operating segments: Index, Analytics, ESG and Climate, Real Assets and Burgiss, which are presented as the following reportable segments: Index, Analytics, ESG and Climate and All Other Private Assets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company renamed the Real Estate operating segment to Real Assets. 
 Effective January 1, 2021, the Company began presenting reportable segments with the ESG and Climate operating segment being presented as a separate reportable segment. Prior period amounts have been recast to reflect the current presentation. The operating segments of Real Assets and Burgiss do not individually meet the segment reporting thresholds and have been combined and presented as part of All Other Private Assets reportable segment. The Company s ownership interest in Burgiss is classified as an equity-method investment. Therefore, the All Other Private Assets segment does not include the Company s proportionate share of operating revenues and Adjusted EBITDA related to Burgiss. The Company s proportionate share of the income or loss from its equity-method investment in Burgiss is not a component of Adjusted EBITDA as it is reported as a component of other (expense) income, net. 
 The Index operating segment offers equity and fixed income indexes. The indexes are used in many areas of the investment process, including for developing indexed financial products (e.g., ETFs, mutual funds, annuities, futures, options, structured products, over-the-counter derivatives), performance benchmarking, portfolio construction and rebalancing, and asset allocation. 
 The Analytics operating segment offers risk management, performance attribution and portfolio management content, applications and services that provide clients with an integrated view of risk and return and tools for analyzing market, credit, liquidity, counterparty and climate risk across all major asset classes, spanning short-, medium- and long-term time horizons. Clients access Analytics tools and content through MSCI s proprietary applications and application programming interfaces, third-party applications or directly through their own platforms. Additionally, the Analytics operating segment also provides various managed services to help clients operate more efficiently, including consolidation of client portfolio data from various sources, review and reconciliation of input data and results, and customized reporting. 
 The ESG and Climate operating segment offers products and services that help institutional investors understand how ESG and climate considerations can impact the long-term risk and return of their portfolio and individual security-level investments. In addition, the ESG and Climate operating segment provides data, ratings, research and tools to help investors navigate increasing regulation, meet new client demands and better integrate ESG and climate elements into their investment processes. 
 The Real Assets operating segment offers data, benchmarks, return-analytics, climate assessments and market insights for tangible assets such as real estate and infrastructure . In addition, Real Assets performance and risk analytics range from enterprise-wide to property-specific analysis. The Real Assets operating segment also provides business intelligence products to real estate owners, managers, developers and brokers worldwide. 
 The Burgiss operating segment represents the Company s equity method investment in Burgiss, a global provider of investment decision support tools for private capital. 
 The change in reportable segments referred to above did not result in any changes to MSCI s CODM or the basis for segment profitability. The CODM continues to measure and evaluate reportable segments based on segment operating revenues as well as Adjusted EBITDA and other measures. 
 Analytics ESG and Climate All Other - Private Assets Total 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Analytics Adjusted EBITDA ESG and Climate Adjusted EBITDA All Other - Private Assets Adjusted EBITDA Total operating segment profitability Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 
 Impairment related to sublease of leased property Acquisition-related integration and 
 transaction costs (1) 
 Operating income Other expense (income), net Provision for income taxes Net income 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Incremental and non-recurring costs attributable to acquisitions directly related to the execution of the transaction and integration of the acquired business that have occurred no later than 12 months after the close of the transaction. 
 Other Total Americas Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA ): United Kingdom Other Total EMEA Asia Australia: Japan Other Total Asia Australia Total 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Other Total Americas EMEA: United Kingdom Other Total EMEA Asia Australia: Japan Other Total Asia Australia Total 
 
 14. 
 per share of common stock to be paid on February 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of trading on February 17, 2023. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a). Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management of the Company, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 
 (b). Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers or persons performing similar functions and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets, 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Based on this assessment, management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited and issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which appears on page 56 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c). Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Except for the information relating to our Executive Officers set forth in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference the information responsive to this Item appearing in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Information regarding our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and Corporate Governance Policies is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. Any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of our Code of Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the Code of Ethics enumerated in paragraph (b) of Item 406 of Regulation S-K shall be disclosed by posting such information on our website at www.msci.com. Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 We incorporate by reference the information responsive to this Item appearing in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 We incorporate by reference the additional information responsive to this Item appearing in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 On February 18, 2016, the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Talent Management Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee ), approved the MSCI Inc. 2016 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan (the Directors Plan ), a cash and equity incentive compensation plan that was approved by shareholders at the Company s 2016 annual meeting of shareholders. The Directors Plan replaced the Company s then existing non-employee director compensation plan, the MSCI Inc. Independent Directors Equity Compensation Plan (the 2011 Plan ). The total number of shares authorized to be awarded under the Directors Plan is 352,460, which is equal to the number of shares that remained available for issuance under the 2011 Plan. Under the MSCI Inc. Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan, directors may elect to defer receipt of all or any portion of any shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of any stock unit or any retainer elected to be paid in shares of our common stock until (i) 60 days following separation of service or (ii) the earlier of a specified date or 60 days following separation of service. 
 On February 18, 2016, the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, approved the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Plan Omnibus Plan ), an equity incentive compensation plan that was approved by shareholders at the Company s 2016 annual meeting of shareholders. The Omnibus Plan replaced the Company s then existing equity compensation plan, the MSCI Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended, the 2007 Plan ). Compensation paid to the Company s executive officers historically complied with the performance-based compensation exception under 162(m) of the IRC 162(m) by being granted pursuant to the MSCI Inc. Performance Formula and Incentive Plan (the Performance Plan ). Shareholder approval of the Omnibus Plan constituted approval of the material terms of the performance goals under the Omnibus Plan for purposes of 162(m). In light of the final Section 162(m) regulations published in December 2020, which, among other things, eliminated the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m), the Compensation Committee determined to cease awarding compensation to the Company s executive officers under the Performance Plan starting with calendar year 2021. 
 Pursuant to the Omnibus Plan, the Company reserved 7,565,483 shares of common stock for issuance; plus any additional shares which become available due to forfeiture, expiration or cancellation of outstanding awards, which were registered under the Securities Act following approval by the Company s shareholders. This is in addition to currently outstanding awards under the 2007 Plan. The Omnibus Plan permits the Compensation Committee to make grants of a variety of equity-based awards (such as stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock, performance awards and other stock-based awards) totaling up to 7,565,483 and other cash-based awards to eligible recipients, including employees and consultants. No awards will be granted under the Omnibus Plan after the earliest to occur of (i) April 28, 2026, (ii) the maximum number of shares available for issuance having been issued and (iii) the Board of Directors terminating the Omnibus Plan in accordance with its terms. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents certain information with respect to our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 
 Number of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 (a) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 (b) (3) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column(a)) 
 (c) 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
 MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Plan Restricted Stock Units RSUs 151,659 N/A Performance Stock Units PSUs (1) 
 930,912 N/A Performance Stock Options PSOs (2) 
 235,528 549.83 Total MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Plan 1,318,099 N/A 3,163,384 MSCI Inc. 2016 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan (RSUs) 
 4,451 N/A 273,488 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
 N/A Total 1,322,550 N/A 3,436,872 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) The numbers included for PSUs in column (a) reflect the maximum payout. Assuming target number payout, the number of securities to be issued upon vesting of PSUs is 397,588. 
 (2) The numbers included for PSOs in column (a) reflect options at the maximum payout. Assuming target number payout, the number of securities to be issued upon vesting of PSOs is 117,764. 
 (3) Does not reflect the unvested RSUs or PSUs included in column (a) because these awards have no exercise price. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 We incorporate by reference the information responsive to this Item appearing in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 We incorporate by reference the information responsive to this Item appearing in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements are provided under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are provided because the information called for is not applicable or not required or is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto provided under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The information required by this Item is set forth below. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 001-33812 3.1 5/4/2012 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws 
 8-K/A 001-33812 3.1 1/11/2021 4.1 Form of Senior Indenture 
 S-3 333-206232 4.1 8/7/2015 4.2 Form of Subordinated Indenture 
 S-3 333-206232 4.2 8/7/2015 4.3 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 10-Q 001-33812 4.1 5/4/2012 4.4 Indenture, dated as of November 7, 2019, among MSCI Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 001-33812 4.1 11/7/2019 4.5 Form of Note for MSCI Inc. 4.000 Senior Notes due November 15, 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.4) 
 8-K 001-33812 4.2 11/7/2019 4.6 Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2020, among MSCI Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-33812 4.1 3/04/2020 4.7 Form of Note for MSCI Inc. 3.625 Senior Notes due September 1, 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.6). 
 8-K 001-33812 4.2 3/04/2020 4.8 Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2020, among MSCI Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-33812 4.1 5/26/2020 4.9 Form of Note for MSCI Inc. 3.875 Senior Notes due February 15, 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.8). 
 8-K 001-33812 4.2 5/26/2020 4.10 Indenture, dated as of May 14, 2021, among MSCI Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-33812 4.1 5/14/2021 4.11 Form of Note for MSCI Inc. 3.625 Senior Notes due November 1, 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.10). 
 8-K 001-33812 4.2 5/14/2021 4.12 Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2021, among MSCI Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-33812 4.1 8/17/2021 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 4.13 Form of Note for MSCI Inc. 3.250 Senior Notes due August 15, 2033 (included in Exhibit 4.12). 
 8-K 001-33812 4.2 8/17/2021 4.14 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10-K 001-33812 4.1 2/11/2022 10.1 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation 
 Filed Herewith 10.2 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 Filed Herewith 10.3 MSCI Inc. 2016 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 001-33812 10.3 5/5/2017 10.4 MSCI Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferral Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 001-33812 10.9 4/29/2016 10.5 MSCI Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, adopted May 28, 2015 
 10-K 001-33812 10.109 2/24/2017 10.6 MSCI Inc. Performance Formula and Incentive Plan 
 Proxy 001-33812 Annex C 2/28/2008 10.7 MSCI Inc. Executive Committee Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 10-K 001-33812 10.7 2/11/2022 10.8 MSCI Inc. Clawback Policy 
 10-K 001-33812 10.189 2/22/2019 10.9 MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-210987 99.1 04/28/2016 10.10 MSCI Inc. Annual Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-33812 10.2 7/26/2022 10.11 Form of 2019 Annual Performance Award Agreement for Performance Stock Units for Managing Directors Under the MSCI Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.187 2/22/2019 10.12 Form of 2020 Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units for Employees Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.216 2/18/2020 10.13 Form of 2020 Annual Performance Award Agreement for Performance Stock Units for Managing Directors Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.217 2/18/2020 10.14 Form of 2020 Annual Performance Award Agreement for Performance Stock Units for Managing Directors Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.218 2/18/2020 10.15 Form of 2021 Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units for Employees Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.232 2/12/2021 10.16 Form of 2021 Annual Performance Award Agreement for Performance Stock Units for Managing Directors Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.233 2/12/2021 10.17 Form of 2021 Annual Performance Award Agreement for Performance Stock Units for Managing Directors Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.234 2/12/2021 10.18 Form of 2022 Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units for Employees Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.24 2/11/2022 10.19 Form of 2022 Annual Performance Award Agreement for Performance Stock Units for Managing Directors Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.25 2/11/2022 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 10.20 Form of 2022 Non-Qualified Performance Stock Option Award Agreement Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-33812 10.26 2/11/2022 10.21 Form of 202 2 Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units for Directors Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 001-33812 10.1 7/26/2022 10.22 Form of 202 3 Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units for Employees Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Filed Herewith 10.23 Form of 202 3 Annual Performance Award Agreement for Performance Stock Units for Managing Directors Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Filed Herewith 10.24 Form of 2023 Non-Qualified Performance Stock Option Award Agreement Under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Filed Herewith 10.25 Offer Letter, executed March 11, 2014, by and between MSCI Inc. and Scott Crum 
 10-Q 001-33812 10.1 5/4/2018 10.26 Offer Letter, executed September 24, 2020, between MSCI Inc. and Andrew C. Wiechmann 
 8-K 001-33812 10.1 9/25/2020 10.27 Employment Letter, entered into on April 27, 2021, between MSCI Inc. and C.D. Baer Pettit. 
 10-Q 001-33812 10.2 4/28/2021 10.28 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, among MSCI Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer and the other lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 001-33812 10.1 6/14/2022 10.29 Agreement of Lease dated September 16, 2011, by and between 7 World Trade Center, LLC and MSCI Inc. 
 8-K 001-33812 10.1 9/22/2011 10.30 # Index License Agreement for Exchange Traded Funds, dated as of October 1, 2022, between MSCI Inc., MSCI Limited and BlackRock Fund Advisors 
 10-Q 001-33812 10.1 10/25/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Filed Herewith 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Filed Herewith 24.1 Powers of Attorney (included as part of Signature Page) Filed Herewith 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Filed Herewith 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Filed Herewith 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Furnished Herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Filed Herewith 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed Herewith 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed Herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed Herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed Herewith 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed Herewith 104.DEF Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed Herewith 
 Indicates a management compensation plan, contract or arrangement. 
 Certain confidential portions of this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) are of the type that the Company treats as private or confidential. 
 # The Company agrees to furnish an unredacted copy of this exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MSCI INC. By: /S/ HENRY A. FERNANDEZ Name: Henry A. Fernandez Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 10, 2023 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Andrew C. Wiechmann, Robert J. Gutowski and Cecilia Aza, and each or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in the capacities indicated below, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming his or her signatures as they may be signed by his or her said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, to any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /S/ HENRY A. FERNANDEZ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) February 10, 2023 Henry A. Fernandez /S/ ANDREW C. WIECHMANN Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) February 10, 2023 Andrew C. Wiechmann /S/ JENNIFER MAK Global Controller and Head of Finance Operations (principal accounting officer) February 10, 2023 Jennifer Mak /S/ ROBERT G. ASHE Director February 10, 2023 Robert G. Ashe /S/ WAYNE EDMUNDS Director February 10, 2023 Wayne Edmunds /S/ CATHERINE R. KINNEY Director February 10, 2023 Catherine R. Kinney /S/ ROBIN MATLOCK Director February 10, 2023 Robin Matlock /S/ JACQUES P. PEROLD Director February 10, 2023 Jacques P. Perold /S/ C.D. BAER PETTIT Director, President and Chief Operating Officer February 10, 2023 C.D. Baer Pettit /S/ SANDY C. RATTRAY Director February 10, 2023 Sandy C. Rattray /S/ LINDA H. RIEFLER 
 Director February 10, 2023 Linda H. Riefler /S/ MARCUS L. SMITH Director February 10, 2023 Marcus L. Smith /S/ RAJAT TANEJA Director February 10, 2023 Rajat Taneja /S/ PAULA VOLENT Director February 10, 2023 Paula Volent 
 97 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex_101xdirectorcomp.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation (1) 
 
 Committee Chair Audit and Risk Committee 30,000 Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee 25,000 Strategy and Finance Committee 25,000 Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 25,000 Committee Member Audit and Risk Committee 10,000 Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee 10,000 Strategy and Finance Committee 10,000 Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 10,000 Annual Compensation Annual Cash Retainer 80,000 Annual Restricted Stock Units (non-Lead Director) (2) 
 185,000 Annual Restricted Stock Units (Lead Director) (2) 
 235,000 
 
 (1) Each Board term commences on May 1 st of the then-current year and concludes on April 30 th of the following year. Accordingly, retainer fees are paid and restricted stock units are granted on May 1 st of each year. Restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. Awards are prorated and vesting schedules adjusted for new directors joining in advance of the Annual Shareholders Meeting. 
 (2) The aggregate fair market value of the restricted stock units is based on the closing price of MSCI Inc. s common stock as reported by The New York Stock Exchange on the date prior to the date of grant. 
 Members of the Board of Directors are subject to the Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines, which are described in the MSCI Inc. Corporate Governance Policies available on the Investor Relations section of MSCI website s http ir.msci.com ). Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding MSCI Inc. s non-employee director compensation program is available in its proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex_102xnon-employeedirecto.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 
 
 MSCI INC. 
 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 The Board of Directors Board of MSCI Inc. (the Company has adopted these Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Ownership Guidelines to further align the interests of the Company s non-employee directors of the Board with those of the Company s stockholders and thereby help to promote sound corporate governance. 
 Commencing on the date of the 2016 Annual Shareholders Meeting, each non-employee director of the Board (each, a Director is required, within five years following his or her first election or appointment to the Board, to own a target number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 Shares ), equal to the sum of the Net Shares (as defined below) underlying the restricted stock units RSUs granted to such Director under either the MSCI Inc. Independent Directors Equity Compensation Plan (as amended, the IDECP or the MSCI Inc. 2016 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan (the Directors Plan , and together with the IDECP, the Plans for each of the last five years. Each Director is subject to these Ownership Guidelines for as long as he or she continues to serve on the Board. 
 For purposes of these Ownership Guidelines, Net Shares means the number of Shares that would remain if the Shares underlying the RSUs are sold to satisfy any tax obligations (assuming a tax rate of 40 upon either (i) the conversion of such RSUs into Shares or (ii) the cessation of any tax deferral period with respect to such RSUs. Prior to entering into any transaction to dispose of Shares, each Director shall certify in writing to the Company that he or she is in compliance with these Ownership Guidelines. 
 Shares that count towards satisfaction of the target level of Share ownership under these Ownership Guidelines consist of the following 
 
 1. Shares beneficially owned individually, either directly or indirectly (including any Shares beneficially owned as a result of an election to receive a retainer (or any portion thereof) in Shares) 
 2. Shares beneficially owned jointly with, or separately, by immediate family members residing in the same household, either directly or indirectly 
 3. Shares underlying vested and unvested RSUs granted under the Plans and 
 4. Shares for which receipt has been deferred (including any Shares held through the MSCI Inc. Independent Directors Deferral Plan or any other deferred compensation plan maintained by the Company). 
 
 It is intended that these Ownership Guidelines be flexible. As such, the Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee of the Board may, in its discretion, modify or waive these Ownership Guidelines, or develop an alternative stock ownership plan, in each case, taking into account individual, Company and market circumstances, as appropriate. 
 Directors are subject to applicable federal and state laws and Company policy restricting trading on material non-public or inside information. These laws and rules may also limit the ability of a Director to buy or sell Shares from time to time. Affiliates of the Company may also be subject to reporting obligations and potential matching liability under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any resales of Shares by an affiliate must typically be made in accordance with the volume, manner of sale, notice and other requirements of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Compliance with these Ownership Guidelines is in addition to, not in lieu of, compliance with any other applicable laws or Company policies. 

Adopted by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2016 
 (As Amended and Restated October 27, 2022) 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 exhibit10222023omnibusrsua.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 

Exhibit 10.22 
 
 2023 AWARD AGREEMENT FOR RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS FOR EMPLOYEES 
 UNDER THE MSCI INC. 2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 MSCI Inc. MSCI , together with its Subsidiaries, the Company hereby grants to you Restricted Stock Units RSUs as described below. The awards are being granted under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 
 Participant Name Number of RSUs Granted RSUs 
 Grant Date 
 Vesting Schedule 

Your RSUs may be subject to forfeiture or recoupment if you terminate employment with the Company, or do not comply with the Notice Requirements (as defined in Exhibit A attached hereto), as set forth in the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (including Exhibit A , Exhibit B and Exhibit C attached hereto, as applicable, this Award Agreement ). 
 By accepting this award of RSUs and the benefits provided to you under this Award Agreement, you are hereby deemed to have accepted and otherwise be bound by the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement provided that, if you are a Managing Director as of the Grant Date, you must affirmatively accept the terms of this Award Agreement by . The failure by a Managing Director to affirmatively accept this Award Agreement by such date may result in the forfeiture of the RSUs granted under this Award Agreement. 
 
 You agree that this Award Agreement is granted under the Plan and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and Exhibit A , Exhibit B and Exhibit C attached hereto, as applicable. You also agree that, to the extent you are or become covered by such policies, the RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement and any Shares issued in settlement or satisfaction thereof shall be subject to (i) the MSCI Inc. Clawback Policy and any other clawback policy adopted by the Company (including any such policy that is intended to comply with Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and applicable stock exchange listing requirements) and (ii) any stock ownership guidelines of MSCI (including applicable retention requirements thereunder), in each case, as may be in effect from time to time, the terms of which shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference and made part of this Award Agreement. You will be able to access a prospectus and tax supplement that contains important information about this award via the MSCI website or your brokerage account. Unless defined in this Award Agreement, capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MSCI has duly executed and delivered this Award Agreement as of the Grant Date. 
 MSCI Inc. Name Title 

EXHIBIT A 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 2023 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Section 1. RSUs Generally. MSCI has awarded you RSUs as an incentive for you to continue to provide services to the Company and to align your interests with those of the Company. As such, you will earn your RSUs only if you remain in continuous employment with the Company through the Vesting Date, or as otherwise set forth below. Each RSU corresponds to one share of MSCI common stock, par value 0.01 per share (each, a Share ). Each RSU constitutes a contingent and unsecured promise by MSCI to deliver one Share on the conversion date for such RSU. 
 Section 2. Vesting, Conversion and HSR Act. 
 (a) Vesting. Your RSUs shall vest provided that, subject to Section 4 and Section 5, you continue to be employed by the Company on such Vesting Date provided, further, that you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. For purposes of this Award Agreement, the vesting period between the Grant Date and the Vesting Date shall be referred to herein as the Vesting Period . 
 (b) Conversion. Vested RSUs shall convert into Shares on the Vesting Date or as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 30 days thereafter. 
 (c) HSR Act. If unvested RSUs would have vested pursuant to this Section 2, Section 4 or Section 5(b), but did not vest solely because you were not in compliance with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act, subject to Section 409A, the vesting date for such RSUs shall occur on the first date following the date on which you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. 
 (d) Stock Ownership Guidelines and Retention Requirements. To the extent that you are subject to MSCI s Stock Ownership Guidelines (the Ownership Guidelines as of the Grant Date, the Shares (or any applicable portion thereof) issuable to you upon the settlement of the RSUs will be subject to the Covered Award Share Retention Requirement set forth in the Ownership Guidelines (as in effect on the Grant Date) and, accordingly, such Shares (or applicable portion thereof) shall not be Transferred by you while subject to such retention requirements. In addition to the foregoing, to the extent you are as of the Grant Date, or become following the Grant Date, subject to the Ownership Guidelines, you agree and acknowledge that the Shares issuable to you upon the settlement of the RSUs shall be subject to the other terms and conditions (including other applicable retention requirements) under the Ownership Guidelines, as may be in effect from time to time. You agree and acknowledge that that a copy of the Ownership Guidelines has been previously made available to you and that you understand and acknowledge the terms of such Ownership Guidelines and the terms of this Section 2(d). 
 Section 3. Dividend Equivalent Payments. Until your RSUs convert to Shares, if MSCI pays a dividend on Shares, you will be entitled to a dividend equivalent payment in the same amount as the dividend you would have received if you held Shares for your vested and unvested RSUs immediately prior to the record date. No dividend equivalents will be paid to you with respect to any canceled or forfeited RSUs. MSCI will decide on the form of payment and may pay dividend equivalents in Shares, in cash or in a combination thereof, unless otherwise provided in Exhibit C. MSCI will pay the dividend equivalent when it pays the corresponding dividend on its common stock or on the next regularly scheduled payroll date. The gross amount of any dividend equivalents paid to you with respect to RSUs that do not vest and convert to Shares shall be subject to potential recoupment or payback (such recoupment or payback of dividend equivalents, the Dividend Clawback following the cancellation or forfeiture of the underlying RSUs. You consent to the Company s implementation and enforcement of the Dividend Clawback and expressly agree that MSCI may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate the Dividend Clawback consistent with applicable law. If, within a reasonable period, you do not tender repayment of the dividend equivalents in response to demand for repayment, MSCI may seek a court order against you or take any other actions as are necessary to effectuate the Dividend Clawback. 
 Section 4. Termination of Employment. Upon termination of employment with the Company prior to the Vesting Date pursuant to this Section 4, the following special vesting and payment terms will apply to your unvested RSUs 
 A-1 

(a) Termination of Employment Due to Death or Disability. If your employment with the Company terminates due to death or Disability, in each case, prior to the Vesting Date, your RSUs will immediately vest and convert into Shares on the date of termination of your employment or within 30 days thereafter. Upon a termination of employment due to death, such Shares shall be delivered in accordance with Section 10. 
 (b) Involuntary Termination of Employment by the Company Prior to 62 10 Retirement Eligibility. In the event of an involuntary termination of your employment by the Company without Cause prior to 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, provided that you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain, inter alia, confidentiality, non-compete (if applicable), non-solicitation and non-disparagement covenants substantially in the form set forth in Sections 1, 2, as applicable, 3 and 4 of Exhibit B (provided that in accordance with Section 6, the non-compete shall apply only to those Participants who are (x) Retirement Eligible Participants or (y) Managing Directors), within 60 days following termination of your employment, you will be entitled to receive a pro-rated portion of your unvested RSUs equal to the product of (i) the total number of RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (A) the total number of months you were employed with the Company during the Vesting Period (rounding up partial months) divided by (B) 36. Such pro-rated RSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Vesting Date in accordance with Section 2. Any unvested RSUs that do not vest and convert into Shares in accordance with this Section 4(b) shall be forfeited in their entirety. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a termination of your employment as described in this Section 4(b), pursuant to Section 6, you may still be bound by, and must comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , as applicable. 
 (c) Involuntary Termination of Employment by the Company Following 62 10 Retirement Eligibility. In the event of an involuntary termination of your employment by the Company without Cause following 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, provided that you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain, inter alia, confidentiality, non-compete (if applicable), non-solicitation and non-disparagement covenants substantially in the form set forth in Sections 1, 2 (as applicable), 3 and 4 of Exhibit B (provided that in accordance with Section 6, the non-compete shall apply only to those Participants who are (x) Retirement Eligible Participants or (y) Managing Directors), within 60 days following termination of your employment, your unvested RSUs will fully vest and convert into Shares on the Vesting Date in accordance with Section 2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a termination of your employment as described in this Section 4(c), pursuant to Section 6, you may still be bound by, and must comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , as applicable. 
 (d) Retirement Terminations. In the event of your applicable Retirement Termination, your unvested RSUs shall be eligible for the treatment specified below provided that (x) you are in compliance with the Notice Requirements and all of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , in each case, as of the Vesting Date and (y) you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain restrictive covenants substantially in the form as those set forth in Exhibit B , within 60 days following termination of your employment. 
 (i) In the event of your Legacy Retirement Termination or 55 10 Retirement Termination, you will be entitled to receive a pro-rated portion of your unvested RSUs equal to the product of (x) the total number of RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement multiplied by (y) the quotient of (A) the total number of months you were employed with the Company during the Vesting Period (rounding up partial months) divided by (B) 36. Such pro-rated RSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Vesting Date in accordance with Section 2. Any unvested RSUs that do not vest and convert into Shares in accordance with this Section 4(d)(i) shall be forfeited in their entirety 
 (ii) In the event of your 62 10 Retirement Termination, your unvested RSUs will fully vest and convert into Shares on the Vesting Date in accordance with Section 2. 
 (iii) In consideration of the treatment of your unvested RSUs upon your Retirement Termination as set forth in this Section 4(d), you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, all of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B to this Award Agreement. 
 (iv) The following chart provides a summary overview of the treatment of your awards upon a Retirement Termination, as set forth in Sections 4(d)(i) and (ii). This summary chart is qualified in its entirety by the terms of Sections 4(d)(i) and (ii). In the event of any 
 
 A-2 

inconsistency between the terms of the below chart and Sections 4(d)(i) and (ii), the terms of Sections 4(d)(i) and (ii) shall prevail. 
 Age and Service Requirements Date on Which Age and Service Requirements Must be Satisfied Treatment Legacy Retirement Eligibility 
 
 (see definition of Legacy Retirement Eligibility 
 February 7, 2019 A prorated portion of your unvested RSUs will vest as follows (i) the total number of RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (a) the total number of months you were employed with the Company during the Vesting Period (rounding up partial months) divided by (b) 36. The pro-rated RSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Vesting Date in accordance with Section 2. 
 
 Any remaining unvested RSUs shall be forfeited. 
 Age 55 and 10 years of service 
 
 (see definition of 55 10 Retirement Eligibility 
 December 31, 2019 Age 62 and 10 years of service 
 
 (see definition of 62 10 Retirement Eligibility 
 Vesting Date All of your unvested RSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Vesting Date in accordance with Section 2. 
 (e) Other Resignations from Employment. All other resignations from employment must comply with the Notice Requirements. 
 (i) If you resign from your employment with the Company under circumstances which are not in accordance with the provisions above in this Section 4, you will forfeit any RSUs that have not vested as of your last day of employment with the Company and 
 (ii) If, prior to a Vesting Date, you give MSCI notice of your intention to resign from your employment with the Company as of a date following such Vesting Date, your RSUs will vest and settle in accordance with Section 2 provided , however , that if you do not subsequently comply with the Notice Requirements, the Committee may, in its discretion, require that the gross cash value of the RSUs delivered to you in accordance with this Section 4(e)(ii) be subject to recoupment or payback. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (A) revocation of a notice of intention to resign may, in the Company s sole discretion or if required to comply with Section 409A, be deemed to be noncompliant with the Notice Requirements and, in connection with such revocation, your RSUs may be forfeited and (B) if, after you have given notice of your intention to resign or retire, as applicable, from your employment with the Company, the Company involuntarily terminates your employment without Cause prior to the expiration of your notice period, your outstanding RSUs will be treated in accordance with Section 4(b) or 4(c), as applicable. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the unvested RSUs shall only vest pursuant to this Section 4 provided that you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. 
 (f) Termination of Employment. Unless otherwise provided in Section 4 or Section 5(b), your employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company, for any reason, regardless of whether your services were terminated by you or by the Company or your applicable employer and voluntarily or involuntarily (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period (i.e., your period of employment would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any). The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of your RSUs (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while (i) on a leave of absence or (ii) while you are employed by, or you are providing services to, an entity of which the Company directly or indirectly holds at least 20 of the outstanding equity interests or voting power with respect to the voting securities thereof, or equity interests or options that if converted or exercised would constitute at least 20 of the outstanding 
 
 A-3 

equity interests or voting power with respect to the voting securities thereof (and, for the avoidance of doubt, whether a transfer of your employment to any such entity will constitute a termination of your employment for purposes of your RSUs). 
 Section 5. Change in Control. 
 (a) General. In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide for (i) the continuation or assumption of your outstanding RSUs under the Plan by the Company (if it is the surviving corporation) or by the surviving corporation or its parent, in which case your RSUs will continue to be subject to the terms of this Award Agreement, or (ii) the lapse of restrictions relating to and the settlement of your outstanding RSUs immediately prior to such Change in Control in the event a buyer will not continue or assume the RSUs. Following a Change in Control in which your outstanding RSUs are continued or assumed pursuant to clause (i) above, such RSUs may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. 
 (b) Qualifying Termination. In the event of a Qualifying Termination (as defined below), your RSUs will vest and convert into Shares within 60 days following such Qualifying Termination. If such 60-day period begins in one taxable year and ends in a subsequent taxable year, such vesting and conversion shall occur in the second taxable year. Qualifying Termination means a termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason (which shall be deemed an involuntary termination of employment by the Company without Cause), in each case within 24 months following the effective date of the Change in Control in which the RSUs are continued or assumed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the unvested RSUs shall only vest pursuant to this Section 5(b) provided that you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. 
 Section 6. Restrictive Covenants. 
 (a) Managing Directors and Retirement Eligible Participants. This Section 6(a) is only applicable to Participants who are (x) Retirement Eligible Participants (as defined below) whose employment with the Company terminates pursuant to Section 4(c) or Section 4(d), as applicable, or (y) Managing Directors as of the Grant Date, including those who are terminated pursuant to any of the termination events described in Section 4. In consideration of the grant of RSUs under this Award Agreement, as well as all other awards granted by the Company to you under the Plan, and in consideration of the economic benefits derivable by you therefrom, you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B . In the event you violate any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , (a) prior to or on the Vesting Date, you will forfeit the RSUs outstanding as of the date of such violation or (b) after the final Vesting Date, but prior to or on the expiry date of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , you will promptly deliver to the Company all Shares acquired upon conversion of the RSUs (or, to the extent you no longer hold such Shares, you will pay to the Company an amount on a gross basis equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Shares on the date the Shares were delivered to you). You may be required to provide MSCI with a written certification or other evidence that it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to confirm that you have not violated any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B . 
 (b) All Other Participants. In the case of all Participants other than those described in Section 6(a), in consideration of the grant of RSUs under this Award Agreement, as well as all other awards granted by the Company to you under the Plan, and in consideration of the economic benefits derivable by you therefrom, you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 1, 3 and 4 of Exhibit B . In the event you violate any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 1, 3 or 4 of Exhibit B (a) prior to or on the Vesting Date, you will forfeit the RSUs outstanding as of the date of such violation or (b) after the final Vesting Date, but prior to or on the expiry date of the restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 1, 3 and 4 of Exhibit B , you will promptly deliver to the Company all Shares acquired upon conversion of the RSUs (or, to the extent you no longer hold such Shares, you will pay to the Company an amount on a gross basis equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Shares on the date the Shares were delivered to you). You may be required to provide MSCI with a written certification or other evidence that it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to confirm that you have not violated any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 1, 3 or 4 of Exhibit B . 
 Section 7. Cancellation of Awards. Notwithstanding any other terms of this Award Agreement, your RSUs will be canceled prior to conversion in the event of any Cancellation Event. You may be required to provide MSCI with a written certification or other evidence that it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to confirm that no Cancellation Event has occurred. If you fail to submit a timely 
 
 A-4 

certification or evidence, MSCI will cancel your award. Except as explicitly provided in Section 4, upon a termination of your employment by you or by the Company for any reason, any of your RSUs that have not vested pursuant to Section 2 as of the date of your termination of employment with the Company will be canceled and forfeited in full as of such date. 
 Section 8. Tax and Other Withholding Obligations. Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Plan and the rules and procedures that the Committee may establish from time to time, tax or other withholding obligations arising upon vesting and conversion (as applicable) of your RSUs may be satisfied, in the Committee s sole discretion, by having MSCI withhold Shares, tendering Shares or by having MSCI withhold cash if MSCI provides for a cash withholding option, in each case in an amount necessary to satisfy the tax or other withholding obligations. Shares withheld or tendered will be valued using the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date your RSUs convert. In order to comply with applicable accounting standards or the Company s policies in effect from time to time, the Committee may limit the amount of Shares that you may have withheld or that you may tender. You acknowledge that, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items (as defined below) in more than one jurisdiction, the Company (including any former employer) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 Section 9. Nontransferability. You may not Transfer your RSUs, or the Shares underlying your RSUs (or rights to the foregoing) (including the Covered Award Share Retention Requirements set forth therein, as in effect as of the Grant Date), including with respect to shares subject to the retention requirements under the Stock Ownership Guidelines, other than as provided in Section 10 or by will or the laws of descent and distribution or otherwise as provided for by the Committee. 
 Section 10. Designation of a Beneficiary. Any designation of a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive all or part of the Shares to be paid under this Award Agreement in the event of your death will be governed by local law. To make a beneficiary designation, you must coordinate with your personal tax or estate planning representative. Any Shares that become payable upon your death will be distributed to your estate in accordance with local law rules. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary(ies) to receive Shares under this award, MSCI may determine in its sole discretion to deliver the Shares in question to your estate. MSCI s determination shall be binding and conclusive on all persons, and it will have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Shares. 
 Section 11. Ownership and Possession. Except as set forth herein, you will not have any rights as a stockholder in the Shares corresponding to your RSUs prior to conversion of your RSUs. 
 Section 12. Securities Law Compliance Matters. MSCI may, if it determines it is appropriate, affix any legend to the stock certificates representing Shares issued upon conversion of your RSUs and any stock certificates that may subsequently be issued in substitution for the original certificates. MSCI may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against such Shares if it determines that such an order is necessary or advisable. 
 Section 13. Compliance with Laws and Regulations. Any sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, mortgage, encumbrance or other disposition of Shares issued upon conversion of your RSUs (whether directly or indirectly, whether or not for value, and whether or not voluntary) must be made in compliance with any applicable constitution, rule, regulation, or policy of any of the exchanges, associations or other institutions with which MSCI has membership or other privileges, and any applicable law, or applicable rule or regulation of any governmental agency, self-regulatory organization or state or federal regulatory body. 
 Section 14. No Entitlements. 
 (a) No Right to Continued Employment. This RSU award is not an employment agreement, and nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan shall alter your status as an at-will employee of the Company. 
 (b) No Right to Future Awards. This award, and all other awards of RSUs and other equity-based awards, are discretionary. This award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive another award of RSUs or any other equity-based award at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. You agree that any release required under Section 4 of this Award Agreement is in exchange for the grant of RSUs hereunder, for which you have no current entitlement. 
 
 A-5 

(c) No Effect on Future Employment Compensation. MSCI has made this award to you in its sole discretion. This award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount. In addition, this award is not part of your base salary or wages and will not be taken into account in determining any other employment-related rights you may have, such as rights to pension or severance pay. 
 Section 15. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 Section 16. Consents under Local Law. Your award is conditioned upon the making of all filings and the receipt of all consents or authorizations required to comply with, or to be obtained under, applicable local law. 
 Section 17. Award Modification and Section 409A. 
 (a) Modification. MSCI reserves the right to modify or amend unilaterally the terms and conditions of your RSUs, without first asking your consent, or to waive any terms and conditions that operate in favor of MSCI. MSCI may not modify your RSUs in a manner that would materially impair your rights in your RSUs without your consent provided, however, that MSCI may, without your consent, amend or modify your RSUs in any manner that MSCI considers necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations or to ensure that your RSUs are not subject to tax prior to payment. MSCI will notify you of any amendment of your RSUs that affects your rights. Any amendment or waiver of a provision of this Award Agreement (other than any amendment or waiver applicable to all recipients generally), which amendment or waiver operates in your favor or confers a benefit on you, must be in writing and signed by the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the General Counsel (or if such positions no longer exist, by the holders of equivalent positions) to be effective. 
 (b) Section 409A. 
 (i) You understand and agree that all payments made pursuant to this Award Agreement are intended to be exempt and or comply with Section 409A, and shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company makes no representations that the payments provided under this Award Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event will the Company be liable for any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by you on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Award Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that MSCI determines it necessary to comply with Section 409A, if MSCI considers you to be one of its specified employees at the time of your separation from service (as such terms are defined in Section 409A) from the Company, and any amount hereunder constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, then any distribution of such amount (including the conversion of the RSUs into Shares) that otherwise would be made to you as a result of such separation from service shall not be made until the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of your separation from service from the Company (such period, the Specified Employee Period ), except to the extent that earlier distribution would not result in you incurring interest or additional tax under Section 409A. Any conversion of such RSUs into Shares that would have occurred during the Specified Employee Period but for the immediately preceding sentence shall be satisfied either by (A) conversion of such RSUs into Shares on the first business day following the Specified Employee Period or (B) a cash payment on the first business day following the Specified Employee Period equal to the value of such RSUs on the scheduled conversion date (based on the value of the Shares on such date) plus accrued interest as determined by MSCI provided, that to the extent this Section 17(b)(ii) is applicable, in the event of your death after the date of your separation from service from the Company, any conversion or payment delayed pursuant to this Section 17(b)(ii) shall occur or be made immediately. For the avoidance of doubt, any determination as to form of payment provided in this Section 17(b)(ii) will be in the sole discretion of MSCI. 
 
 A-6 

(iii) For purposes of any provision of this Award Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts of nonqualified deferred compensation upon or following a termination of employment from the Company, references to your termination of employment (and corollary terms) shall be construed to refer to your separation from service from the Company. 
 (iv) MSCI reserves the right to modify the terms of this Award Agreement, including, without limitation, the payment provisions applicable to your RSUs, to the extent necessary or advisable to comply with Section 409A and reserves the right to make any changes to your RSU award so that it does not become subject to Section 409A or become subject to a Specified Employee Period. 
 Section 18. Severability. In the event MSCI determines that any provision of this Award Agreement would cause you to be in constructive receipt for United States federal or state income tax purposes of any portion of your award, then such provision will be considered null and void, and this Award Agreement will be construed and enforced as if the provision had not been included in this Award Agreement as of the date such provision was determined to cause you to be in constructive receipt of any portion of your award. 
 Section 19. Successors. This Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon your death, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Award Agreement or the Plan. 
 Section 20. Governing Law and Venue. The RSU grant and the provisions of this Award Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or the Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of New York, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New York County, New York, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of New York, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 Section 21. Rule of Construction for Timing of Conversion. With respect to each provision of this Award Agreement that provides for your RSUs to convert into Shares, or your dividend equivalents to be paid, on a specified event or date, such conversion or payment will be considered to have been timely made, and neither you nor any of your beneficiaries or your estate shall have any claim against the Company for damages based on a delay in a conversion or payment, and the Company shall have no liability to you (or to any of your beneficiaries or your estate) in respect of any such delay, as long as payment is made by December 31 of the year in which the Vesting Date or such other specified event or date occurs, or if later, by March 15th of the year following such specified event or date. 
 Section 22. Non-U.S. Participants. The following provisions will apply to you if you reside or work outside of the United States. For the avoidance of doubt, if you reside or work in the United States and subsequently relocate to another country after the Grant Date, or if you reside in another country and subsequently relocate to the United States after the Grant Date, the following provisions may apply to you to the extent MSCI determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for tax, legal or administrative reasons. 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) Tax and Other Withholding Obligations. You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable or deemed applicable to you Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company. You further acknowledge that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs or the underlying Shares, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividend equivalents and or dividends and (ii) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. 
 
 A-7 

If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 In the event that withholding in and or tendering Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, by your acceptance of the RSUs, you authorize and direct MSCI and any brokerage firm determined acceptable to MSCI to sell on your behalf a whole number of Shares from those Shares issued to you as MSCI determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering minimum or maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the stock equivalent, or if not refunded, you may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or your employer. 
 Finally, you agree to pay to the Company, including through withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by MSCI and or your employer, any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. MSCI may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 (c) Nature of Grant. In accepting the RSUs, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (i) the Plan is established voluntarily by MSCI, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by MSCI at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (ii) this RSU award is not an employment or service agreement, and nothing in this Award Agreement or your participation in the Plan shall create a right to continued employment or other service relationship with the Company or interfere with the ability of the Company to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 (iii) this award, and all other awards of RSUs and other equity-based awards, are exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional. This award does not confer on you any contractual or other right or entitlement to receive another award of RSUs, any other equity-based award or benefits in lieu of RSUs at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. You agree that any release required under Section 4 of this Award Agreement is in exchange for the grant of RSUs hereunder, for which you have no current entitlement 
 (iv) MSCI has made this award to you in its sole discretion. All decisions with respect to future RSU or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of MSCI 
 (v) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (vi) the grant of RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of the same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (vii) this award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount. In addition, the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of the same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, leave pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the employer, or any Subsidiary 
 (viii) unless otherwise agreed with MSCI in writing, the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of a Subsidiary 
 
 A-8 

(ix) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (x) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the RSUs resulting from the termination of your employment relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) and 
 (xi) you acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. Dollar that may affect the value of the RSU or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the RSU or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 (d) Retirement Treatment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 22(d) of this Award Agreement, if the Company receives a legal opinion that there has been a legal judgment and or legal development in your jurisdiction that likely would result in the favorable treatment that applies to the RSUs in the event of your retirement being deemed unlawful and or discriminatory, the provisions of Section 4 of this Award Agreement regarding the treatment of the RSUs in the event of your retirement shall not be applicable to you. 
 (e) Data Privacy. 
 The Company is located at 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, 49th Floor, New York, New York 10007, United States of America, and grants employees of the Company, Subsidiaries and affiliates the opportunity to participate in the Plan, at the Company s sole discretion. If you would like to participate in the Plan, you understand and acknowledge that 
 (i) if you are a United Kingdom UK ), Switzerland, European Union EU or European Economic Area EEA employee, the Company will collect, process and transfer your personal data in accordance with the Employee Privacy Notice, a copy of which can be found on MSCI s intranet. 
 (ii) if you are not a UK Switzerland EU EEA employee, the Company will collect, process and transfer your personal data in accordance with the MSCI Personal Information and Data Protection Policy and Consent, a copy of which can be found on MSCI s intranet. 
 (f) Language. If you are a resident in a country where English is not an official language, you acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. You further acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that the Award Agreement, Exhibit C and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the RSUs be written in English. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 (g) Electronic Delivery and Participation. MSCI may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by MSCI or a third party designated by MSCI. 
 (h) Exhibit C. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the RSUs shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit C to this Award Agreement for your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in Exhibit C , the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent MSCI determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Exhibit C constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 (i) Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws. By accepting the RSUs, you acknowledge that you are bound by all the terms and conditions of any MSCI insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. You further acknowledge that, depending on your country of residence, you may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell, or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., RSUs) or rights 
 
 A-9 

linked to the value of Shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding MSCI (as determined under the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you place before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or otherwise causing them to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions, and you should consult your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
 (j) Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control Reporting. Your country may have certain exchange control and or foreign asset account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends or dividend equivalents received or sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside of your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate cash received from participating in the Plan to your country within a certain period of time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable regulations, and that you should consult your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Section 23. Defined Terms. For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 55 10 Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time on or prior to December 31, 2019, of age 55 and ten years of service with the Company (giving effect to credit for prior service with MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with entities which are MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction pursuant to which such entity became a Subsidiary or affiliate of MSCI and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 55 10 Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 4(b)) on or after the date that you attain 55 10 Retirement Eligibility. 
 62 10 Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time prior to the Vesting Date, of age 62 and ten years of service with the Company (giving effect to credit for prior service with MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with entities which are MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction pursuant to which such entity became a Subsidiary or affiliate of MSCI and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 62 10 Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 4(c)) on or after the date that you attain 62 10 Retirement Eligibility. 
 A Cancellation Event will be deemed to have occurred under any one of the following circumstances 
 (a) misuse of Confidential Information (as defined in Exhibit B to this Award Agreement) or failure to comply with your obligations under MSCI s Code of Conduct or otherwise with respect to Confidential Information, as applicable 
 (b) termination from the Company for Cause (or a later determination that you could have been terminated for Cause provided that such determination is made within six months of termination) 
 (c) your commission of a fraudulent act or participation in misconduct which leads to a material restatement of the Company s financial statements 
 
 A-10 

(d) in the case of employees who are Managing Directors as of the Grant Date, your failure to affirmatively accept the terms of this Award Agreement by 
 (e) in the case of employees who are not (x) Retirement Eligible Participants or (y) Managing Directors as of the Grant Date, any of the following without the consent of MSCI 
 (i) while employed by the Company, including during any notice period applicable to you in connection with your termination of employment with the Company, you directly or indirectly in any capacity (including through any person, corporation, partnership or other business entity of any kind) hire or solicit, recruit, induce, entice, influence or encourage any Company employee to leave the Company or become hired or engaged by another company or 
 (ii) while employed by the Company, including during any notice period applicable to you in connection with your termination of employment with the Company, you directly or indirectly in any capacity (including through any person, corporation, partnership or other business entity of any kind) solicit or entice away or in any manner attempt to persuade any client or customer, or prospective client or customer, of the Company (A) to discontinue or diminish his, her or its relationship or prospective relationship with the Company or (B) to otherwise provide his, her or its business to any person, corporation, partnership or other business entity which engages in any line of business in which the Company is engaged (other than the Company). 
 Cause means 
 (a) any act or omission which constitutes a material willful breach of your obligations to the Company or your continued and willful refusal to substantially perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of you, which results in material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which breach, failure or refusal (if susceptible to cure) is not corrected (other than failure to correct by reason of your incapacity due to physical or mental illness) within 30 days after written notification thereof to you by the Company provided that no act or failure to act on your part shall be deemed willful unless done or omitted to be done by you not in good faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission was in the best interest of the Company 
 (b) your commission of any dishonest or fraudulent act, or any other act or omission with respect to the Company, which has caused or may reasonably be expected to cause a material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which act or omission is not successfully refuted by you within 30 days after written notification thereof to you by the Company 
 (c) your plea of guilty or nolo contendere to or conviction of a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any other plea or confession of a similar crime in a jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business or 
 (d) your commission of a fraudulent act or participation in misconduct which leads to a material restatement of the Company s financial statements. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Committee has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan provided , however , that, for purposes of administering this Award with respect to participants who are not officers or directors of the Company subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Committee may delegate its authority to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer or Head of Compensation and Benefits. 
 Disability means (a) you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (b) you, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, are receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. 
 Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without your prior written consent 
 
 A-11 

(a) any material diminution in your title, status, position, the scope of your assigned duties, responsibilities or authority, including the assignment to you of any duties, responsibilities or authority inconsistent with the duties, responsibilities and authority assigned to you prior to a Change in Control (including any such diminution resulting from a transaction in which the Company is no longer a public company) 
 (b) any reduction in your total compensation that was in existence prior to a Change in Control (for purposes of this clause (b), total compensation is comprised of your (i) current annual base salary, (ii) your current target annual cash bonus and (iii) the grant date fair value of your most recent annual equity-based incentive compensation awards (on an annualized basis, if applicable) (the Equity Value ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of (iii), if any of your equity-based incentive compensation awards are front-loaded awards intended to cover multiple years of awards, the Committee may, in its reasonable discretion, adjust in connection with the grant of such award the Equity Value for purposes of this definition to take into account what the grant date fair value for an equity-based incentive compensation award would be if the award represented only a single-year award. Additionally, if in any year, no equity-based incentive compensation awards were granted to you or an equity-based incentive compensation award was granted to you, in each case, taking into account the front-loaded award in a prior year, the Committee shall allocate a portion of such front-loaded award to the Equity Value for the relevant year. Finally, the Committee shall have the authority, in its reasonable discretion, to exclude any extraordinary and nonrecurring equity-based incentive compensation awards or arrangements from the calculation of Equity Value for purposes hereunder 
 (c) a relocation of more than 25 miles from the location of your principal job or office location prior to a Change in Control or 
 (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of any agreement pursuant to which you provide services to the Company 
 provided , that Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist unless (x) you provide the Company with written notice of your intent to terminate your employment for Good Reason within 90 days of your becoming aware of any of the events or circumstances set forth above (with such notice indicating the specific termination provision above on which you are relying and describing in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the indicated provision), (y) the Company fails to remedy such events or circumstances set forth in such notice within 30 days following receipt of such notice and (z) you actually resign from employment with the Company within 60 days after the expiration of the cure period descried in clause (y). 
 HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. 
 Legacy Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time on or prior to February 7, 2019, of any of the following criteria 
 (a) age 55 and 12 years of service with the Company as a Managing Director or comparable officer or 
 (b) age 50 and 15 years as an officer of the Company or 
 (c) age 55 with five years of service with the Company and age plus years of service equals or exceeds 65 or 
 (d) 20 years of service with the Company 
 provided that, for purposes of this definition, service with the Company will include any period of service with the following entities and any of their predecessors 
 (i) Barra Inc. and its subsidiaries, prior to the acquisition by the Company 
 (ii) Capital International Perspectives S.A., prior to the acquisition by the Company 
 (iii) Morgan Stanley 
 
 A-12 

(iv) Morgan Stanley Group Inc. and its subsidiaries MS Group prior to the merger with and into Dean Witter, Discover & Co. and 
 (v) Dean Witter, Discover & Co. and its subsidiaries DWD prior to the merger of Morgan Stanley Group Inc. with and into Dean Witter, Discover & Co. provided that, in the case of an employee who has transferred employment from DWD to MS Group or vice versa, a former employee of DWD will receive credit for employment with DWD only if he or she transferred directly from DWD to Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated or its affiliates subsequent to February 5, 1997, and a former employee of MS Group will receive credit for employment with MS Group only if he or she transferred directly from MS Group to Morgan Stanley DW Inc. or its affiliates subsequent to February 5, 1997. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with the entities listed above to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction described above or, in the case of the MS Group, if you were an employee of the MS Group on the closing date of the spin-off of MSCI from the MS Group and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 Legacy Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 4(b)) on or after the date that you attain Legacy Retirement Eligibility. 
 Notice Requirements means prior written notice to MSCI of at least 
 (a) 180 days if you are a member of the MSCI Executive Committee (or a successor or equivalent committee) at the time of notice of resignation 
 (b) 90 days if you are a Managing Director of the Company (or equivalent title) at the time of notice of resignation 
 (c) 60 days if you are an Executive Director of the Company (or equivalent title) at the time of notice of resignation 
 (d) 30 days if you are a Vice President of the Company (or equivalent title) at the time of notice of resignation or 
 (e) 14 days for all other employees of the Company. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, employees working or residing outside of the United States may be subject to notice periods mandated under local labor or regulatory requirements which may differ from the Notice Requirements set forth above. 
 Retirement Eligible Participant means any Participant who, as of the applicable date of determination, satisfies the requirements for Legacy Retirement Eligibility, 55 10 Retirement Eligibility or 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, as the case may be. 
 Retirement Termination means a Legacy Retirement Termination, a 55 10 Retirement Termination or a 62 10 Retirement Termination, as applicable. 
 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code. 
 Transfer means to, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, alienate, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose. 
 
 A-13 

EXHIBIT B 

 RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
 All Participants are subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B , as may be applicable to them pursuant to the Award Agreement. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Award Agreement. 
 
 Section 1. Confidential Information Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) During your employment or service with the Company and at all times thereafter, you agree to keep secret and retain in strictest confidence and trust for the sole benefit of the Company, and shall not disclose, directly or indirectly, or use for your benefit or the benefit of others, without the prior written consent of the Company, any Confidential Information 
 (b) In the event of a termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason, you shall deliver to MSCI all documents and data containing or pertaining to the Confidential Information and shall not retain or take with you any documents or data of any kind or any reproductions (in whole or in part) or extracts of any items containing or relating to the Confidential Information. Nothing contained in this Section 1 of this Exhibit B shall prohibit you from disclosing Confidential Information if such disclosure is required by law, governmental process or valid legal process. 
 (c) Unless you are reporting a possible violation of law to a governmental entity or law enforcement, making a disclosure that is protected under the whistleblower protections of applicable law and or participating in a governmental investigation, in the event that you are legally compelled to disclose any of the Confidential Information, you shall provide MSCI with prompt written notice so that MSCI, at its sole cost and expense, may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 1 of this Exhibit B . If such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or if the Company waives compliance with the provisions of this Section 1, you shall furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information that you in good faith believe is legally required to be disclosed. In addition to the foregoing, and subject to the second preceding sentence, you hereby agree to comply with the requirements of any and all agreements that you have entered into, or may in the future enter into, with the Company with respect to the use or disclosure of any of the Confidential Information. 
 (d) All Inventions shall be the exclusive property of the Company, and you hereby irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to all Inventions to the Company. You shall promptly disclose all Inventions to the Company, shall execute at the request of the Company any assignments or other documents that the Company may deem necessary to protect or perfect the rights of the Company therein, and shall assist the Company, at the Company s expense, in obtaining, defending and enforcing the Company s rights therein. You hereby appoint the Company as your attorney-in-fact to execute on your behalf any assignments or other documents deemed necessary by the Company to protect or perfect its rights to any Inventions. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in this Award Agreement precludes or otherwise limits your ability to (i) communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any applicable law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agency or self-regulatory organization regarding possible legal violations, without disclosure to the Company, or (ii) disclose information which is required to be disclosed by applicable law, regulation, or order or requirement (including without limitation, by deposition, interrogatory, requests for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) of courts, administrative agencies, the SEC, any Government Agency or self-regulatory organizations, provided that you provide the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and cooperate with the Company in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information. The Company may not retaliate against you for any of these activities. 
 (f) Pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), you and the Company acknowledge and agree that you shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In 
 
 B-1 

addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, if you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the trade secret to your attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if you (x) file any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Award Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. 
 Section 2. Non-Compete . During your employment or service with the Company and for a period of one year following the termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason (the Non-Compete Restricted Period ), you shall not, without the consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, provide services to, accept employment with, be a consultant or advisor to, form, lend financial support to, own any interest in (other than shares of a publicly traded company that represent less than 1 of the outstanding shares) or otherwise enter into any arrangement with, or engage in any activity for or on behalf of, any Competitor (as defined below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be in violation of this Section 2 following the termination of your employment or service with the Company to the extent that you provide Permitted Services to a Permitted Business (in each case, as defined below). 
 Section 3. Non-Solicit and No-Hire . During your employment or service with the Company and for a period of two years following the termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason (the Non-Solicit Restricted Period ), you shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the Company, (b) hire any employee of the Company prior to the date on which such person has not been employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for a period of at least one year or (c) induce or attempt to induce any customer, client, supplier, vendor, licensee or other business relationship of the Company to cease doing or reduce their business with the Company, or in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company and any customer, client, supplier, licensee or other business relationship of the Company. 
 Section 4. Non-Disparagement . At all times during your employment or service with the Company and after termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason, you will not knowingly make any statement, written or oral, that would disparage the business or reputation of the Company or its officers, managers, directors or employees. It will not be a violation of this Section 4 for you to make truthful statements, under oath, as required by law, to a governmental or regulatory entity or law enforcement agency or as part of a litigation or administrative agency proceeding. 
 
 Section 5. Certain Remedies . You acknowledge that the terms of this Exhibit B are reasonable and necessary in light of your unique position, responsibility and knowledge of the operations of the Company and the unfair advantage that your knowledge and expertise concerning the business of the Company would afford a competitor of the Company and are not more restrictive than necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or any final non-appealable decision of an arbitrator in connection with a mandatory arbitration, declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit B or the Award Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court or arbitrator making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit B and the Award Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. You acknowledge that the Company and its shareholders would be irreparably harmed by any breach of this Exhibit B and that there would be no adequate remedy at law or in damages to compensate the Company and its shareholders for any such breach. You agree that MSCI shall be entitled to injunctive relief, without having to post bond or other security, requiring specific performance by you of your obligations in this Exhibit B in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, and you consent to the entry thereof. You agree that the Non-Compete Restricted Period and the Non-Solicit Restricted Period, as applicable, shall be extended by any and all periods during which you are in breach of this Exhibit B . 
 
 Section 6. Definitions . For purposes of this Exhibit B and the Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 Competitor means any person, entity or business that is engaged in, or that owns a significant equity, voting, financial or other interest in an entity that is engaged in, one or more Competing Businesses. 
 Competing Business means any business or activity that competes with the MSCI Business or is reasonably anticipated to compete with the MSCI Business. 
 
 B-2 

Confidential Information means all proprietary or confidential matters or trade secrets of, and confidential and competitively valuable information concerning, the Company (whether or not such information is in written form and whether or not its marked confidential). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Confidential Information shall include information concerning organization and operations, business and affairs formulae, processes, technical data know-how flow charts computer programs and computer software access codes or other systems of information algorithms technology and business processes business, product or marketing plans or strategies sales and other forecasts financial information or financing financial projections lists of clients or customers or potential clients or customers details of client or consultant contracts supplier or vendor lists or arrangements business acquisition or disposition plans employee information, new personnel acquisition plans and information relating to compensation and benefits budget information and procedures research products research and development all data, concepts, ideas, findings, discoveries, developments, programs, designs, inventions, improvements, methods, practices and techniques, whether or not patentable, relating to present or planned future activities or products or services and public information that becomes proprietary as a result of the Company s compilation of that information for use in its business provided , however , that the Confidential Information shall in no event include (x) any Confidential Information which was generally available to the public at the time of disclosure by you or (y) any Confidential Information which becomes publicly available other than as a consequence of the breach by you of your confidentiality obligations hereunder or under any other confidentiality agreement you have entered into with the Company, including, but not limited, the MSCI Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. 
 Inventions means, collectively, all rights to discoveries, inventions, improvements and innovations, copyright and copyrightable materials (including all data and records pertaining thereto) related to the business of the Company, whether or not patentable, copyrightable, registrable as a trademark or reduced to writing, that you may discover, invent or originate during your employment or service with the Company or any predecessor entity, either alone or with others and whether or not during working hours or by the use of the facilities of the Company. 
 MSCI Business means any business, or part thereof, engaged in, contemplated or actively planned by the Company as of the date of your termination of employment that you were actively involved in, provided services to, or participated in the planning of, during your employment with the Company. 
 Permitted Business means (i) any Competing Business of the applicable Competitor that is (A) an immaterial part of the overall business of the applicable Competitor and (B) not a significant competitor of the MSCI Business or reasonably anticipated to become a significant competitor of the MSCI Business, as determined in good faith by the Committee or (ii) any other business or activity of the applicable Competitor that is not a Competing Business. 
 Permitted Services means employment, engagement or the provision of assistance or services that (i) are solely administrative in nature, (ii) do not include any aspect of the operation, strategy, supervision, compliance or regulation of any Competing Business (including, without limitation, assistance or services relating to information technology, data, operations, product management, research, client coverage and support, compensation, recruiting, and marketing assistance and management) and (iii) with respect to any assistance or services to, or in support of, a Competing Business, are an immaterial portion of your overall job responsibilities to the applicable Competitor.. 

B-3 

EXHIBIT C 

 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

C-1 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 5
 exhibit1023_2023omnibuspsu.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

Exhibit 10.23 
 
 2023 ANNUAL PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS FOR MANAGING DIRECTORS UNDER THE MSCI INC. 2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 MSCI Inc. MSCI , and together with its Subsidiaries, the Company hereby grants to you Performance Stock Units PSUs as described below. The awards are being granted under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 
 Participant Name Number of PSUs Granted # PSUs (the Target PSUs 
 Grant Date 
 Performance Period 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Post-Vest Holding Period 
 
 Your PSUs may be subject to forfeiture or recoupment if you terminate employment with the Company, fail to affirmatively accept the terms of this Award Agreement by or do not comply with the Notice Requirements (as defined in Exhibit A attached hereto), as set forth in the Plan and this Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (including Exhibit A , Exhibit B and Exhibit C attached hereto, this Award Agreement ). 
 
 You agree that this Award Agreement is granted under the Plan and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and Exhibit A , Exhibit B and Exhibit C attached hereto. You also agree that, to the extent you are or become covered by such policies, the PSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement and any Shares issued in settlement or satisfaction thereof shall be subject to (i) the MSCI Inc. Clawback Policy and any other clawback policy adopted by the Company (including any such policy that is intended to comply with Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and applicable stock exchange listing requirements) and (ii) any stock ownership guidelines of MSCI (including applicable retention requirements thereunder), in each case, as may be in effect from time to time, the terms of which shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference and made part of this Award Agreement. You will be able to access a prospectus and tax supplement that contains important information about this award via the MSCI website or your brokerage account. Unless defined in this Award Agreement, capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MSCI has duly executed and delivered this Award Agreement as of the Grant Date. 
 MSCI Inc. 
 Name Title 

EXHIBIT A 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 2023 ANNUAL PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Section 1. PSUs Generally . MSCI has awarded you PSUs as an incentive for you to continue to provide services to the Company and to align your interests with those of the Company. As such, you will earn your Adjusted PSUs (as defined below) only if you remain in continuous employment with the Company through the Vesting Date, or as otherwise set forth below. Each PSU corresponds to one share of MSCI common stock, par value 0.01 per share (each, a Share ). Each PSU constitutes a contingent and unsecured promise by MSCI to deliver one Share on the conversion date for such PSU. 
 Section 2. Performance Adjustment, Vesting and Conversion Schedule and HSR Act . 
 (a) Performance Adjustment. The number of Target PSUs awarded under this Award Agreement shall be adjusted, within a range of to of the number of Target PSUs, after the end of the Performance Period based on the achievement of the performance metric set forth in Appendix 1 hereto (the Performance Metric ). Following the end of the Performance Period, management of MSCI shall provide its calculation of the Performance Metric to the Committee. The Committee will review the extent of the achievement of the Performance Metric and shall certify in writing such achievement. 
 
 The number of PSUs that will be converted into Shares pursuant to Section 2(b), Section 4 or Section 5 (the Adjusted PSUs will be determined based on the following formula on a date no later than (such date, the Adjustment Date 

Target PSUs x Adjustment Percentage 
 (as defined in Appendix 1 
 Number of Adjusted PSUs 
 
 (b) Vesting and Conversion . The Target PSUs will vest (as to service) on (the Vesting Date ), subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(a) provided that, subject to Section 4 and Section 5, you continue to be employed by the Company on the Vesting Date provided, further , that you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. Vested Adjusted PSUs shall convert into Shares no earlier than , and no later than the Adjustment Date. 
 
 (c) HSR Act . If Adjusted PSUs would have converted pursuant to this Section 2, Section 4 or Section 5(b), but did not convert solely because you were not in compliance with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act, subject to Section 409A, the conversion date for such Adjusted PSUs shall occur on the first date following the date on which you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. 
 (d) Post-Vest Holding Period. All Shares issued upon the conversion of the Adjusted PSUs pursuant to this Section 2 shall be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. During the Post-Vest Holding Period, such Shares (and your rights with respect to such Shares) may not be Transferred. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Post-Vest Holding Period shall not apply with respect to any Shares (i) required to be withheld or tendered in satisfaction of any tax withholding obligations pursuant to Section 8, (ii) sold to satisfy tax obligations (assuming a tax rate of 50 that are not met, in whole or in part, by MSCI withholding Shares pursuant to Section 8, if you are subject to tax rules or regulations that do not permit or limit tax withholding upon the conversion of the Adjusted PSUs pursuant to this Section 2, as may be permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion from time to time or (iii) transferred by you for estate planning purposes to any trust or other estate planning vehicle established and controlled by you, as may be permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion from time to time provided that such trust or other estate planning vehicle shall remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, including the Post-Vest Holding Period). 
 (e) Stock Ownership Guidelines and Retention Requirements . In addition to the Post-Vest Holding Period set forth in Section 2(d) above, to the extent that you are subject to MSCI s Stock Ownership Guidelines (the Ownership Guidelines as of the Grant Date, the Shares (or any applicable portion thereof) issuable to you upon the conversion of the Adjusted PSUs will be subject to the Covered Award Share Retention Requirement set forth in the Ownership Guidelines (as in effect on the Grant Date) and, accordingly, such Shares (or applicable portion thereof) shall not be Transferred by you while subject to such 
 
 A-1 

retention requirements. In addition to the foregoing, to the extent you are as of the Grant Date, or become following the Grant Date, subject to the Ownership Guidelines, you agree and acknowledge that the Shares issuable to you upon the conversion of the Adjusted PSUs shall be subject to the other terms and conditions (including other applicable retention requirements) under the Ownership Guidelines, as may be in effect from time to time. You agree and acknowledge that that a copy of the Ownership Guidelines has been previously made available to you and that you understand and acknowledge the terms of such Ownership Guidelines and the terms of this Section 2(e). 
 Section 3. Dividend Equivalent Payments . Until your PSUs convert into Shares, if MSCI pays a dividend on Shares, you will be credited with a dividend equivalent payment in the same amount as the dividend you would have received if you held Shares for your vested and unvested PSUs immediately prior to the record date (taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2(a) and adjustments provided under the Plan). Assuming you hold PSUs on the record date, MSCI will credit the dividend equivalent payments when it pays the corresponding dividend on its Shares. Your dividend equivalents will vest and be paid at the same time as, and subject to the same vesting and cancellation provisions set forth in this Award Agreement with respect to, your PSUs provided that, subject to Section 20, the dividend equivalents may be paid following the scheduled conversion date on the next regularly scheduled payroll date). No dividend equivalents will be paid to you with respect to any canceled or forfeited PSUs. MSCI will decide on the form of payment and may pay dividend equivalents in Shares, in cash or in a combination thereof, unless otherwise provided in Exhibit C . 
 Section 4. Termination of Employment . Upon termination of employment with the Company prior to the Vesting Date pursuant to this Section 4, the following special vesting and payment terms will apply to your unvested PSUs 
 (a) Termination of Employment Due to Death or Disability . If your employment with the Company terminates due to death or Disability, in each case, prior to the Vesting Date, your Adjusted PSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Adjustment Date (even though you are not employed by the Company on the Vesting Date). Upon a termination of employment due to death, the Adjusted PSUs shall be delivered in accordance with Section 10 and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. 
 (b) Involuntary Termination of Employment by the Company. 
 (i) Prior to 62 10 Retirement Eligibility. In the event of an involuntary termination of your employment by the Company without Cause prior to 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, provided that you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain restrictive covenants substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B , within 60 days following termination of your employment, you will be entitled to receive a pro-rated portion of your Target PSUs equal to the product of (i) the total number of Target PSUs multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (A) the total number of months you were employed with the Company during the Performance Period (rounding up partial months) divided by (B) 36. Such pro-rated Target PSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Adjustment Date in accordance with Section 2 and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. All other PSUs that do not vest and convert into Shares in accordance with this Section 4(b) shall be forfeited in their entirety. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a termination of your employment as described in this Section 4(b)(i), pursuant to Section 6, you may still be bound by, and must comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , as applicable. 
 (ii) Following 62 10 Retirement Eligibility. In the event of an involuntary termination of your employment by the Company without Cause following 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, provided that you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain restrictive covenants substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B , within 60 days following termination of your employment, your Adjusted PSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Adjustment Date in accordance with Section 2 and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a termination of your employment as described in this Section 4(b)(ii), pursuant to Section 6, you may still be bound by, and must comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , as applicable. 
 (c) Retirement Terminations. In the event of your applicable Retirement Termination, your Target PSUs shall be eligible for the treatment specified below provided that (x) you are in compliance with the Notice Requirements and all of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , in each case, as of the Vesting Date and (y) you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the 
 
 A-2 

Company, which will contain restrictive covenants substantially in the form as those set forth in Exhibit B , within 60 days following termination of your employment. 
 (i) In the event of your Legacy Retirement Termination or 55 10 Retirement Termination, you will be entitled to receive a pro-rated portion of your Target PSUs equal to the product of (i) the total number of Target PSUs multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (A) the total number of months you were employed with the Company during the Performance Period (rounding up partial months) divided by (B) 36. Such pro-rated Target PSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Adjustment Date in accordance with Section 2 and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. All other PSUs that do not vest and convert into Shares in accordance with this Section 4(c)(i) shall be forfeited in their entirety. 
 (ii) In the event of your 62 10 Retirement Termination, your Target PSUs will vest and convert into Shares in accordance with Section 2 and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. 
 (iii) In consideration of the treatment of your Target PSUs upon your Retirement Termination as set forth in this Section 4(c), you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, all of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B to this Award Agreement. 
 (iv) The following chart provides a summary overview of the treatment of your awards upon a Retirement Termination, as set forth in Sections 4(c)(i) and (ii). This summary chart is qualified in its entirety by the terms of Sections 4(c)(i) and (ii). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the below chart and Sections 4(c)(i) and (ii), the terms of Sections 4(c)(i) and (ii) shall prevail. 
 Age and Service Requirements Date on Which Age and Service Requirements Must be Satisfied Treatment Legacy Retirement Eligibility 
 
 (see definition of Legacy Retirement Eligibility 
 February 7, 2019 A pro-rated portion of your Target PSUs will vest as follows the product of (i) the total number of Target PSUs multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (A) the total number of months you were employed with the Company during the Performance Period (rounding up partial months) divided by (B) 36. Such pro-rated Target PSUs will vest and convert into Shares on the Adjustment Date in accordance with Section 2 and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. 
 
 All other PSUs that do not vest and convert into Shares shall be forfeited in their entirety. 
 Age 55 and 10 years of service 
 
 (see definition of 55 10 Retirement Eligibility 
 December 31, 2019 Age 62 and 10 years of service 
 
 (see definition of 62 10 Retirement Eligibility 
 Vesting Date All of your Target PSUs will vest and convert into Shares in accordance with Section 2 and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. 

(d) Other Resignations from Employment . All other resignations from employment must comply with the Notice Requirements. 
 (i) If you resign from your employment with the Company under circumstances which are not in accordance with the provisions above in this Section 4, you will forfeit any PSUs that have not vested as of your last day of employment with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, any Shares underlying your PSUs (or rights thereto) that vested and converted prior to your resignation remain subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period following your last day of employment with the Company and 
 (ii) If, prior to the Vesting Date, you give MSCI notice of your intention to resign from your employment with the Company as of a date following the Vesting Date, your PSUs will vest and settle in accordance with Section 2 and will be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period 
 
 A-3 

provided , however , that if you do not subsequently comply with the Notice Requirements or Post-Vest Holding Period, the Committee may, in its discretion, require that the gross cash value of the PSUs delivered to you in accordance with this Section 4(d)(ii) be subject to recoupment or payback. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (A) revocation of a notice of intention to resign may, in the Company s sole discretion or if required to comply with Section 409A, be deemed to be noncompliant with the Notice Requirements and, in connection with such revocation, your PSUs may be forfeited and (B) if, after you have given notice of your intention to resign or retire, as applicable, from your employment with the Company, the Company involuntarily terminates your employment without Cause prior to the expiration of your notice period, your outstanding PSUs will be treated in accordance with Section 4(b) or Section 4(c), as applicable. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Adjusted PSUs shall only vest pursuant to this Section 4 provided that you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. 
 (e) Termination of Employment . Unless otherwise provided in this Section 4 or Section 5(b), your employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company , for any reason, regardless of whether your services were terminated by you or by the Company or your applicable employer and voluntarily or involuntarily (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period (i.e., your period of employment would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Plan, the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine whether and when you are no longer actively providing services for all purposes of your PSUs (including, without limitation, for purposes of this Section 4 and determining whether you are a Retirement Eligible Participant), including whether you may still be considered to be providing services (i) while on a leave of absence or (ii) while you are employed by, or you are providing services to, an entity of which the Company directly or indirectly holds at least 20 of the outstanding equity interests or voting power with respect to the voting securities thereof, or equity interests or options that if converted or exercised would constitute at least 20 of the outstanding equity interests or voting power with respect to the voting securities thereof (and, for the avoidance of doubt, whether a transfer of your employment to any such entity will constitute a termination of your employment for purposes of your PSUs). 
 Section 5. Change in Control . 
 (a) General . In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide for (i) the continuation or assumption of your outstanding PSUs under the Plan by the Company (if it is the surviving corporation) or by the surviving corporation or its parent, in which case your PSUs will continue to be subject to the terms of this Award Agreement, or (ii) the lapse of restrictions relating to and the settlement of your outstanding PSUs immediately prior to such Change in Control in the event a buyer will not continue or assume the PSUs provided , however , in each case, the Performance Metric targets relating to any outstanding Target PSUs will be deemed to have been achieved at the greater of (x) the actual achievement of the Performance Metrics for the period (A) commencing on the first day of the Performance Period and (B) ending on the date immediately prior to such Change in Control and (y) . Following a Change in Control in which your outstanding PSUs are continued or assumed pursuant to clause (i) above, such PSUs may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. 
 
 (b) Qualifying Termination . In the event of a Qualifying Termination (as defined below), your PSUs will vest and convert into Shares within 60 days following such Qualifying Termination. If such 60-day period begins in one taxable year and ends in a subsequent taxable year, such vesting and conversion shall occur in the second taxable year. Qualifying Termination means a termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason (which shall be deemed an involuntary termination of employment by the Company without Cause), in each case within 24 months following the effective date of the Change in Control in which the PSUs are continued or assumed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the PSUs shall only vest pursuant to this Section 5(b) provided that you have complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act and shall not be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. 
 
 A-4 

Section 6. Restrictive Covenants . In consideration of the grant of PSUs under this Award Agreement, as well as all other awards granted by the Company to you under the Plan, and in consideration of the economic benefits derivable by you therefrom, you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B to this Award Agreement. In the event you violate any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B (a) prior to or on the Adjustment Date, you will forfeit the PSUs (whether or not they are Adjusted PSUs) outstanding as of the date of such violation or (b) after the Adjustment Date, but prior to or on the expiry date of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , you will promptly deliver to the Company all Shares acquired upon conversion of the Adjusted PSUs (or, to the extent you no longer hold such Shares, you will pay to the Company an amount on a gross basis equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Shares on the date the Shares were delivered to you). You may be required to provide MSCI with a written certification or other evidence that it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to confirm that you have not violated any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B . 
 Section 7. Cancellation of Awards . Notwithstanding any other terms of this Award Agreement, your PSUs will be canceled prior to conversion in the event of any Cancellation Event. You may be required to provide MSCI with a written certification or other evidence that it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to confirm that no Cancellation Event has occurred. If you fail to submit a timely certification or evidence, MSCI will cancel your award. Except as explicitly provided in Section 4 or Section 5(b), upon a termination of your employment by you or by the Company for any reason, any of your PSUs that have not vested pursuant to Section 2 as of the date of your termination of employment with the Company will be canceled and forfeited in full as of such date. 
 Section 8. Tax and Other Withholding Obligations . Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Plan and the rules and procedures that the Committee may establish from time to time, tax or other withholding obligations arising upon vesting and conversion (as applicable) of your PSUs and irrespective of any Post-Vest Holding Period may be satisfied, in the Committee s sole discretion, by having MSCI withhold Shares, tendering Shares or by having MSCI withhold cash if MSCI provides for a cash withholding option, in each case in an amount necessary to satisfy the tax or other withholding obligations. Shares withheld or tendered will be valued using the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date your PSUs convert. In order to comply with applicable accounting standards or the Company s policies in effect from time to time, the Committee may limit the amount of Shares that you may have withheld or that you may tender. You acknowledge that, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items (as defined below) in more than one jurisdiction, the Company (including any former employer) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 Section 9. Nontransferability . You may not Transfer your PSUs or the Shares underlying your PSUs (or your rights to the foregoing), including during the Post-Vest Holding Period or with respect to Shares subject to the retention requirements under the Stock Ownership Guidelines (including the Covered Award Share Retention Requirements set forth therein, as in effect as of the Grant Date), if applicable, other than as provided in Section 2(d) or Section 10 or by will or the laws of descent and distribution or otherwise as provided for by the Committee. 
 Section 10. Designation of a Beneficiary . Any designation of a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive all or part of the Shares to be paid under this Award Agreement in the event of your death will be governed by local law. To make a beneficiary designation, you must coordinate with your personal tax or estate planning representative. Any Shares that become payable upon your death will be distributed to your estate in accordance with local law rules. You may replace or revoke your beneficiary designation at any time. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary(ies) to receive Shares under this award, MSCI may determine in its sole discretion to deliver the Shares in question to your estate. MSCI s determination shall be binding and conclusive on all persons, and it will have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Shares. 
 Section 11. Ownership and Possession . Except as set forth herein, you will not have any rights as a stockholder in the Shares corresponding to your PSUs prior to conversion of your PSUs. Following conversion of your PSUs, you will be subject to the Post-Vest Holding Period. 
 Section 12. Securities Law Compliance Matters . MSCI may, if it determines it is appropriate, affix any legend to the stock certificates representing Shares issued upon conversion of your PSUs and any stock certificates that may subsequently be issued in substitution for the original certificates. MSCI may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against such Shares if it determines that such an order is necessary or advisable. 
 
 A-5 

Section 13. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . Any sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, mortgage, encumbrance or other disposition of Shares issued upon conversion of your PSUs and following the expiration of the Post-Vest Holding Period (whether directly or indirectly, whether or not for value, and whether or not voluntary) must be made in compliance with any applicable constitution, rule, regulation, or policy of any of the exchanges, associations or other institutions with which MSCI has membership or other privileges, and any applicable law, or applicable rule or regulation of any governmental agency, self-regulatory organization or state or federal regulatory body. 
 Section 14. No Entitlements . 
 (a) No Right to Continued Employment . This PSU award is not an employment agreement, and nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan shall alter your status as an at-will employee of the Company. 
 (b) No Right to Future Awards . This award, and all other awards of PSUs and other equity-based awards, are discretionary. This award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive another award of PSUs or any other equity-based award at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. You agree that any release required under Section 4 of this Award Agreement is in exchange for the grant of PSUs hereunder, for which you have no current entitlement. 
 (c) No Effect on Future Employment Compensation . MSCI has made this award to you in its sole discretion. This award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount. In addition, this award is not part of your base salary or wages and will not be taken into account in determining any other employment-related rights you may have, such as rights to pension or severance pay. 
 Section 15. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 Section 16. Consents under Local Law . Your award is conditioned upon the making of all filings and the receipt of all consents or authorizations required to comply with, or to be obtained under, applicable local law. 
 Section 17. Award Modification and Section 409A . 
 (a) Modification. MSCI reserves the right to modify or amend unilaterally the terms and conditions of your PSUs, without first asking your consent, or to waive any terms and conditions that operate in favor of MSCI. MSCI may not modify your PSUs in a manner that would materially impair your rights in your PSUs without your consent provided, however, that MSCI may, without your consent, amend or modify your PSUs in any manner that MSCI considers necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations or to ensure that your PSUs are not subject to tax prior to payment. MSCI will notify you of any amendment of your PSUs that affects your rights. Any amendment or waiver of a provision of this Award Agreement (other than any amendment or waiver applicable to all recipients generally), which amendment or waiver operates in your favor or confers a benefit on you, must be in writing and signed by the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the General Counsel (or if such positions no longer exist, by the holders of equivalent positions) to be effective. 
 (b) Section 409A . 
 (i) You understand and agree that all payments made pursuant to this Award Agreement are intended to be exempt and or comply with Section 409A, and shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company makes no representations that the payments provided under this Award Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event will the Company be liable for any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by you on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Award Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that MSCI determines it necessary to comply with Section 409A, if MSCI considers 
 
 A-6 

you to be one of its specified employees at the time of your separation from service (as such terms are defined in Section 409A) from the Company, and any amount hereunder constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, then any distribution of such amount (including the conversion of the Adjusted PSUs into Shares) that otherwise would be made to you as a result of such separation from service shall not be made until the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of your separation from service from the Company (such period, the Specified Employee Period ), except to the extent that earlier distribution would not result in you incurring interest or additional tax under Section 409A. Any conversion of such Adjusted PSUs into Shares that would have occurred during the Specified Employee Period but for the immediately preceding sentence shall be satisfied either by (A) conversion of such Adjusted PSUs into Shares on the first business day following the Specified Employee Period or (B) a cash payment on the first business day following the Specified Employee Period equal to the value of such Adjusted PSUs on the scheduled conversion date (based on the value of the Shares on such date) plus accrued interest as determined by MSCI provided, that to the extent this Section 17(b)(ii) is applicable, in the event of your death after the date of your separation from service from the Company, any conversion or payment delayed pursuant to this Section 17(b)(ii) shall occur or be made immediately. For the avoidance of doubt, any determination as to form of payment provided in this Section 17(b)(ii) will be in the sole discretion of MSCI. 
 (iii) For purposes of any provision of this Award Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts of nonqualified deferred compensation upon or following a termination of employment from the Company, references to your termination of employment (and corollary terms) shall be construed to refer to your separation from service from the Company. 
 (iv) MSCI reserves the right to modify the terms of this Award Agreement, including, without limitation, the payment provisions applicable to your PSUs, to the extent necessary or advisable to comply with Section 409A and reserves the right to make any changes to your PSU award so that it does not become subject to Section 409A or become subject to a Specified Employee Period. 
 Section 18. Severability . In the event MSCI determines that any provision of this Award Agreement would cause you to be in constructive receipt for United States federal or state income tax purposes of any portion of your award, then such provision will be considered null and void, and this Award Agreement will be construed and enforced as if the provision had not been included in this Award Agreement as of the date such provision was determined to cause you to be in constructive receipt of any portion of your award. 
 Section 19. Successors . This Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon your death, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Award Agreement or the Plan. 
 Section 20. Rule of Construction for Timing of Conversion . With respect to each provision of this Award Agreement that provides for your PSUs to convert into Shares, or your dividend equivalents to be paid, on a specified event or date, such conversion or payment will be considered to have been timely made, and neither you nor any of your beneficiaries or your estate shall have any claim against the Company for damages based on a delay in conversion or payment, and the Company shall have no liability to you (or to any of your beneficiaries or your estate) in respect of any such delay, as long as payment is made by December 31 of the year in which the applicable Vesting Date or such other specified event or date occurs, or if later, by March 15 th of the year following such specified event or date. 
 Section 21. Non-U.S. Participants . The following provisions will apply to you if you reside or work outside of the United States. For the avoidance of doubt, if you reside or work in the United States and subsequently relocate to another country after the Grant Date, or if you reside in another country and subsequently relocate to the United States after the Grant Date, the following provisions may apply to you to the extent MSCI determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for tax, legal or administrative reasons. 
 (a) Tax and Other Withholding Obligations. You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable or deemed applicable to you Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company. You further acknowledge that the Company 
 
 A-7 

(i) makes no representations or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PSUs or the underlying Shares, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the PSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the lapse of the Post-Vest Holding Period, and the receipt of any dividend equivalents and or dividends and (ii) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. 
 If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested PSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 In the event that withholding in and or tendering Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, by your acceptance of the PSUs, you authorize and direct MSCI and any brokerage firm determined acceptable to MSCI to sell on your behalf a whole number of Shares from those Shares issued to you as MSCI determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering minimum or maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the stock equivalent, or if not refunded, you may seek a refund from the local authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or your employer. 
 Finally, you agree to pay to the Company, including through withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by MSCI and or your employer, any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. MSCI may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 (b) Nature of Grant . In accepting the PSUs, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (i) the Plan is established voluntarily by MSCI, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by MSCI at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (ii) this PSU award is not an employment or service agreement, and nothing in this Award Agreement or your participation in the Plan shall create a right to continued employment or other service relationship with the Company or interfere with the ability of the Company to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 (iii) this award, and all other awards of PSUs and other equity-based awards, are exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional. This award does not confer on you any contractual or other right or entitlement to receive another award of PSUs, any other equity-based award or benefits in lieu of PSUs at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. You agree that any release required under Section 4 of this Award Agreement is in exchange for the grant of PSUs hereunder, for which you have no current entitlement 
 (iv) MSCI has made this award to you in its sole discretion. All decisions with respect to future PSU or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of MSCI 
 (v) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (vi) the grant of PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income and value of the same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (vii) this award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount. In addition, the PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income from and value of the same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, leave pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be 
 
 A-8 

considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the employer, or any Subsidiary 
 (viii) unless otherwise agreed with MSCI in writing, the PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income from and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of a Subsidiary 
 (ix) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (x) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the PSUs resulting from the termination of your employment relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) and 
 (xi) you acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. Dollar that may affect the value of the PSU or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the PSU or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 (c) Retirement Treatment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 21(c) of this Award Agreement, if the Company receives a legal opinion that there has been a legal judgment and or legal development in your jurisdiction that likely would result in the favorable treatment that applies to the PSUs in the event of your retirement being deemed unlawful and or discriminatory, the provisions of Section 4 of this Award Agreement regarding the treatment of the PSUs in the event of your retirement shall not be applicable to you. 
 (d) Data Privacy. 
 The Company is located at 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, 49th Floor, New York, New York 10007, United States of America, and grants employees of the Company, Subsidiaries and affiliates the opportunity to participate in the Plan, at the Company s sole discretion. If you would like to participate in the Plan, you understand and acknowledge that 
 (i) if you are a United Kingdom UK ), Switzerland, European Union EU or European Economic Area EEA employee, the Company will collect, process and transfer your personal data in accordance with the Employee Privacy Notice, a copy of which can be found on MSCI s intranet. 
 (ii) if you are not a UK Switzerland EU EEA employee, the Company will collect, process and transfer your personal data in accordance with the MSCI Personal Information and Data Protection Policy and Consent, a copy of which can be found on MSCI s intranet. 
 
 (e) Language . If you are a resident in a country where English is not an official language, you acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. You further acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that the Award Agreement, Exhibit C and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the PSUs be written in English. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 (f) Electronic Delivery and Participation . MSCI may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by MSCI or a third party designated by MSCI. 
 (g) Exhibit C . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the PSUs shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit C to this Award Agreement for your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in Exhibit C , the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent MSCI determines that the application of such 
 
 A-9 

terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Exhibit C constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 (h) Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . By accepting the PSUs, you acknowledge that you are bound by all the terms and conditions of any MSCI insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. You further acknowledge that, depending on your country of residence, you may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell, or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , PSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares e.g. , phantom awards, futures) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding MSCI (as determined under the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you place before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or otherwise causing them to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions, and you should consult your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
 (i) Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control Reporting. Your country may have certain exchange control and or foreign asset account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends or dividend equivalents received or sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside of your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate cash received from participating in the Plan to your country within a certain period of time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable regulations, and that you should consult your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Section 22. Governing Law and Venue . The PSU grant and provisions of this Award Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or the Award, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of New York, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New York County, New York, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of New York, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 Section 23. Defined Terms . For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 55 10 Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time on or prior to December 31, 2019, of age 55 and ten years of service with the Company (giving effect to credit for prior service with MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with entities which are MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction pursuant to which such entity became a Subsidiary or affiliate of MSCI and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 55 10 Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 4(b)) on or after the date that you attain 55 10 Retirement Eligibility. 
 62 10 Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time prior to the applicable Vesting Date, of age 62 and ten years of service with the Company (giving effect to credit for prior service with MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with entities which are MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction pursuant to which such entity became a Subsidiary or affiliate of MSCI and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 62 10 Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice 
 
 A-10 

periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 4(b)(ii)) on or after the date that you attain 62 10 Retirement Eligibility. 
 A Cancellation Event will be deemed to have occurred under any one of the following circumstances 
 (a) misuse of Confidential Information (as defined in Exhibit B to this Award Agreement) or the failure to comply with your obligations under MSCI s Code of Conduct or otherwise with respect to Confidential Information 
 (b) termination from the Company for Cause (or a later determination that you could have been terminated for Cause provided that such determination is made within six months of termination) 
 (c) your commission of a fraudulent act or participation in misconduct which leads to a material restatement of the Company s financial statements or 
 (d) failure to affirmatively accept the terms of this Award Agreement by . 
 
 Cause means 
 (a) any act or omission which constitutes a material willful breach of your obligations to the Company or your continued and willful refusal to substantially perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of you, which results in material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which breach, failure or refusal (if susceptible to cure) is not corrected (other than failure to correct by reason of your incapacity due to physical or mental illness) within 30 days after written notification thereof to you by the Company provided that no act or failure to act on your part shall be deemed willful unless done or omitted to be done by you not in good faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission was in the best interest of the Company 
 (b) your commission of any dishonest or fraudulent act, or any other act or omission with respect to the Company, which has caused or may reasonably be expected to cause a material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which act or omission is not successfully refuted by you within 30 days after written notification thereof to you by the Company 
 (c) your plea of guilty or nolo contendere to or conviction of a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any other plea or confession of a similar crime in a jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business or 
 (d) your commission of a fraudulent act or participation in misconduct which leads to a material restatement of the Company s financial statements. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Committee has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan provided , however , that, for purposes of administering this Award with respect to participants who are not officers or directors of the Company subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Committee may delegate its authority to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer or Head of Compensation and Benefits. 
 Disability means (a) you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (b) you, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, are receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. 
 Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without your prior written consent 
 (a) any material diminution in your title, status, position, the scope of your assigned duties, responsibilities or authority, including the assignment to you of any duties, responsibilities or authority inconsistent with the duties, responsibilities and authority assigned to you prior to a Change in Control 
 
 A-11 

(including any such diminution resulting from a transaction in which the Company is no longer a public company) 
 (b) any reduction in your total compensation that was in existence prior to a Change in Control (for purposes of this clause (b), total compensation is comprised of your (i) current annual base salary, (ii) your current target annual cash bonus and (iii) the grant date fair value of your most recent annual equity-based incentive compensation awards (on an annualized basis, if applicable) (the Equity Value ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of (iii), if any of your equity-based incentive compensation awards are front-loaded awards intended to cover multiple years of awards, the Committee may, in its reasonable discretion, adjust in connection with the grant of such award the Equity Value for purposes of this definition to take into account what the grant date fair value for an equity-based incentive compensation award would be if the award represented only a single-year award. Additionally, if in any year, no equity-based incentive compensation awards were granted to you or an equity-based incentive compensation award was granted to you, in each case, taking into account the front-loaded award in a prior year, the Committee shall allocate a portion of such front-loaded award to the Equity Value for the relevant year. Finally, the Committee shall have the authority, in its reasonable discretion, to exclude any extraordinary and nonrecurring equity-based incentive compensation awards or arrangements from the calculation of Equity Value for purposes hereunder 
 (c) a relocation of more than 25 miles from the location of your principal job or office location prior to a Change in Control or 
 (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of any agreement pursuant to which you provide services to the Company 
 provided , that Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist unless (x) you provide the Company with written notice of your intent to terminate your employment for Good Reason within 90 days of your becoming aware of any of the events or circumstances set forth above (with such notice indicating the specific termination provision above on which you are relying and describing in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the indicated provision), (y) the Company fails to remedy such events or circumstances set forth in such notice within 30 days following receipt of such notice and (z) you actually resign from employment with the Company within 60 days after the expiration of the cure period descried in clause (y). 
 HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. 
 Legacy Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time on or prior to February 7, 2019, of any of the following criteria 
 (a) age 55 and 12 years of service with the Company as a Managing Director or comparable officer or 
 (b) age 50 and 15 years as an officer of the Company or 
 (c) age 55 with five years of service with the Company and age plus years of service equals or exceeds 65 or 
 (d) 20 years of service with the Company 
 provided that, for purposes of this definition, service with the Company will include any period of service with the following entities and any of their predecessors 
 (i) Barra Inc. and its subsidiaries, prior to the acquisition by the Company 
 (ii) Capital International Perspectives S.A., prior to the acquisition by the Company 
 (iii) Morgan Stanley 
 (iv) Morgan Stanley Group Inc. and its subsidiaries MS Group prior to the merger with and into Dean Witter, Discover & Co. and 
 
 A-12 

(v) Dean Witter, Discover & Co. and its subsidiaries DWD prior to the merger of Morgan Stanley Group Inc. with and into Dean Witter, Discover & Co. provided that, in the case of an employee who has transferred employment from DWD to MS Group or vice versa, a former employee of DWD will receive credit for employment with DWD only if he or she transferred directly from DWD to Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated or its affiliates subsequent to February 5, 1997, and a former employee of MS Group will receive credit for employment with MS Group only if he or she transferred directly from MS Group to Morgan Stanley DW Inc. or its affiliates subsequent to February 5, 1997. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with the entities listed above to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction described above or, in the case of the MS Group, if you were an employee of the MS Group on the closing date of the spin-off of MSCI from the MS Group and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 Legacy Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 4(b)) on or after the date that you attain Legacy Retirement Eligibility. 
 Notice Requirements means prior written notice to MSCI of at least 
 (a) 180 days if you are a member of the MSCI Executive Committee (or a successor or equivalent committee) at the time of notice of resignation or 
 (b) 90 days if you are a Managing Director of the Company (or equivalent title) at the time of notice of resignation. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, employees working or residing outside of the United States may be subject to notice periods mandated under local labor or regulatory requirements which may differ from the Notice Requirements set forth above. 
 Retirement Eligible Participant means any Participant who, as of the applicable date of determination, satisfies the requirements for Legacy Retirement Eligibility, 55 10 Retirement Eligibility or 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, as the case may be. 
 Retirement Termination means a Legacy Retirement Termination, a 55 10 Retirement Termination or a 62 10 Retirement Termination, as applicable. 
 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code. 
 Transfer means to, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, alienate, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose. 
 
 A-13 

APPENDIX 1 

 PERFORMANCE METRICS 

APPENDIX 1-1 

EXHIBIT B 

 RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
 All Participants are subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B . Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Award Agreement. 
 
 Section 1. Confidential Information Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) During your employment or service with the Company and at all times thereafter, you agree to keep secret and retain in strictest confidence and trust for the sole benefit of the Company, and shall not disclose, directly or indirectly, or use for your benefit or the benefit of others, without the prior written consent of the Company, any Confidential Information. 
 (b) In the event of a termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason, you shall deliver to MSCI all documents and data containing or pertaining to the Confidential Information and shall not retain or take with you any documents or data of any kind or any reproductions (in whole or in part) or extracts of any items containing or relating to the Confidential Information. Nothing contained in this Section 1 of this Exhibit B shall prohibit you from disclosing Confidential Information if such disclosure is required by law, governmental process or valid legal process. 
 (c) Unless you are reporting a possible violation of law to a governmental entity or law enforcement, making a disclosure that is protected under the whistleblower protections of applicable law and or participating in a governmental investigation, in the event that you are legally compelled to disclose any of the Confidential Information, you shall provide MSCI with prompt written notice so that MSCI, at its sole cost and expense, may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 1 of this Exhibit B . If such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or if the Company waives compliance with the provisions of this Section 1, you shall furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information that you in good faith believe is legally required to be disclosed. In addition to the foregoing, and subject to the second preceding sentence, you hereby agree to comply with the requirements of any and all agreements that you have entered into, or may in the future enter into, with the Company with respect to the use or disclosure of any of the Confidential Information. 
 (d) All Inventions shall be the exclusive property of the Company, and you hereby irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to all Inventions to the Company. You shall promptly disclose all Inventions to the Company, shall execute at the request of the Company any assignments or other documents that the Company may deem necessary to protect or perfect the rights of the Company therein, and shall assist the Company, at the Company s expense, in obtaining, defending and enforcing the Company s rights therein. You hereby appoint the Company as your attorney-in-fact to execute on your behalf any assignments or other documents deemed necessary by the Company to protect or perfect its rights to any Inventions. 
 (d) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in this Award Agreement precludes or otherwise limits your ability to (i) communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any applicable law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agency or self-regulatory organization regarding possible legal violations, without disclosure to the Company, or (ii) disclose information which is required to be disclosed by applicable law, regulation, or order or requirement (including without limitation, by deposition, interrogatory, requests for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) of courts, administrative agencies, the SEC, any Government Agency or self-regulatory organizations, provided that you provide the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and cooperate with the Company in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information. The Company may not retaliate against you for any of these activities. 
 (f) Pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), you and the Company acknowledge and agree that you shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, if you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the trade secret to your attorney and may use 
 
 B-1 

the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if you (x) file any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Award Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. 
 Section 2. Non-Compete . During your employment or service with the Company and for a period of one year following the termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason (the Non-Compete Restricted Period ), you shall not, without the consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, provide services to, accept employment with, be a consultant or advisor to, form, lend financial support to, own any interest in (other than shares of a publicly traded company that represent less than 1 of the outstanding shares) or otherwise enter into any arrangement with, or engage in any activity for or on behalf of, any Competitor (as defined below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be in violation of this Section 2 following the termination of your employment or service with the Company to the extent that you provide Permitted Services to a Permitted Business (in each case, as defined below). 
 Section 3. Non-Solicit and No-Hire . During your employment or service with the Company and for a period of two years following the termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason (the Non-Solicit Restricted Period ), you shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the Company, (b) hire any employee of the Company prior to the date on which such person has not been employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for a period of at least one year or (c) induce or attempt to induce any customer, client, supplier, vendor, licensee or other business relationship of the Company to cease doing or reduce their business with the Company, or in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company and any customer, client, supplier, licensee or other business relationship of the Company. 
 Section 4. Non-Disparagement . At all times during your employment or service with the Company and after termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason, you will not knowingly make any statement, written or oral, that would disparage the business or reputation of the Company or its officers, managers, directors or employees. It will not be a violation of this Section 4 for you to make truthful statements, under oath, as required by law, to a governmental or regulatory entity or law enforcement agency or as part of a litigation or administrative agency proceeding. 
 
 Section 5. Certain Remedies . You acknowledge that the terms of this Exhibit B are reasonable and necessary in light of your unique position, responsibility and knowledge of the operations of the Company and the unfair advantage that your knowledge and expertise concerning the business of the Company would afford a competitor of the Company and are not more restrictive than necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or any final non-appealable decision of an arbitrator in connection with a mandatory arbitration, declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit B or the Award Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court or arbitrator making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit B and the Award Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. You acknowledge that the Company and its shareholders would be irreparably harmed by any breach of this Exhibit B and that there would be no adequate remedy at law or in damages to compensate the Company and its shareholders for any such breach. You agree that MSCI shall be entitled to injunctive relief, without having to post bond or other security, requiring specific performance by you of your obligations in this Exhibit B in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, and you consent to the entry thereof. You agree that the Non-Compete Restricted Period and the Non-Solicit Restricted Period, as applicable, shall be extended by any and all periods during which you are in breach of this Exhibit B . 
 
 Section 6. Definitions . For purposes of this Exhibit B and the Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 Competitor means any person, entity or business that is engaged in, or that owns a significant equity, voting, financial or other interest in an entity that is engaged in, one or more Competing Businesses. 
 Competing Business means any business or activity that competes with the MSCI Business or is reasonably anticipated to compete with the MSCI Business. 
 
 B-2 

Confidential Information means all proprietary or confidential matters or trade secrets of, and confidential and competitively valuable information concerning, the Company (whether or not such information is in written form and whether or not its marked confidential). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Confidential Information shall include information concerning organization and operations, business and affairs formulae, processes, technical data know-how flow charts computer programs and computer software access codes or other systems of information algorithms technology and business processes business, product or marketing plans or strategies sales and other forecasts financial information or financing financial projections lists of clients or customers or potential clients or customers details of client or consultant contracts supplier or vendor lists or arrangements business acquisition or disposition plans employee information, new personnel acquisition plans and information relating to compensation and benefits budget information and procedures research products research and development all data, concepts, ideas, findings, discoveries, developments, programs, designs, inventions, improvements, methods, practices and techniques, whether or not patentable, relating to present or planned future activities or products or services and public information that becomes proprietary as a result of the Company s compilation of that information for use in its business provided , however , that the Confidential Information shall in no event include (x) any Confidential Information which was generally available to the public at the time of disclosure by you or (y) any Confidential Information which becomes publicly available other than as a consequence of the breach by you of your confidentiality obligations hereunder or under any other confidentiality agreement you have entered into with the Company, including, but not limited, the MSCI Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. 
 Inventions means, collectively, all rights to discoveries, inventions, improvements and innovations, copyright and copyrightable materials (including all data and records pertaining thereto) related to the business of the Company, whether or not patentable, copyrightable, registrable as a trademark or reduced to writing, that you may discover, invent or originate during your employment or service with the Company or any predecessor entity, either alone or with others and whether or not during working hours or by the use of the facilities of the Company. 
 MSCI Business means any business, or part thereof, engaged in, contemplated or actively planned by the Company as of the date of your termination of employment that you were actively involved in, provided services to, or participated in the planning of, during your employment with the Company. 
 Permitted Business means (i) any Competing Business of the applicable Competitor that is (A) an immaterial part of the overall business of the applicable Competitor and (B) not a significant competitor of the MSCI Business or reasonably anticipated to become a significant competitor of the MSCI Business, as determined in good faith by the Committee or (ii) any other business or activity of the applicable Competitor that is not a Competing Business. 
 Permitted Services means employment, engagement or the provision of assistance or services that (i) are solely administrative in nature, (ii) do not include any aspect of the operation, strategy, supervision, compliance or regulation of any Competing Business (including, without limitation, assistance or services relating to information technology, data, operations, product management, research, client coverage and support, compensation, recruiting, and marketing assistance and management) and (iii) with respect to any assistance or services to, or in support of, a Competing Business, are an immaterial portion of your overall job responsibilities to the applicable Competitor. 
 
 B-3 

EXHIBIT C 

 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

C-1 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 6
 exhibit1024_2023omnibuspso.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 MSCI INC. 2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 2023 NON-QUALIFIED PERFORMANCE STOCK OPTION AWARD 
 GRANT NOTICE 
 MSCI Inc. MSCI , and together with its Subsidiaries, the Company hereby grants to you Performance Stock Options Options under the MSCI Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in (i) this grant notice (this Grant Notice ), (ii) each of Exhibit A , Exhibit B and Exhibit C (including all annexes thereto) attached to this Grant Notice (collectively, and together with this Grant Notice, this Award Agreement and (iii) the Plan. The Options are intended to be Non-Qualified Stock Options, and are not intended to be Incentive Stock Options. Unless defined in this Award Agreement, capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 Participant Name Target Number of Options # Options (the Target Options 
 Grant Date 
 Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Performance Period 
 Maximum Number of Options 

Your Options may be subject to forfeiture or recoupment if you terminate employment with the Company, fail to affirmatively accept the terms of this Award Agreement by , or do not comply with the Notice Requirements (as defined in Exhibit A attached hereto) , as set forth in the Plan and this Award Agreement. 
 
 You agree that this Award of Options is granted under the Plan and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. You also agree that, to the extent you are or become covered by such policies, the Options granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement and any Shares issued upon exercise thereof shall be subject to (i) the MSCI Inc. Clawback Policy and any other clawback policy adopted by the Company (including any such policy that is intended to comply with Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and applicable stock exchange listing requirements) and (ii) any stock ownership guidelines of MSCI (including applicable retention requirements thereunder), in each case, as may be in effect from time to time, the terms of which shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference and made part of this Award Agreement. 
 You will be able to access a prospectus and tax supplement that contains important information about this Award via the MSCI website or your brokerage account. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MSCI has duly executed and delivered this Award Agreement as of the Grant Date. 
 MSCI Inc. 
 Name Title 

EXHIBIT A 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
 2023 NON-QUALIFIED PERFORMANCE STOCK OPTION AWARD 
 Section 1. Grant of Options. 
 (a) General. Each Option gives you the right to purchase one share of MSCI common stock, par value 0.01 per share (each, a Share at the Exercise Price set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to the satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in this Award Agreement. The Options are intended to be Non-Qualified Stock Options, and are not intended to be Incentive Stock Options. 
 (b) No Rights as a Stockholder. You will not be a stockholder with respect to the Shares underlying your Options (and, accordingly, you will not have any voting rights, rights to dividends or any other rights as a stockholder with respect to such Shares) unless and until you exercise your Options as set forth herein and you become the record owner of such Shares. 
 (c) Maximum Option Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased under this Award of Options will in no event exceed the number of Maximum Option Shares set forth in the Grant Notice (which, for the avoidance of doubt, assumes achievement of the Performance Condition at the maximum performance level). 
 Section 2. Vesting. 
 (a) General. The Options will vest and become exercisable upon (and to the extent of) the satisfaction of both (i) the Service Condition and (ii) the Performance Condition , each as defined below. For purposes of this Award Agreement, as of any applicable date of determination, the Options (or any portion thereof) that (A) have satisfied both the Service Condition and the Performance Condition are referred to as Vested Options and (B) have not satisfied both of the Service Condition and the Performance Condition are referred to as Unvested Options . 
 (b) Service Condition . Except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement, the Service Condition will be satisfied in full on (the Service Vesting Date ), subject to your continuous employment with the Company through the Service Vesting Date. For purposes of this Award Agreement, the service vesting period between the Grant Date and the Service Vesting Date shall be referred to herein as the Service Vesting Period . 
 
 (c) Performance Condition . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement and in the Plan, the Performance Condition will be satisfied (if at all) on . 

Section 3. Option Term. The term of the Options shall expire at close of the principal stock market or exchange on which the Shares are quoted or traded on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the Expiration Date ), unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Award Agreement or the Plan. In no event may any Options (or any portion thereof) be exercised after the Expiration Date. 
 Section 4. Exercise of Options. 
 (a) General . Subject to the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, to the extent that any Options become Vested Options, you may thereafter exercise such Vested Options, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to the Expiration Date (or, if earlier, the applicable date determined in accordance with Section 5). You may exercise your Options only for whole Shares. 
 (b) Manner of Exercise . In order to exercise any Vested Options, you must (i) deliver to the Company a written notice specifying the number of Vested Options to be exercised, 
 
 1 

in such manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Company may determine from time to time (the Exercise Notice and (ii) remit to the Company in full (A) the aggregate Exercise Price applicable to such Vested Options being exercised and (B) an amount sufficient to satisfy all applicable income, payroll, employment and similar taxes the Company is required to withhold on your behalf in respect of such exercise (clauses (A) and (B), collectively, the Payment Amount ). The date on which you deliver the Exercise Notice pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be referred to herein as the Exercise Date . 
 (c) Method of Exercise . You may satisfy the Payment Amount in respect of the Vested Options being exercised in the manner determined by the Committee from time to time in its sole discretion, which may include (i) in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the order of the Company (ii) by a net exercise under which the Company shall reduce the number of Shares otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise by a whole number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the Exercise Date equal to the Payment Amount provided that (A) only whole Shares may be so used for payment of the Payment Amount and any portion of the Payment Amount which cannot be satisfied with whole Shares must be paid to the Company by you in cash and (B) in order to comply with applicable accounting standards or the Company s policies in effect from time to time, the Committee may limit the amount of Shares that you may be withheld pursuant to this net exercise feature) or (iii) any other method permitted by the Committee from time to time. 
 (d) Automatic Exercise . If, as of the last trading day immediately prior to the Expiration Date, the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying any outstanding and unexercised Vested Options exceeds the Exercise Price, then such outstanding and unexercised Vested Options shall be automatically exercised on a net exercise basis in the manner described in Section 4(c)(ii) above to satisfy the aggregate Payment Amount in respect of such Vested Options and pursuant to such other terms and procedures as determined by the Committee). For the avoidance of doubt, the automatic exercise of Vested Options pursuant to this Section 4(d) shall not apply at any time on or following your Termination of Service. 
 (e) Regulatory Filings HSR Act . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event shall any Vested Options be exercisable by you (including pursuant to Section 4(d) unless and until (i) any and all required regulatory filings, including, without limitation, any filings that may be required pursuant to the HSR Act in connection with the exercise of any Vested Options (or portion thereof) have been timely filed and any required waiting period under the HSR Act has expired or been terminated or (ii) the exercise of the Vested Option does not require any such regulatory filings (including any filings under the HSR Act). 
 (f) Stock Ownership Guidelines and Retention Requirements. To the extent that you are subject to MSCI s Stock Ownership Guidelines (the Ownership Guidelines as of the Grant Date, the Shares (or any applicable portion thereof) issuable to you upon the exercise of any Vested Options granted under this Award Agreement will be subject to the Covered Award Share Retention Requirement set forth in the Ownership Guidelines (as in effect on the Grant Date) and, accordingly, such Shares (or applicable portion thereof) shall not be Transferred by you while subject to such retention requirements. In addition to the foregoing, to the extent you are as of the Grant Date, or become following the Grant Date, subject to the Ownership Guidelines, you agree and acknowledge that the Shares issuable to you upon the exercise of the Vested Options granted to you under this Award Agreement shall be subject to the other terms and conditions (including other applicable retention requirements) under the Ownership Guidelines, as may be in effect from time to time. You agree and acknowledge that that a copy of the Ownership Guidelines has been previously made available to you and that you understand and acknowledge the terms of such Ownership Guidelines and the terms of this Section 4(f). 
 Section 5. Termination of Service. Subject to the terms of this Award Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 6, 7 and 8), upon your Termination of Service with the Company pursuant to this Section 5, the following special vesting and exercise terms will apply to your Options 
 (a) Termination of Service Due to Death or Disability . 
 (i) Vesting . In the event of your Termination of Service due to your death or Disability, (A) the Service Condition will be deemed fully satisfied on the date of your Termination of Service (such date, the Termination Date and (B) the number of such Options that become Vested Options (if any) will be determined based on actual 
 
 A-2 

achievement of the Performance Condition during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee on the Certification Date in accordance with Annex A . 
 (ii) Exercisability . Any Options that are Unvested Options on the Termination Date that become Vested Options in accordance with Section 5(a)(i) above will remain exercisable until the earlier of (A) one year following the Certification Date (or, if later, the Termination Date) and (B) the Expiration Date. Any Options that are Vested Options on the Termination Date will remain exercisable until the earlier of (x) one (1) year following the Termination Date and (y) the Expiration Date. 
 (b) Involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause . 
 (i) Vesting Involuntary Termination Prior to 62 10 Retirement Eligibility . In the event of your involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause prior to your 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, provided that you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain restrictive covenants substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B and that is executed by you and becomes irrevocable within 60 days of your Termination Date, a prorated portion of the Service Condition will be deemed satisfied, determined by dividing (A) the number of months you are employed by the Company during the Service Vesting Period (rounded up for partial months) by (B) (y) 36. The number of such prorated Options that become Vested Options (if any) will be determined based on actual achievement of the Performance Condition during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee on the Certification Date in accordance with Annex A . 
 (ii) Vesting Involuntary Termination Following 62 10 Retirement Eligibility . In the event of your involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause following your 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, provided that you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain restrictive covenants substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B and that is executed by you and becomes irrevocable within 60 days of your Termination Date, (A) the Service Condition will be deemed fully satisfied on your Termination Date and (B) the number of such Options that become Vested Options (if any) will be determined based on actual achievement of the Performance Condition during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee on the Certification Date in accordance with Annex A . 
 (iii) Exercisability Involuntary Termination Prior to 62 10 Retirement Eligibility . In the event of your involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause prior to your 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, (A) any Options that are Unvested Options on the Termination Date that become Vested Options in accordance with Section 5(b)(i) above will remain exercisable until the earlier of (x) 90 days following the Certification Date (or, if later, the Termination Date) and (y) the Expiration Date, and (B) any Options that are Vested Options on the Termination Date will remain exercisable until the earlier of (x) 90 days following the Termination Date and (y) the Expiration Date. 
 (iv) Exercisability Involuntary Termination Following to 62 10 Retirement Eligibility . In the event of your involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause following your 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, any Options that are (A) Unvested Options on the Termination Date that become Vested Options in accordance with Section 5(b)(ii) above or (B) are Vested Options on the Termination Date, in each case will remain exercisable until the Expiration Date. 
 (c) Retirement Terminations. In the event of your applicable Retirement Termination, your Options shall be eligible for the treatment specified below provided that (x) you are in compliance with the Notice Requirements and all of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B and (y) you execute and do not revoke an agreement and release of claims satisfactory to the Company, which will contain restrictive covenants substantially in the form as those set forth in Exhibit B , which is executed by you and becomes irrevocable within 60 days following your Termination Date 
 
 A-3 

(i) Vesting Legacy Retirement Termination and 55 10 Retirement Termination . In the event of your Legacy Retirement Termination or 55 10 Retirement Termination, a prorated portion of the Service Condition will be deemed satisfied, determined by dividing (A) the number of months you are employed by the Company during the Service Vesting Period (rounded up for partial months) by (B) (y) 36. The number of such prorated Options that become Vested Options (if any) will be determined based on actual achievement of the Performance Condition during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee on the Certification Date in accordance with Annex A . 
 (ii) Vesting 62 10 Retirement Termination . In the event of your 62 10 Retirement Termination, (A) the Service Condition will be deemed fully satisfied on your Termination Date and (B) the number of such Options that become Vested Options (if any) will be determined based on actual achievement of the Performance Condition during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee on the Certification Date in accordance with Annex A . 
 (iii) Exercisability . Any Options that are (A) Unvested Options on the Termination Date that become Vested Options in accordance with Sections 5(c)(i) and (ii) above or (B) are Vested Options on the Termination Date, in each case will remain exercisable until the Expiration Date. 
 (iv) The following chart provides a summary overview of the treatment of your awards upon a Retirement Termination, as set forth in Sections 5(c)(i) and (ii) . This summary chart is qualified in its entirety by the terms of Sections 5(c)(i) and (ii). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the below chart and Sections 5(c)(i) and (ii), the terms of Sections 5(c)(i) and (ii) shall prevail. 
 Age and Service Requirements Date on Which Age and Service Requirements Must be Satisfied Treatment Legacy Retirement Eligibility 
 
 (see definition of Legacy Retirement Eligibility 
 February 7, 2019 A prorated portion of the Service Condition will be deemed satisfied, determined by dividing (A) the number of months you are employed by the Company during the Service Vesting Period (rounded up for partial months) by (B) (y) 36. 
 
 The number of such prorated Options that become Vested Options (if any) will be determined based on actual achievement of the Performance Condition during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee on the Certification Date in accordance with Annex A. 
 Age 55 and 10 years of service 
 
 (see definition of 55 10 Retirement Eligibility 
 December 31, 2019 Age 62 and 10 years of service 
 
 (see definition of 62 10 Retirement Eligibility 
 Service Vesting Date (A) the Service Condition will be deemed fully satisfied on your Termination Date and (B) the number of such Options that become Vested Options (if any) will be determined based on actual achievement of the Performance Condition during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee on the Certification Date in accordance with Annex A. 
 
 (d) Termination of Service for Cause. In the event of your Termination of Service by the Company for Cause, all of your unexercised Options (whether Vested Options or Unvested Options) will be immediately forfeited and cancelled on the Termination Date without the payment of any consideration. 
 (e) All Other Terminations of Service (Including Voluntary Resignation) . In the event of your Termination of Service for any reason other than those described in Sections 5(a) through 5(d) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, your voluntary resignation), subject to your compliance with any applicable Notice Requirements, your Options will be treated as follows (i) 
 
 A-4 

any Options that are Unvested Options on your Termination Date will be immediately forfeited and cancelled in their entirety without the payment of any consideration and (ii) any Options that are Vested Options on the Termination Date will remain exercisable until the earlier of (A) 30 days following the Termination Date and (B) the Expiration Date. 
 (f) Termination of Service . Unless otherwise provided in this Section 5 or Section 6(b), your employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company, for any reason, regardless of whether your services were terminated by you or by the Company or your applicable employer and voluntarily or involuntarily (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period (i.e., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Plan, the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine whether and when you are no longer actively providing services for all purposes of your Options (including, without limitation, for purposes of this Section 5 and determining whether you are a Retirement Eligible Participant), including whether you may still be considered to be providing services (i) while on a leave of absence or (ii) while you are employed by, or you are providing services to, an entity of which the Company directly or indirectly holds at least 20 of the outstanding equity interests or voting power with respect to the voting securities thereof, or equity interests or options that if converted or exercised would constitute at least 20 of the outstanding equity interests or voting power with respect to the voting securities thereof (and, for the avoidance of doubt, whether a transfer of your employment to any such entity will constitute a termination of your employment for purposes of your Options) . 
 (g) Additional Provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, your revocation of a notice of intention to resign may, in the Company s sole discretion or if required to comply with Section 409A, be deemed to be noncompliant with the Notice Requirements and, in connection with such revocation, your Options may be forfeited. 
 Section 6. Change in Control. 
 (a) General . In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide for (i) the continuation or assumption of your outstanding Options under the Plan by the Company (if it is the surviving corporation) or by the surviving corporation or its parent, in which case your Options will continue to be subject to the terms of this Award Agreement, or (ii) the vesting and exercisability of outstanding Options immediately prior to such Change in Control in the event a buyer will not continue or assume the Options provided , however , in each case, to the extent the Performance Period has not been completed as of the date of such Change in Control, the Performance Condition will be deemed to have been achieved at the greater of (x) actual achievement of the Performance Condition for the period (A) commencing on the first date of the Performance Period and (B) ending on the date immediately prior to such Change in Control and (y) . 

(b) Qualifying Termination . In the event of a Qualifying Termination (as defined below), your Options will vest and become exercisable. A Qualifying Termination means your Termination of Service by the Company (or by the surviving corporation or its parent, as applicable) without Cause or by you for Good Reason (which shall be deemed an involuntary Termination of Service without Cause), in each case within 24 months following the effective date of the Change in Control in which the Options are continued or assumed. 
 Section 7. Restrictive Covenants. In consideration of the grant of Options under this Award Agreement, as well as all other awards granted by the Company to you under the Plan, and in consideration of the economic benefits derivable by you therefrom, you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B to this Award Agreement. In the event you violate any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B , (a) you will immediately forfeit any unexercised Options that are outstanding as of the date of such violation (regardless of whether Vested Options or Unvested Options) and (b) you will promptly deliver to the Company all Shares previously acquired upon the exercise of the Options (or, to the extent you no longer hold such Shares, you will pay to the Company an amount in cash 
 
 A-5 

on a gross basis equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date you exercised such Options over (ii) the aggregate amount of any Exercise Price you paid upon the exercise of such Options). You may be required to provide MSCI with a written certification or other evidence that it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to confirm that you have not violated any of the restrictive covenants set forth in Exhibit B . 
 Section 8. Cancellation of Awards. Notwithstanding any other terms of this Award Agreement, your unexercised Options (whether Vested Options or Unvested Options) will be forfeited and cancelled in their entirety in the event of any Cancellation Event without the payment of any consideration to you. You may be required to provide MSCI with a written certification or other evidence that it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, to confirm that no Cancellation Event has occurred. If you fail to submit a timely certification or evidence, MSCI will cancel your Options. Except as explicitly provided in Section 5, upon a your Termination of Service for any reason, any of your Options that have not vested pursuant to Section 2 as of your Termination Date will be canceled and forfeited in full as of your Termination Date. 
 Section 9. Tax Liability Withholding Obligations. You hereby agree and acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, the ultimate liability for any and all applicable federal, state, local or foreign income tax, employment tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, excise tax payment on account or other tax-related items (including any penalties or interest on any of the foregoing) legally applicable to you and related to your participation in the Plan or the grant, vesting or exercise of the Options Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility (or that of your beneficiary). You further acknowledge that (a) the Company makes no representations or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Options, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Options and the subsequent sale of Options acquired pursuant to such exercise, (b) the Company does not commit to, and is under no obligation to, structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Options to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result and (c) if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Company (including any former employer) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. You hereby agree to pay to the Company, including through withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company, any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan and the grant, vesting or exercise of the Options granted to you hereunder. You may not exercise any Options (or any portion thereof) unless and until the Tax-Related Items are satisfied. 
 Section 10. Nontransferability. Except as provided in Section 11 or by will or the laws of descent and distribution or otherwise as provided for by the Committee, (a) you may not Transfer your Options (or any portion thereof) and (b) during your lifetime, you Options may be exercised only by you. 
 Section 11. Designation of a Beneficiary . Any designation of a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive all or part of the Options under this Award Agreement in the event of your death will be governed by local law. To make a beneficiary designation, you must coordinate with your personal tax or estate planning representative. Any Options that become vested upon your death will be distributed to your estate in accordance with local law rules. You may replace or revoke your beneficiary designation at any time. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary(ies) to receive Options under this Award, MSCI may determine in its sole discretion to deliver the Options in question to your estate. MSCI s determination shall be binding and conclusive on all persons, and it will have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Options. 
 Section 12. Securities Law Compliance Matters. MSCI may, if it determines it is appropriate, affix any legend to the stock certificates representing Shares issued upon exercise of your Options and any stock certificates that may subsequently be issued in substitution for the original certificates. MSCI may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against such Shares if it determines that such an order is necessary or advisable. 
 Section 13. Compliance with Laws and Regulations. Any sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, mortgage, encumbrance or other disposition of Shares issued upon exercise of your Options (whether directly or indirectly, whether or not for value, and whether or not voluntary) must be made in compliance with any applicable constitution, rule, regulation, or policy of any of the exchanges, associations or other institutions with which MSCI has membership or other privileges, and any applicable law, or applicable rule or regulation of any governmental agency, self-regulatory organization or state or federal regulatory body. 
 
 A-6 

Section 14. No Entitlements. 
 (a) No Right to Continued Employment . This Option award is not an employment agreement, and nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan shall alter your status as an at-will employee of the Company. 
 (b) No Right to Future Awards . This Award, and all other awards of stock options and other equity-based awards, are discretionary. This Award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive another award of stock options or any other equity-based award at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. You agree that any release required under Section 5 of this Award Agreement is in exchange for the grant of options hereunder, for which you have no current entitlement. 
 (c) No Effect on Future Employment Compensation . MSCI has made this Award to you in its sole discretion. This Award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount. In addition, this Award is not part of your base salary or wages and will not be taken into account in determining any other employment-related rights you may have, such as rights to pension or severance pay. 
 Section 15. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, your exercise of the Options or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 Section 16. Consents under Local Law. Your Award is conditioned upon the making of all filings and the receipt of all consents or authorizations required to comply with, or to be obtained under, applicable local law. 
 Section 17. Award Modification. 
 (a) Modification. MSCI reserves the right to modify or amend unilaterally the terms and conditions of your Options (including as set forth in this Award Agreement), without first asking your consent, or to waive any terms and conditions that operate in favor of MSCI. MSCI may not modify your Options in a manner that would materially impair your rights in your Options without your consent provided, however, that MSCI may, without your consent, amend or modify your Options in any manner that MSCI considers necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations or to ensure that your Options are not subject to tax prior to exercise. MSCI will notify you of any amendment of your Options that affects your rights. Any amendment or waiver of a provision of this Award Agreement (other than any amendment or waiver applicable to all recipients generally), which amendment or waiver operates in your favor or confers a benefit on you, must be in writing and signed by the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the General Counsel (or if such positions no longer exist, by the holders of equivalent positions) to be effective. 
 (b) Section 409A . You understand and agree that this Award Agreement is intended to be exempt and or comply with Section 409A, and shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company makes no representations that the payments provided under this Award Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event will the Company be liable for any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by you on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. MSCI reserves the right to modify the terms of this Award Agreement to the extent necessary or advisable to comply with Section 409A and reserves the right to make any changes to your Option award so that it does not become subject to Section 409A. 
 Section 18. Severability. In the event MSCI determines that any provision of this Award Agreement would cause you to be in constructive receipt for United States federal or state income tax purposes of any portion of your award, then such provision will be considered null and void, and this Award Agreement will be construed and enforced as if the provision had not been included in this Award Agreement as of the date such provision was determined to cause you to be in constructive receipt of any portion of your Award. 
 
 A-7 

Section 19. Successors. This Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company and your heirs, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 
 Section 20. Governing Law Venue. This Award Agreement and the related legal relations between you and the Company will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflicts or choice of law, rule or principle that might otherwise refer the interpretation of the award to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or the Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of New York, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New York County, New York, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of New York, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 Section 21. Non-U.S. Participants. The following provisions will apply to you if you reside or work outside of the United States. For the avoidance of doubt, if you reside or work in the United States and subsequently relocate to another country after the Grant Date, or if you reside in another country and subsequently relocate to the United States after the Grant Date, the following provisions may apply to you to the extent MSCI determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for tax, legal or administrative reasons. 
 (a) Tax and Other Withholding Obligations. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Options on exercise, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. In the event that withholding in and or tendering Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, by your acceptance of the Options, you authorize and direct MSCI and any brokerage firm determined acceptable to MSCI to sell on your behalf a whole number of Shares from those Shares issued to you as MSCI determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the stock equivalent. 
 (b) Nature of Grant . In accepting the Options, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (i) the Plan is established voluntarily by MSCI, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by MSCI at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (ii) this Option Award is not an employment or service agreement, and nothing in this Award Agreement or your participation in the Plan shall create a right to continued employment with the Company or interfere with the ability of the Company to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 (iii) this Award, and all other awards of stock options and other equity-based awards, are discretionary, voluntary and occasional. This Award does not confer on you any contractual or other right or entitlement to receive another award of stock options, any other equity-based award or benefits in lieu of stock options at any time in the future or in respect of any future period. You agree that any release required under Section 5 of this Award Agreement is in exchange for the grant of Options hereunder, for which you have no current entitlement. 
 (iv) MSCI has made this award to you in its sole discretion. All decisions with respect to future stock options or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of MSCI 
 (v) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (vi) the grant of Options and the Shares subject to the Options are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 A-8 

(vii) this Award does not confer on you any right or entitlement to receive compensation in any specific amount. In addition, the Options and the Shares subject to the Options, and the income from and value of the same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments , and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the employer, or any Subsidiary 
 (viii) unless otherwise agreed with MSCI, the Options and the Shares subject to the Options, and the income from and value of the same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of a Subsidiary 
 (ix) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (x) if you exercise the Option and obtain Shares, the value of those Shares acquired upon exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price 
 (xi) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Options resulting from the termination of your employment relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) and 
 (xii) you acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. Dollar that may affect the value of the Options or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the exercise of the Options or the subsequent sale of any Shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise. 
 (c) Retirement Treatment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 21(c) of this Award Agreement, if the Company receives a legal opinion that there has been a legal judgment and or legal development in your jurisdiction that likely would result in the favorable treatment that applies to the Options in the event of your retirement being deemed unlawful and or discriminatory, the provisions of Section 5 of this Award Agreement regarding the treatment of the Options in the event of your Retirement Termination shall not be applicable to you. 
 (d) Data Privacy. 
 The Company is located at 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, 49th Floor, New York, New York 10007, United States of America, and grants employees of the Company, Subsidiaries and affiliates the opportunity to participate in the Plan, at the Company s sole discretion. If you would like to participate in the Plan, you understand and acknowledge that 
 (i) if you are a United Kingdom UK ), Switzerland, European Union EU or European Economic Area EEA employee, the Company will collect, process and transfer your personal data in accordance with the Employee Privacy Notice, a copy of which can be found on MSCI s intranet. 
 (ii) if you are not a UK Switzerland EU EEA employee, the Company will collect, process and transfer your personal data in accordance with the MSCI Personal Information and Data Protection Policy and Consent, a copy of which can be found on MSCI s intranet. 
 (e) Language . If you are a resident in a country where English is not an official language, you acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. You further acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that the Award Agreement, Exhibit C and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Options be written in 
 
 A-9 

English. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 (f) Electronic Delivery and Participation . MSCI may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by MSCI or a third party designated by MSCI. 
 (g) Exhibit C . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the Options shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit C to this Award Agreement for your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in Exhibit C , the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent MSCI determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Exhibit C constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
 (h) Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . By accepting the Options, you acknowledge that you are bound by all the terms and conditions of any MSCI insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. You further acknowledge that, depending on your country of residence, you may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell, or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares or rights linked to the value of Shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding MSCI (as determined under the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you place before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or otherwise causing them to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions, and you should consult your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
 (i) Foreign Asset Account, Exchange Control Reporting . Your country may have certain exchange control and or foreign asset account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends or dividend equivalents received or sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside of your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate cash received from participating in the Plan to your country within a certain period of time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable regulations, and that you should consult your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Section 22. Defined Terms. For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 55 10 Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time on or prior to December 31, 2019, of age 55 and ten years of service with the Company (giving effect to credit for prior service with MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with entities which are MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction pursuant to which such entity became a Subsidiary or affiliate of MSCI and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 55 10 Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 5(b)) on or after the date that you attain 55 10 Retirement Eligibility. 
 62 10 Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time prior to the applicable Vesting Date, of age 62 and ten years of service with the Company (giving effect to credit for prior service with 
 
 A-10 

MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with entities which are MSCI s Subsidiaries and affiliates to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction pursuant to which such entity became a Subsidiary or affiliate of MSCI and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 62 10 Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 5(b)(ii)) on or after the date that you attain 62 10 Retirement Eligibility. 
 A Cancellation Event will be deemed to have occurred under any one of the following circumstances 
 (a) misuse of Confidential Information (as defined in Exhibit B to this Award Agreement) or the failure to comply with your obligations under MSCI s Code of Conduct or otherwise with respect to Confidential Information 
 (b) termination from the Company for Cause (or a later determination that you could have been terminated for Cause provided that such determination is made within six months of termination) 
 (c) your commission of a fraudulent act or participation in misconduct which leads to a material restatement of the Company s financial statements or 
 (d) failure to affirmatively accept the terms of this Award Agreement by . 
 
 Cause means 
 (a) any act or omission which constitutes a material willful breach of your obligations to the Company or your continued and willful refusal to substantially perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of you, which results in material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which breach, failure or refusal (if susceptible to cure) is not corrected (other than failure to correct by reason of your incapacity due to physical or mental illness) within 30 days after written notification thereof to you by the Company provided that no act or failure to act on your part shall be deemed willful unless done or omitted to be done by you not in good faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission was in the best interest of the Company 
 (b) your commission of any dishonest or fraudulent act, or any other act or omission with respect to the Company, which has caused or may reasonably be expected to cause a material injury to the interest or business reputation of the Company and which act or omission is not successfully refuted by you within 30 days after written notification thereof to you by the Company 
 (c) your plea of guilty or nolo contendere to or conviction of a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any other plea or confession of a similar crime in a jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business or 
 (d) your commission of a fraudulent act or participation in misconduct which leads to a material restatement of the Company s financial statements. 
 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Committee has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan provided , however , that, for purposes of administering this Award with respect to participants who are not officers or directors of the Company subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Committee may delegate its authority to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer or Head of Compensation and Benefits. 
 
 A-11 

Disability means (a) you are unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (b) you, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, are receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. 
 Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without your prior written consent 
 (a) any material diminution in your title, status, position, the scope of your assigned duties, responsibilities or authority, including the assignment to you of any duties, responsibilities or authority inconsistent with the duties, responsibilities and authority assigned to you prior to a Change in Control (including any such diminution resulting from a transaction in which the Company is no longer a public company) 
 (b) any reduction in your total compensation that was in existence prior to a Change in Control (for purposes of this clause (b), total compensation is comprised of your (i) current annual base salary, (ii) your current target annual cash bonus and (iii) the grant date fair value of your most recent annual equity-based incentive compensation awards (on an annualized basis, if applicable) (the Equity Value ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of (iii), if any of your equity-based incentive compensation awards are front-loaded awards intended to cover multiple years of awards, the Committee may, in its reasonable discretion, adjust in connection with the grant of such award the Equity Value for purposes of this definition to take into account what the grant date fair value for an equity-based incentive compensation award would be if the award represented only a single-year award. Additionally, if in any year, no equity-based incentive compensation awards were granted to you or an equity-based incentive compensation award was granted to you, in each case, taking into account the front-loaded award in a prior year, the Committee shall allocate a portion of such front-loaded award to the Equity Value for the relevant year. Finally, the Committee shall have the authority, in its reasonable discretion, to exclude any extraordinary and nonrecurring equity-based incentive compensation awards or arrangements from the calculation of Equity Value for purposes hereunder 
 (c) a relocation of more than 25 miles from the location of your principal job or office location prior to a Change in Control or 
 (d) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of any agreement pursuant to which you provide services to the Company 
 provided , that Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist unless (x) you provide the Company with written notice of your intent to terminate your employment for Good Reason within 90 days of your becoming aware of any of the events or circumstances set forth above (with such notice indicating the specific termination provision above on which you are relying and describing in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the indicated provision), (y) the Company fails to remedy such events or circumstances set forth in such notice within 30 days following receipt of such notice and (z) you actually resign from employment with the Company within 60 days after the expiration of the cure period descried in clause (y). 
 HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. 
 Legacy Retirement Eligibility means your attainment, at any time on or prior to February 7, 2019, of any of the following criteria 
 (a) age 55 and 12 years of service with the Company as a Managing Director or comparable officer or 
 (b) age 50 and 15 years as an officer of the Company or 
 (c) age 55 with five years of service with the Company and age plus years of service equals or exceeds 65 or 
 (d) 20 years of service with the Company 
 
 A-12 

provided that, for purposes of this definition, service with the Company will include any period of service with the following entities and any of their predecessors 
 (i) Barra Inc. and its subsidiaries, prior to the acquisition by the Company 
 (ii) Capital International Perspectives S.A., prior to the acquisition by the Company 
 (iii) Morgan Stanley 
 (iv) Morgan Stanley Group Inc. and its subsidiaries MS Group prior to the merger with and into Dean Witter, Discover & Co. and 
 (v) Dean Witter, Discover & Co. and its subsidiaries DWD prior to the merger of Morgan Stanley Group Inc. with and into Dean Witter, Discover & Co. provided that, in the case of an employee who has transferred employment from DWD to MS Group or vice versa, a former employee of DWD will receive credit for employment with DWD only if he or she transferred directly from DWD to Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated or its affiliates subsequent to February 5, 1997, and a former employee of MS Group will receive credit for employment with MS Group only if he or she transferred directly from MS Group to Morgan Stanley DW Inc. or its affiliates subsequent to February 5, 1997. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, you will only receive credit for employment with the entities listed above to the extent that you were an employee of such entity on the closing date of the applicable corporate transaction described above or, in the case of the MS Group, if you were an employee of the MS Group on the closing date of the spin-off of MSCI from the MS Group and, in each case, you became an employee of MSCI (or one of its Subsidiaries) as of the closing date of such transaction. 
 Legacy Retirement Termination means any termination of your employment with the Company (other than (x) under circumstances involving any Cancellation Event (other than the required notice periods), (y) due to your death or Disability or (z) under the circumstances set forth in Section 5(b)) on or after the date that you attain Legacy Retirement Eligibility. 
 Notice Requirements means prior written notice to MSCI of at least 
 (a) 180 days if you are a member of the MSCI Executive Committee (or a successor or equivalent committee) at the time of notice of resignation or 
 (b) 90 days if you are a Managing Director of the Company (or equivalent title) at the time of notice of resignation. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, employees working or residing outside of the United States may be subject to notice periods mandated under local labor or regulatory requirements which may differ from the Notice Requirements set forth above. 
 Retirement Eligible Participant means any Participant who, as of the applicable date of determination, satisfies the requirements for Legacy Retirement Eligibility, 55 10 Retirement Eligibility or 62 10 Retirement Eligibility, as the case may be. 
 Retirement Termination means a Legacy Retirement Termination, a 55 10 Retirement Termination or a 62 10 Retirement Termination, as applicable. 
 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code. 
 Transfer means to, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, alienate, hypothecate, assign or otherwise dispose. 
 
 A-13 

ANNEX A 
 PERFORMANCE CONDITION 

A-1 

EXHIBIT B 

 RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
 All Participants are subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B . Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Award Agreement. 
 Section 1. Confidential Information Assignment of Inventions. 
 (a) During your employment or service with the Company and at all times thereafter, you agree to keep secret and retain in strictest confidence and trust for the sole benefit of the Company, and shall not disclose, directly or indirectly, or use for your benefit or the benefit of others, without the prior written consent of the Company, any Confidential Information. 
 (b) In the event of a termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason, you shall deliver to MSCI all documents and data containing or pertaining to the Confidential Information and shall not retain or take with you any documents or data of any kind or any reproductions (in whole or in part) or extracts of any items containing or relating to the Confidential Information. Nothing contained in this Section 1 of this Exhibit B shall prohibit you from disclosing Confidential Information if such disclosure is required by law, governmental process or valid legal process. 
 (c) Unless you are reporting a possible violation of law to a governmental entity or law enforcement, making a disclosure that is protected under the whistleblower protections of applicable law and or participating in a governmental investigation, in the event that you are legally compelled to disclose any of the Confidential Information, you shall provide MSCI with prompt written notice so that MSCI, at its sole cost and expense, may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 1 of this Exhibit B . If such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or if the Company waives compliance with the provisions of this Section 1, you shall furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information that you in good faith believe is legally required to be disclosed. In addition to the foregoing, and subject to the second preceding sentence, you hereby agree to comply with the requirements of any and all agreements that you have entered into, or may in the future enter into, with the Company with respect to the use or disclosure of any of the Confidential Information. 
 (d) All Inventions shall be the exclusive property of the Company, and you hereby irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to all Inventions to the Company. You shall promptly disclose all Inventions to the Company, shall execute at the request of the Company any assignments or other documents that the Company may deem necessary to protect or perfect the rights of the Company therein, and shall assist the Company, at the Company s expense, in obtaining, defending and enforcing the Company s rights therein. You hereby appoint the Company as your attorney-in-fact to execute on your behalf any assignments or other documents deemed necessary by the Company to protect or perfect its rights to any Inventions. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in this Award Agreement precludes or otherwise limits your ability to (i) communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any applicable law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agency or self-regulatory organization regarding possible legal violations, without disclosure to the Company, or (ii) disclose information which is required to be disclosed by applicable law, regulation, or order or requirement (including without limitation, by deposition, interrogatory, requests for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) of courts, administrative agencies, the SEC, any Government Agency or self-regulatory organizations, provided that you provide the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and cooperates with the Company in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information. The Company may not retaliate against you for any of these activities. 
 (f) Pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), you and the Company acknowledge and agree that you shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding 
 
 B-1 

sentence, if you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the trade secret to your attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if you (x) file any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Award Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. 
 Section 2. Non-Compete. During your employment or service with the Company and for a period of one year following the termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason (the Non-Compete Restricted Period ), you shall not, without the consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, provide services to, accept employment with, be a consultant or advisor to, form, lend financial support to, own any interest in (other than shares of a publicly traded company that represent less than 1 of the outstanding shares) or otherwise enter into any arrangement with, or engage in any activity for or on behalf of, any Competitor (as defined below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be in violation of this Section 2 following the termination of your employment or service with the Company to the extent that you provide Permitted Services to a Permitted Business (in each case, as defined below). 
 Section 3. Non-Solicit and No-Hire. During your employment or service with the Company and for a period of two years following the termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason (the Non-Solicit Restricted Period ), you shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit or encourage any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the Company, (b) hire any employee of the Company prior to the date on which such person has not been employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for a period of at least one year or (c) induce or attempt to induce any customer, client, supplier, vendor, licensee or other business relationship of the Company to cease doing or reduce their business with the Company, or in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company and any customer, client, supplier, licensee or other business relationship of the Company. 
 Section 4. Non-Disparagement. At all times during your employment or service with the Company and after termination of your employment or service with the Company for any reason, you will not knowingly make any statement, written or oral, that would disparage the business or reputation of the Company or its officers, managers, directors or employees. It will not be a violation of this Section 4 for you to make truthful statements, under oath, as required by law, to a governmental or regulatory entity or law enforcement agency or as part of a litigation or administrative agency proceeding. 
 Section 5. Certain Remedies. You acknowledge that the terms of this Exhibit B are reasonable and necessary in light of your unique position, responsibility and knowledge of the operations of the Company and the unfair advantage that your knowledge and expertise concerning the business of the Company would afford a competitor of the Company and are not more restrictive than necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or any final non-appealable decision of an arbitrator in connection with a mandatory arbitration, declares that any term or provision of this Exhibit B or the Award Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court or arbitrator making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Exhibit B and the Award Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. You acknowledge that the Company and its shareholders would be irreparably harmed by any breach of this Exhibit B and that there would be no adequate remedy at law or in damages to compensate the Company and its shareholders for any such breach. You agree that MSCI shall be entitled to injunctive relief, without having to post bond or other security, requiring specific performance by you of your obligations in this Exhibit B in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, and you consent to the entry thereof. You agree that the Non-Compete Restricted Period and the Non-Solicit Restricted Period, as applicable, shall be extended by any and all periods during which you are in breach of this Exhibit B . 
 Section 6. Definitions. For purposes of this Exhibit B and the Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Competitor means any person, entity or business that is engaged in, or that owns a significant equity, voting, financial or other interest in an entity that is engaged in, one or more Competing Businesses. 
 
 B-2 

Competing Business means any business or activity that competes with the MSCI Business or is reasonably anticipated to compete with the MSCI Business. 
 Confidential Information means all proprietary or confidential matters or trade secrets of, and confidential and competitively valuable information concerning, the Company (whether or not such information is in written form and whether or not its marked confidential). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Confidential Information shall include information concerning organization and operations, business and affairs formulae, processes, technical data know-how flow charts computer programs and computer software access codes or other systems of information algorithms technology and business processes business, product or marketing plans or strategies sales and other forecasts financial information or financing financial projections lists of clients or customers or potential clients or customers details of client or consultant contracts supplier or vendor lists or arrangements business acquisition or disposition plans employee information, new personnel acquisition plans and information relating to compensation and benefits budget information and procedures research products research and development all data, concepts, ideas, findings, discoveries, developments, programs, designs, inventions, improvements, methods, practices and techniques, whether or not patentable, relating to present or planned future activities or products or services and public information that becomes proprietary as a result of the Company s compilation of that information for use in its business provided , however , that the Confidential Information shall in no event include (x) any Confidential Information which was generally available to the public at the time of disclosure by you or (y) any Confidential Information which becomes publicly available other than as a consequence of the breach by you of your confidentiality obligations hereunder or under any other confidentiality agreement you have entered into with the Company, including, but not limited, the MSCI Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. 
 Inventions means, collectively, all rights to discoveries, inventions, improvements and innovations, copyright and copyrightable materials (including all data and records pertaining thereto) related to the business of the Company, whether or not patentable, copyrightable, registrable as a trademark or reduced to writing, that you may discover, invent or originate during your employment or service with the Company or any predecessor entity, either alone or with others and whether or not during working hours or by the use of the facilities of the Company. 
 MSCI Business means any business, or part thereof, engaged in, contemplated or actively planned by the Company as of your Termination Date that you were actively involved in, provided services to, or participated in the planning of, during your employment or service with the Company. 
 Permitted Business means (i) any Competing Business of the applicable Competitor that is (A) an immaterial part of the overall business of the applicable Competitor and (B) not a significant competitor of the MSCI Business or reasonably anticipated to become a significant competitor of the MSCI Business, as determined in good faith by the Committee or (ii) any other business or activity of the applicable Competitor that is not a Competing Business. 
 Permitted Services means employment, engagement or the provision of assistance or services that (i) are solely administrative in nature, (ii) do not include any aspect of the operation, strategy, supervision, compliance or regulation of any Competing Business (including, without limitation, assistance or services relating to information technology, data, operations, product management, research, client coverage and support, compensation, recruiting, and marketing assistance and management) and (iii) with respect to any assistance or services to, or in support of, a Competing Business, are an immaterial portion of your overall job responsibilities to the applicable Competitor. 

B-3 

EXHIBIT C 

 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

C-1 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 msci-20221231x10kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of MSCI Inc. 
 
 The following is a list of the subsidiaries of MSCI Inc., excluding those subsidiaries that, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, do not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 . 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization Barra, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Investment Property Databank Limited United Kingdom MSCI Barra (Suisse) S rl Switzerland MSCI ESG Research (UK) Limited United Kingdom MSCI ESG Research LLC Delaware, U.S.A. MSCI G.K. Japan MSCI Limited United Kingdom Real Capital Analytics, Inc. New York, U.S.A. RiskMetrics Solutions, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 msci-20221231x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-210987) and Form S-3 (No. 333-254491) of MSCI Inc. of our report dated February 10, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 msci-20221231x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Henry A. Fernandez, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MSCI Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 10, 2023 
 s Henry A. Fernandez 
 Henry A. Fernandez 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 msci-20221231x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrew C. Wiechmann, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MSCI Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 10, 2023 
 s Andrew C. Wiechmann 
 Andrew C. Wiechmann 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 msci-20221231x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Henry A. Fernandez, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MSCI Inc. (the Registrant and Andrew C. Wiechmann, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his her knowledge 
 1. The Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Periodic Report ), to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Registrant at the end of the period covered by the Periodic Report and results of operations of the Registrant for the periods covered by the Periodic Report. 
 Date February 10, 2023 
 s Henry A. Fernandez 
 s Andrew C. Wiechmann 
 Henry A. Fernandez 
 Andrew C. Wiechmann 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 msci-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 msci-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 msci-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 msci-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 msci-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

