<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1805387_0000950170-23-003777.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25921518</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>854864</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7480334</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10238205</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2619205</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4259232</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003777.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222162417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003777
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805387
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39311
		FILM NUMBER:		23653490

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 JACOBS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-304-2048

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 JACOBS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003777.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 cere-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 
 e 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of shares of the Registrant s common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC on June 30, 2022, was million. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 10, 2023 was . 

The Registrant intends to file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days of the end of the Registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Portions of such definitive proxy statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FO RWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report, may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, would, can, target, future, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 
 the format, objectives, likelihood of success, cost and timing of our clinical trials and other product development activities, including the design of clinical trials and preclinical studies, the timing of initiation and completion of clinical trials and related preparatory work, our ability to collect and interpret clinical trial data and the timing and outcome of regulatory interactions, including whether trials meet the criteria to serve as registrational; 

our ability to recruit and enroll suitable patients in our clinical trials; 

the potential attributes and benefits of our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations or warnings on the label of an approved product candidate; 

our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to complete further development, approval and, if approved, commercialization of our product candidates; 

the period over which we anticipate our available financial resources will enable us to fund our operating expense and capital expenditure requirements; 

the potential for our business development efforts to maximize the potential value of our portfolio; 

our ability to identify, in-license or acquire additional product candidates; 

our ability to maintain our license agreement with Pfizer; 

our ability to compete with other companies currently marketing or engaged in the development of treatments for the indications that we are pursuing for our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates and the duration of such protection; 

our ability to contract with and rely on third parties to assist in conducting our clinical trials and manufacturing our product candidates; 

the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets, either alone or in partnership with others; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved; 

the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; 

regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 

the impact of laws, regulations, accounting standards, regulatory requirements, judicial decisions and guidance issued by authoritative bodies; 

our ability to attract and retain key scientific, medical, commercial or management personnel; 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our future financial performance; 

our ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the tavapadon financing transaction (including our ability to receive future payments thereunder) and other financing and business development transactions; 

our ability to satisfy our payment obligations, remain in compliance with covenants under the 2027 Notes (as defined below), to service the interest on or to refinance the 2027 Notes or to make cash payments in connection with any conversion of the 2027 Notes, to the extent required; and 

the effect of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or any other health epidemic, including as a result of the emergence of new variants, or subvariants, mitigation efforts and economic effects, on any of the foregoing or other aspects of our business operations, including but not limited to our clinical trials and other product development activities, healthcare systems and the global economy as a whole. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section titled Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some of these risks and uncertainties may in the future be amplified by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including as a result of the emergence of new variants or subvariants, and there may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 You should read this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 This Annual Report contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed as exhibits to this Annual Report. Unless the context otherwise requires, reference in this Annual Report to the terms Cerevel, the Company, we, us, our, and similar designations refer to Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. and where appropriate, our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 This Annual Report contains references to trademarks, trade names and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this Annual Report may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 

SUMMARY OF MATERIAL RISKS A SSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of before making an investment decision, including those highlighted in the section entitled Risk Factors . These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 The successful development of pharmaceutical products is highly uncertain. 

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have incurred significant financial losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant financial losses for the foreseeable future. 

We will need substantial additional funding, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or terminate our product discovery and development programs or commercialization efforts. 

Due to the significant resources required for the development of our pipeline, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize the development of certain product candidates over others. Moreover, we may fail to expend our limited resources on product candidates or indications that may have been more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Our business is highly dependent on the success of our product candidates. If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize one or more of our product candidates, or if we experience delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

The regulatory approval processes of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 

Business interruptions resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or similar public health crises could cause a disruption of the development of our product candidates and adversely impact our business. 

If our clinical trials fail to replicate positive results from earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted by us or third parties, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. 

We may incur unexpected costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

Even if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success, in which case we may not generate significant revenues or become profitable. 

Competitive products may reduce or eliminate the commercial opportunity for our product candidates, if approved. If our competitors develop technologies or product candidates more rapidly than we do, or their technologies or product candidates are more effective or safer than ours, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize our product candidates may be adversely affected. 

We depend heavily on our executive officers, third-party consultants and others and our ability to compete in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. The loss of their services or our inability to hire and retain such personnel would materially harm our business. 

BC Perception Holdings, LP, or Bain Investor, and Pfizer Inc., or Pfizer, have significant influence over us, and may have interests different from yours. 

We rely on third parties to assist in conducting our clinical trials. If they do not perform satisfactorily, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates, or such approval or commercialization may be delayed, and our business could be substantially harmed. 

We depend and expect in the future to continue to depend on in-licensed intellectual property. Such licenses impose obligations on our business, and if we fail to comply with those obligations, we could lose license rights, which would substantially harm our business. 

The risks described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors and the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The risks summarized above or described in full elsewhere in this Annual Report are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 62 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 112 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 112 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 112 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 112 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 113 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 114 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 114 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 129 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 129 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 129 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 130 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 132 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 132 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 133 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 133 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 133 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 133 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 133 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 134 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 136 

i 

PAR T I 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company pursuing a targeted approach to neuroscience that combines a deep understanding of disease-related biology and neurocircuitry of the brain with advanced chemistry and central nervous system, or CNS, target receptor selective pharmacology to discover and design new therapies. We seek to transform the lives of patients through the development of new therapies for neuroscience diseases, including schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease psychosis, epilepsy, panic disorder and Parkinson s disease. We are advancing our extensive and diverse pipeline with numerous clinical trials underway or planned, including three ongoing Phase 3 trials and an open-label extension trial for tavapadon in Parkinson's, two ongoing Phase 2 trials and an open-label extension trial for emraclidine in schizophrenia and an ongoing Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial and an open-label extension trial for darigabat in focal epilepsy. See Our Pipeline below. We have built a highly experienced team of senior leaders and neuroscience drug developers who combine a nimble, results-driven biotech mindset with the proven expertise of large pharmaceutical company experience and capabilities in drug discovery and development. 
 Our portfolio of product candidates is based on a differentiated approach to addressing neuroscience diseases, which incorporates three key pillars: (1) targeted neurocircuitry, where we seek to unlock new treatment opportunities by precisely identifying and targeting the neurocircuit that underlies a given neuroscience disease, (2) targeted receptor subtype selectivity, where we selectively target the receptor subtype(s) related to the disease physiology to minimize undesirable off-target effects while maximizing activity and (3) differentiated pharmacology, where we design full and partial agonists, antagonists and allosteric modulators to precisely fine-tune the receptor pharmacology and neurocircuit activity to avoid over-activation or over-suppression of the endogenous physiologic range. In addition, our portfolio is supported by robust data packages and rigorous clinical trial execution designed to elucidate the key points of differentiation for our compounds. We believe that this science-driven approach is critical to achieving optimal therapeutic activity while minimizing unintended side effects of currently available therapies. 
 Behind our portfolio stands a team with a multi-decade track record of drug approvals and commercial success. This track record has been driven by their extensive experience with empirically-driven clinical trial design and implementation, a history of successful interactions with regulatory agencies and relationships with global key opinion leaders. We believe that the distinctive combination of our management team and our existing pipeline has the potential to bring to patients the next generation of transformative neuroscience therapies. 
 Our Lead Programs 
 1. Emraclidine is a positive allosteric modulator, or PAM, that selectively targets the muscarinic acetylcholine 4 receptor subtype, or M4. In June 2021, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1b trial of emraclidine in schizophrenia, consisting of Part A, a multiple ascending dose, or MAD, assessment and Part B, a pharmacodynamic, or PD, assessment. Emraclidine demonstrated a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, or PANSS, total score at six weeks and was generally well tolerated compared with placebo at the two dose levels evaluated in Part B. We initiated two Phase 2 clinical trials in schizophrenia in June 2022 and a 52-week open-label extension trial to begin development of the required safety database in September 2022. Data are expected from the Phase 2 trials in the first half of 2024. In parallel, we will be prioritizing nonclinical and clinical safety pharmacology studies, including hepatic and renal insufficiency studies, along with other registration-enabling activities. In December 2022, we announced data from an eight-week ambulatory blood pressure monitoring trial providing clear evidence that emraclidine does not induce an increase in blood pressure with chronic dosing in people living with schizophrenia. 

In addition, we plan to evaluate the potential of this mechanism in other populations, including Alzheimer s disease psychosis. We initiated a Phase 1 trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics, or PK, in elderly healthy volunteers in December 2022 to support the future development of emraclidine in Alzheimer's disease psychosis. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation for emraclidine for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Alzheimer's disease psychosis. 
 2. Darigabat is a PAM that selectively targets the alpha-2/3/5 subunits of the GABA A receptor. In the second half of 2020, we initiated a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial, known as REALIZE, in patients with drug-resistant focal onset seizures, or focal epilepsy. Enrollment in the REALIZE trial has been impacted due to the residual post-COVID environmental and other factors that are resulting in slower-than-expected enrollment in many clinical trials. As a result, we anticipate a delay in the REALIZE readout beyond 2023. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, we plan to provide updated timing on the REALIZE readout by mid-year. In February 2022, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1 trial of darigabat in a panic symptoms model in healthy volunteers. Both doses of darigabat demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant anxiolytic activity compared with placebo in this proof-of-principle trial. Darigabat was generally well tolerated, with no serious 

1 

adverse events and no discontinuations in the darigabat cohorts. We intend to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial of darigabat in panic disorder in the second quarter of 2023. 

3. Tavapadon is a selective dopamine D1/D5 receptor partial agonist that we are developing for the treatment of Parkinson s disease. We initiated a registration-directed Phase 3 program for tavapadon beginning in January 2020, which includes two trials as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2, one trial as adjunctive therapy in late-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-3, and an open-label extension trial, known as TEMPO-4. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, data are expected from TEMPO-3 in mid-year 2024 and TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2 in the second half of 2024. 

4. CVL-871 is a selective dopamine D1/D5 receptor partial agonist specifically designed to achieve a modest level of partial agonism, which we believe may be useful in modulating the complex neural networks that govern cognition, motivation and apathy behaviors in neurodegenerative diseases. In the second quarter of 2021, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation for CVL-871 for the treatment of dementia-related apathy. We are conducting a Phase 2a exploratory trial in dementia-related apathy. Due to slower-than-expected enrollment, data is now expected for this trial in the second half of 2024. 

We believe that our lead programs have target product profiles that may enable them to become backbone therapies in their respective lead indications, either replacing standards of care as monotherapies or enhancing treatment regimens as adjunct to existing therapies. Results from the clinical trials mentioned above will guide the potential development of our product candidates in additional indications with similar neurocircuitry deficits. 
 Our Other Programs 
 In addition to the lead programs described above, we plan to further characterize and appropriately advance our early clinical and preclinical pipeline across multiple potential neuroscience indications. Our other programs include: 
 CVL-354, our selective kappa opioid receptor antagonist, or KORA, for the treatment of major depressive disorder, or MDD, and substance use disorder; 

our selective PDE4 inhibitor (PDE4D-sparing) program for the treatment of psychiatric, neuroinflammatory and other disorders; and 

our selective M4 agonist program for the treatment of psychiatric and neurological indications. 

We are also pursuing other undisclosed targets, including those with disease-modifying potential for leading neuroscience diseases. These programs include those initiated by Pfizer as well as others developed internally through the application of human genetic analyses and new technology platforms, such as artificial intelligence and DNA-encoded chemical libraries, to establish novel chemical lead series that are designed to enable better understanding of therapeutic potential. 
 Our Approach 
 Below are the key pillars of our targeted approach to neuroscience: 
 Targeted neurocircuitry: Fundamental to our targeted approach to neuroscience is understanding how deficits in neurocircuitry drive the development of symptoms in neuroscience diseases. Achieving optimal therapeutic benefit and minimizing unintended side effects in neuroscience diseases requires tuning the specificity and dynamic range of neural networks. Recent advancements in chemistry, genomics and proteomics have provided tools to enable targeted receptor selectivity with specificity to neural networks that underlie disease symptomatology. Fine-tuning the dynamic range of selective neurotransmitter neurocircuitry requires carefully designed receptor pharmacology, such as allosteric modulation or partial agonism, to normalize neural network function without over-activation or over-suppression. 

Receptor subtype selectivity: A single neurotransmitter can act on multiple receptor subtypes that are expressed differentially among neuron types and neural networks within the brain and nervous system. We believe the ability to selectively target neurotransmitter receptor subtypes may provide an important opportunity to achieve maximum activity within specific neural networks while minimizing unintended interactions in other areas of the nervous system that are targeted by non-selective compounds and result in unwanted side effects. 

Differentiated pharmacology: Neural networks in the brain operate within a dynamic range, and our understanding of disease state mechanics allows us to design molecular attributes that are intended to normalize this range for each disease. For example, classical full receptor agonism or antagonism may fully activate or inactivate neural circuits and can compensate for disease but also may limit normal functional dynamic range. However, partial agonism or allosteric modulation can correct or fine-tune the range of network signaling without fully blocking or overexciting normal activity. Each disease state represents a unique abnormality in neural network activity requiring a nuanced pharmacological approach. In addition, molecules require specific physical and metabolic properties to become a viable commercial product. 

2 

Incorporating all of these characteristics into a single molecule can be extremely challenging. The evidence to date for our product candidates suggests that they may balance targeted selectivity with optimal receptor pharmacology. We believe this underscores the differentiation and therapeutic potential of our pipeline. 

Robust clinical and preclinical evaluation : Our clinical-stage product candidates have undergone robust clinical and preclinical testing to provide support for continued advancement through the clinical development process. In these early clinical trials and preclinical studies, we have generally observed PK, bioavailability, brain penetration and reduced off-target activity, that demonstrate the potential for reducing tolerability issues. In addition, dose selection is generally informed by data from these trials in addition to positron emission tomography, or PET, receptor occupancy trials and clinical biomarkers. Based on extensive characterization and research, our product candidates were designed to reproduce validated biological activity while addressing the limitations of prior known compounds. In addition, we take a rigorous approach to clinical trial design and execution. Each trial design is informed by extensive review of historical and contemporary elements including endpoint selection, inclusion and exclusion criteria and titration paradigms. Our meticulous approach to trial execution includes robust rater training, placebo response mitigation strategies and site selection based on a detailed review of historical performance. We believe the wealth of clinical and preclinical data on our compounds along with our thoughtfully designed trials strongly position our product candidates for clinical advancement. 

Our Pipeline 
 The following table summarizes our current portfolio of programs. This table does not include multiple additional preclinical programs that have not yet been disclosed. 

3 

Our Lead Programs 
 Emraclidine 
 We are developing emraclidine for the treatment of schizophrenia. Emraclidine was rationally designed as a PAM that selectively targets the M4 receptor subtype to harness the anti-psychotic benefit believed to be associated with M4 while minimizing the cholinergic side effects typically associated with pan-muscarinic agonists. We believe emraclidine has the potential to mark a significant medical advancement as the muscarinic acetylcholine pathway has long been associated with mediation of neurotransmitter imbalance underlying psychosis. To our knowledge, emraclidine is the only M4-selective PAM currently active in clinical development. 
 Emraclidine demonstrated robust activity in multiple preclinical psychosis models, including potential benefit in improving cognitive endpoints. Our development plan for emraclidine is informed by thorough in vitro and in vivo PK and PD characterization as well as data from competitive muscarinic compounds. Emraclidine has been evaluated in 33 healthy volunteers and 242 patients in completed trials to date, including 52 schizophrenia patients in Part B of the Phase 1b trial, which showed that it was generally well tolerated with no treatment-related serious adverse events or treatment-related subject discontinuations, and 151 schizophrenia patients in the ambulatory blood pressure monitoring trial, which showed that it was generally well tolerated with a side effect profile consistent with prior trials. 
 In June 2021, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1b trial of emraclidine in schizophrenia, consisting of Part A, a MAD assessment, and Part B, a PD assessment. Emraclidine demonstrated a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in the PANSS total score at six weeks and was generally well tolerated compared with placebo at the two dose levels evaluated in Part B. We initiated two Phase 2 clinical trials in schizophrenia in June 2022 and a 52-week open-label extension trial to begin development of the required safety database in September 2022. Data are expected from the Phase 2 trials in the first half of 2024. In parallel, we will be prioritizing nonclinical and clinical safety pharmacology studies, including hepatic and renal insufficiency studies, along with other registration-enabling activities. In December 2022, we announced data from an eight-week ambulatory blood pressure monitoring trial providing clear evidence that emraclidine does not induce an increase in blood pressure with chronic dosing in people living with schizophrenia. 
 In addition, we plan to evaluate the potential of this mechanism in other populations, including Alzheimer s disease psychosis. We initiated a Phase 1 trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and PK in elderly healthy volunteers in December 2022 to support the future development of emraclidine in Alzheimer's disease psychosis. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation for emraclidine for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Alzheimer's disease psychosis. 
 Darigabat 
 We are developing darigabat for the treatment of both epilepsy and panic disorder. Darigabat was rationally designed as an orally bioavailable, twice-daily PAM that selectively targets the alpha-2/3/5 subunits of the GABA A receptor. We believe that by having minimal receptor activation via the alpha-1 subunit-containing GABA A receptor, darigabat can minimize the negative side effects of sedation and potential for loss of efficacy with repeated use, or tolerance, and addiction seen with traditional non-selective GABA A receptor modulators, such as benzodiazepines, or BZDs. 
 Darigabat has been evaluated in 355 subjects across 11 prior clinical trials. In a Phase 2, double-blind, crossover trial in photoepilepsy patients comparing darigabat to lorazepam, a commonly prescribed BZD, and to placebo, darigabat demonstrated anti-epileptic activity similar to lorazepam. In this trial, six out of seven photosensitive patients taking darigabat achieved complete suppression of epileptiform activity evoked by strobe lights. In a Phase 1 trial comparing darigabat to lorazepam, healthy volunteers were assessed using the NeuroCart CNS test battery to characterize the PD of darigabat. Compared with lorazepam, darigabat demonstrated a greater reduction in saccadic peak velocity, a biomarker indicating engagement of alpha-2/3 subunit-containing GABA A receptors, while having reduced effects on motor coordination (sedation) and cognition. In a Phase 1 MAD trial in healthy volunteers, darigabat showed no dose-related somnolence after the initial titration period, even at dose levels consistent with receptor occupancy of approximately 80 . Taken together, we believe these data suggest that darigabat may have the potential for anti-epileptic activity comparable to currently available BZDs, with reduced sedation, tolerance and withdrawal liabilities that, unlike BZDs, allow it to be dosed chronically. 
 Based on this extensive clinical data, we initiated REALIZE, a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial evaluating darigabat as an adjunctive therapy in patients with focal epilepsy, in the second half of 2020. Enrollment in the REALIZE trial has been impacted due to the residual post-COVID environmental and other factors that are resulting in slower-than-expected enrollment in many clinical trials. As a result, we anticipate a delay in the REALIZE readout beyond 2023. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, we plan to provide updated timing on the REALIZE readout by mid-year. The focal epilepsy population is the largest subpopulation of epilepsy patients and is often studied to establish proof-of-concept and a tolerability profile in focal epilepsy and to support development in additional epilepsy indications. 
 4 

In February 2022, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1 trial of darigabat in a panic symptoms model in healthy volunteers. Both doses of darigabat demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant anxiolytic activity compared with placebo in this proof-of-principle trial. Darigabat was generally well tolerated, with no serious adverse events and no discontinuations in the darigabat cohorts. We intend to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial of darigabat in panic disorder in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Tavapadon 
 We are developing tavapadon for the treatment of Parkinson s disease, a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by the death of dopamine-producing neurons in the brain. Tavapadon was rationally designed as an orally bioavailable, once-daily partial agonist that selectively targets dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes with the goal of balancing meaningful motor control activity with a favorable tolerability profile. To our knowledge, tavapadon is the only D1/D5 receptor partial agonist currently in clinical development for treatment of motor symptoms of Parkinson s and the first oral D1/D5 receptor agonist to have achieved sustained motor control improvement in a Phase 2 trial of Parkinson s. 
 As part of an extensive clinical program, tavapadon has been evaluated in 294 subjects across 11 prior clinical trials, including five Phase 1 trials in healthy volunteers, three Phase 1/1b trials in patients with Parkinson's and three Phase 2 trials. In a Phase 2 trial in early-stage Parkinson s, tavapadon demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful difference from placebo of -4.8 points on the MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score at week 15 of the treatment period. Separation from placebo was observed as early as week three while still in the titration phase. In a Phase 2 trial in late-stage Parkinson s, tavapadon showed a 1.0-hour improvement versus placebo in on time without troublesome dyskinesias at week 10 with a sustained effect observed through week 15, which we and our clinical advisors believe is clinically meaningful. Across the 11 prior clinical trials, tavapadon has consistently demonstrated what we believe to be a favorable tolerability profile as well as a PK profile with a 24-hour terminal half-life, supporting once-daily dosing. 
 Based on this extensive clinical data, we initiated a registration-directed Phase 3 program for tavapadon beginning in January 2020, which includes two trials as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2, one trial as adjunctive therapy in late-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-3, and an open-label extension trial, known as TEMPO-4. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, data are expected from TEMPO-3 in mid-year 2024 and TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2 in the second half of 2024. 
 CVL-871 
 We are developing CVL-871 for the treatment of dementia-related apathy. Apathy is the leading neuropsychiatric symptom in patients with dementia. It is also one of the strongest predictors of disease progression. While clinicians, patients and caregivers have been challenged by this symptom, there are no currently approved therapies for dementia-related apathy. The FDA has demonstrated interest in development of a therapy for this indication, and in June 2021, we announced that the FDA has granted Fast Track Designation for CVL-871 in dementia-related apathy. CVL-871 is a selective partial agonist of dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes specifically designed to achieve a modest level of partial agonism, which we believe may be useful in modulating the complex neural networks that govern cognition, motivation and apathy behaviors in neurodegenerative diseases. Dopamine acting on D1/D5 receptor subtypes in the cortex and midbrain plays a key role in the finely-tuned and dynamic neural network that modulates cognitive function, reward-processing and decision-making. In patients with Parkinson s disease, we have observed that improving motor symptoms requires higher levels of partial agonism to offset the large losses in dopaminergic neurons in the motor cortex. In contrast, dementia patients require a more finely-tuned modulation of the neural networks that govern cognition, motivation and behavior to normalize the dynamic range of the mesocortical and mesolimbic neurocircuitry. As such, we have designed CVL-871 to have a lower level of partial agonism than tavapadon. The hypothesis for using D1/D5 receptor subtype partial agonism to treat dementia-related apathy is informed by clinical trials of other compounds where increases in dopamine activity resulted in a statistically significant improvement on apathy scales. We believe CVL-871, while potentially avoiding the cardiovascular effects of stimulant medications, may possess an optimal profile to target this new indication due to the degree to which it activates relevant dopamine circuits within the brain. 
 CVL-871 has been evaluated in two Phase 1 trials in a total of 58 subjects. In these trials, CVL-871 was observed to be generally well tolerated. We also observed evidence of moderate improvement in motor symptoms, a measure of biological activity, along with a PK profile that supports the potential for once-daily dosing. Based on these findings, we are conducting a Phase 2a exploratory trial in dementia-related apathy. Due to slower-than-expected enrollment, data is now expected for this trial in the second half of 2024. 
 Our Other Programs 
 In addition to the lead programs described above, we plan to further characterize and appropriately advance our early clinical and preclinical pipeline across multiple potential neuroscience indications. Our other programs include: 
 5 

CVL-354, our selective KORA for the treatment of MDD and substance use disorder; 

our selective PDE4 inhibitor (PDE4D-sparing) program for the treatment of psychiatric, neuroinflammatory and other disorders; and 

our selective M4 agonist program for the treatment of psychiatric and neurological indications. 

We are also pursuing other undisclosed targets, including those with disease-modifying potential for leading neuroscience diseases. These programs include evaluating those initiated by Pfizer as well as others developed internally through the application of human genetic analyses and new technology platforms, such as artificial intelligence and DNA-encoded chemical libraries to establish novel chemical lead series that is designed to enable better understanding of their therapeutic potential. 
 Our Strategy 
 We seek to transform the lives of patients with neuroscience diseases by pursuing a targeted approach to neuroscience and leveraging our deep understanding of neurocircuitry, chemistry and receptor pharmacology. Our strategy is to: 
 Establish our position as a leader in neuroscience drug discovery and development through the advancement of a diverse and innovative pipeline. We leverage our differentiated understanding of neurocircuitry as well as our innovative clinical trial design and execution to develop our assets across multiple indications. In addition, we are investing in future areas of neuroscience research, including the discovery and development of compounds with disease-modifying potential for leading neuroscience diseases. 

Efficiently allocate capital to maximize the impact of our assets. We seek to efficiently allocate capital through stepwise value creation: driving speed to proof-of-principle, speed to proof-of-concept and speed to market. For example, our early-stage clinical trials are designed to elucidate the potential of our compounds and inform future clinical trials, thereby strengthening our probability of success and our efficiency in bringing our therapies to patients. We aim to be resource- and capital-efficient in the development of our product candidates by selectively accessing complementary expertise and infrastructure through strategic partnerships or other collaborations. We are also building a leading neuroscience team that we believe has a differential ability to identify high-potential assets for acquisition or in-licensing and unlock their full value. We plan to opportunistically pursue such assets from time to time and strategically expand our portfolio. 

Opportunistically match sources and uses of capital. Our broad portfolio both requires and provides a basis for innovative dealmaking and diverse financing options. We will seek to maximize growth opportunities, which may include raising additional capital through a combination of private or public equity offerings, debt financings, royalty-based financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties or through other sources of financing. By matching sources and uses of capital, we can maximize our value creation opportunities while mitigating operational risk through partnerships. 

Maximize the commercial potential of our product candidates and bring new therapies to underserved patient populations. Our development and commercialization strategy will be driven by our understanding of existing treatment paradigms along with patient, physician and payor needs. We expect to build a focused and efficient medical affairs and commercial organization to maximize the commercial potential of our portfolio. Our current plan is to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, in the United States and international markets, either alone or in collaboration with others. 

Our Team and Corporate History 
 Since our founding in 2018, we have assembled a seasoned management team with expertise in neuroscience research, development, regulatory affairs, medical affairs, operations, manufacturing and commercialization. Our team includes industry veterans who have collectively driven over 20 drug approvals, with prior experience at companies such as Biogen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck, NPS Pharmaceuticals, Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Vertex Pharmaceuticals and Yumanity Therapeutics. We have an experienced research and development team focused on utilizing our differentiated understanding of the complex neurocircuitry, receptor pharmacology and genetics that underlie neuroscience diseases. This allows us to develop small molecules with target receptor selectivity and indication-appropriate pharmacology, which we believe are key to enhancing activity and improving tolerability in the treatment of these diseases. We believe that the distinctive combination of our management team and our existing pipeline has the potential to bring to patients the next generation of transformative neuroscience therapies. 
 In August 2018, we entered into a license agreement with Pfizer, or the Pfizer License Agreement, pursuant to which we in-licensed substantially all of our asset portfolio from Pfizer. Under the terms of the Pfizer License Agreement, we are required to pay Pfizer tiered royalties on aggregate net sales of in-licensed products as well as certain regulatory and commercial milestone payments. For additional information regarding the Pfizer License Agreement, see Pfizer License Agreement . 
 6 

Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc., or Old Cerevel, was formed as a Delaware corporation in 2018. ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, or ARYA, was incorporated as a blank check company on February 20, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On June 4, 2020, ARYA consummated its initial public offering. On October 27, 2020, ARYA completed the acquisition of Old Cerevel pursuant to a Business Combination Agreement dated July 29, 2020, as amended on October 2, 2020, or the Business Combination Agreement. Upon closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, Old Cerevel became a wholly owned subsidiary of ARYA and ARYA was renamed Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. We refer to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement in this Annual Report as the Business Combination or the Business Combination Transaction. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to Cerevel , the Company , us , we , our and any related terms prior to the closing of the Business Combination are intended to mean Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, and after the closing of the Business Combination, Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Our Lead Programs 
 Emraclidine 
 We are developing emraclidine for the treatment of schizophrenia. Emraclidine was rationally designed as a PAM that selectively targets the M4 receptor subtype to harness the anti-psychotic benefit believed to be associated with M4 while minimizing the side effects typically associated with pan-muscarinic agonists. We believe emraclidine has the potential to mark a significant medical advance as the muscarinic acetylcholine pathway has long been associated with mediation of neurotransmitter imbalance and psychosis. To our knowledge, emraclidine is the only M4-selective PAM currently active in clinical development. 
 In June 2021, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1b trial of emraclidine in schizophrenia, consisting of Part A, a MAD assessment and Part B, a PD assessment. Emraclidine demonstrated a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in the PANSS total score at six weeks and was generally well tolerated compared with placebo at the two dose levels evaluated in Part B. We initiated two Phase 2 clinical trials in schizophrenia in June 2022 and a 52-week open-label extension trial to begin development of the required safety database in September 2022. Data are expected from the Phase 2 trials in the first half of 2024. In parallel, we will be prioritizing nonclinical and clinical safety pharmacology studies, including hepatic and renal insufficiency studies, along with other registration-enabling activities. In December 2022, we announced data from an eight-week ambulatory blood pressure monitoring trial providing clear evidence that emraclidine does not induce an increase in blood pressure with chronic dosing in people living with schizophrenia. 
 In addition, we plan to evaluate the potential of this mechanism in other populations, including Alzheimer s disease psychosis. We initiated a Phase 1 trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and PK in elderly healthy volunteers in December 2022 to support the future development of emraclidine in Alzheimer's disease psychosis. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation for emraclidine for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Alzheimer's disease psychosis. 
 Schizophrenia Background 
 Schizophrenia is a serious, complex and debilitating mental health disorder characterized by a constellation of symptoms, including delusions, hallucinations, disorganized speech or behavior, slowed speech and blunted affect. Schizophrenia is also often associated with significant cognitive impairment, which further limits a patient s ability to be gainfully employed and maintain relationships. Diagnosis of schizophrenia is usually made in young adulthood and the disease follows a chronic and indolent course characterized by periods of remission and relapse. People with schizophrenia have a 10 to 25-year reduction in life expectancy compared to the general population. An estimated 20 million people worldwide suffer from schizophrenia, including up to 2.1 million people in the U.S. 
 A disruption in the balance of neurotransmitters, including dopamine, serotonin, glutamate, aspartate, glycine and GABA, is believed to be responsible for the pathogenesis of schizophrenia. Abnormal activity at dopamine receptors, specifically the D2 receptor subtype, in the mesolimbic pathway that results in excess dopaminergic transmission is thought to be associated with many of the psychotic symptoms of schizophrenia. Currently available therapies for schizophrenia are all presumed to work through the antagonism of various dopamine receptors, although the exact mechanisms of action for these agents are unknown. Second-generation atypical antipsychotics, or SGAs, such as risperidone, paliperidone and aripiprazole, are recommended as first-line treatment for schizophrenia. SGAs have a lower risk of extrapyramidal symptoms, including abnormal motor side effects, compared to first-generation antipsychotics, or FGAs, such as chlorpromazine and haloperidol. However, SGAs are more likely to cause weight gain, metabolic syndrome, diabetes and dyslipidemia, leading to long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Both SGAs and FGAs can cause hyperprolactinemia, a hormonal imbalance resulting from D2 receptor blockade, which can lead to enlargement of breast tissue in males and infertility. Approximately 10 of patients are prescribed FGAs as first-line therapy, while 90 of patients start with an SGA. 
 7 

Treatment selection is highly individualized and the current approach is largely one of trial and error across sequential medication choices. Using two or even three different antipsychotic agents together is common, though this practice is not encouraged given the potential for an increased risk of drug-drug interactions, side effects, non-adherence and medication errors. 
 Despite available therapies, only 20 of patients report favorable treatment outcomes. Medication adherence is poor in patients with schizophrenia, with a compliance rate of about 60 and a discontinuation rate of 74 within 18 months. Patients who discontinue their medication suffer from high relapse rates of 77 at one year and 90 at two years. The further progression of disease is driven by the cycle of repetitive relapse over time. Each relapse in schizophrenia marks a progression in disability, leading physicians to prioritize efficacy in selecting first-line therapy. No new therapies with novel mechanisms of action have been approved for the treatment of schizophrenia in over 20 years. There remains a significant unmet need for more effective therapies with better tolerability profiles in the treatment of schizophrenia. 
 Muscarinic Receptors in Schizophrenia 
 One of the leading theories on the etiology of schizophrenia is that an overactivity of dopamine in certain brain regions is closely associated with the prevailing psychotic symptoms. Current antipsychotics target a direct blockade of dopamine receptors. While this approach is effective at reducing symptoms, it also leads to significant side effects. 
 Presynaptic expression of the M4 receptor subtypes balances acetylcholine and dopamine in the striatum, which is the region of the brain primarily responsible for psychotic symptoms. The imbalance of acetylcholine and dopamine is hypothesized to contribute to psychosis in schizophrenia. Unlike other muscarinic receptors, M4 receptor subtypes are differentially expressed in the striatum. Activation of muscarinic receptors prevents acetylcholine release, which has been shown to indirectly modulate levels of dopamine without the direct D2/D3 receptor blockade that has been theorized to cause some of the unwanted motor symptoms of current antipsychotics. Thus, selective activation of M4 has the potential to treat the neurobehavioral components such as psychosis, agitation and cognitive deficits that are associated with schizophrenia and other neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer s and Parkinson s, while potentially mitigating some of the side effects of current antipsychotics. This mechanism of action is illustrated below: 

Clinical trials of xanomeline, a full muscarinic agonist that preferentially activates the M4 and M1 subtypes, demonstrated that activation of muscarinic receptors led to dose-dependent improvements in a number of psychiatric symptoms, including psychosis, cognition, agitation and aggression in both schizophrenia and Alzheimer s patients. Despite these compelling results, further clinical development of xanomeline as a monotherapy was halted due to severe gastrointestinal side effects, including a greater than 50 discontinuation rate, which were likely mediated by non-selective muscarinic receptor activation. Furthermore, recent studies in knockout mice with the M4 receptor subtype eliminated suggest that the antipsychotic activity attributed to xanomeline is likely driven primarily by M4 and that a more selective muscarinic activator could potentially convey similar clinical benefits while minimizing gastrointestinal side effects. 
 Alzheimer's Disease Psychosis Background 
 Dementia is a progressive disorder, characterized by a decline in cognitive functioning across multiple domains, that can significantly affect social and/or occupational function. The most common type of dementia is Alzheimer s disease, which had an estimated prevalence of 6.2 million in the U.S. in 2021. Psychosis, a syndrome characterized primarily by symptoms of hallucinations 
 8 

and delusions, is common in dementia, with an overall prevalence of 41 in patients with Alzheimer s disease. Patients experiencing psychotic symptoms have more rapid cognitive and functional decline, increased co-morbidity with other neuropsychiatric symptoms (including depression and agitation) and have higher rates of nursing home admissions/institutionalization and greater treatment-related mortality. Therefore, management of psychotic symptoms is an important component in caring for patients with Alzheimer s disease. 
 Currently, there are no approved therapies for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease psychosis. Current pharmacological treatment for Alzheimer s disease psychosis largely consists of off-label use of typical and atypical antipsychotic medications, primarily based on their use to treat psychosis and agitation in patients with other psychiatric disorders. Although these treatments are moderately effective, they are associated with adverse effects, many that are especially worrisome in elderly patients (e.g., excessive sedation, orthostatic hypotension/falls, extrapyramidal symptoms and anticholinergic side effects) and increased mortality. Due to this increased risk, FDA, in 2005, initiated a requirement for Black Box warnings on all atypical antipsychotic drug labels noting an increased risk of mortality in elderly patients with dementia-related behavioral disorders. There is a clear unmet need for new treatments with acceptable safety profiles for management of Alzheimer s disease psychosis. 
 Our Solution Emraclidine 
 Emraclidine is a PAM that selectively targets the M4 receptor subtype. We are developing emraclidine for the treatment of schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease psychosis. Key differentiating features of emraclidine include: 
 1. Mechanism of action M4 receptor subtype selectivity: Based on in vitro testing, emraclidine is >600x more selective for M4 than for M1/3/5 and approximately 360x more selective for M4 than for M2. Preclinical studies in knockout mice with the M4 receptor subtype eliminated suggest that the antipsychotic activity attributed to xanomeline is likely driven primarily by M4 and that a more selective muscarinic activator could potentially convey similar clinical benefit while minimizing gastrointestinal side effects associated with non-selective muscarinic receptor activity. 

2. Receptor pharmacology PAM: Emraclidine is an orally bioavailable, brain-penetrant small molecule with an approximate nine- to 12-hour half-life. As a PAM of the M4 receptor subtype, emraclidine is designed to enhance normal neurotransmitter release without producing excessive stimulation. In addition, the available preclinical data for emraclidine suggest a low potential for drug-drug interactions, which is important in indications like schizophrenia where several drugs are often used in combination. 

3. Clinical and preclinical evaluation: Emraclidine demonstrated robust activity in multiple preclinical psychosis models, including potential benefit in improving cognitive endpoints. Our development plan is informed by thorough in vitro and in vivo PK and PD characterization of emraclidine as well as data from competitive muscarinic compounds. In June 2021, we announced positive topline results for emraclidine in our Phase 1b trial in schizophrenia, and we initiated two Phase 2 clinical trials of emraclidine in schizophrenia in June 2022, with data expected in the first half of 2024. We also initiated a Phase 1 trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and PK in elderly healthy volunteers in December 2022 to support the future development of emraclidine in Alzheimer's disease psychosis. 

We believe emraclidine has the potential to be a new generation antipsychotic that could become the treatment of choice for schizophrenia, if approved. Each relapse in schizophrenia marks a progression in disability, leading physicians to prioritize efficacy in selecting first-line therapy. With the potential for antipsychotic activity that we believe may exceed existing atypical antipsychotics, emraclidine could become an attractive option in newly diagnosed patients. Additionally, given its potentially improved tolerability profile relative to atypical antipsychotics, emraclidine could displace existing options for patients where there is evidence of treatment-related side effects. We also plan to evaluate the potential for this mechanism in other populations, including Alzheimer's disease psychosis. We initiated a Phase 1 trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics in elderly healthy volunteers in December 2022 to support the future development of emraclidine in Alzheimer's disease psychosis. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation for emraclidine for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Alzheimer's disease psychosis. 
 Clinical Trials 
 Emraclidine has been evaluated in 33 healthy volunteers and 242 patients in completed trials to date, including 52 schizophrenia patients in Part B of the Phase 1b trial and 151 schizophrenia patients in the ambulatory blood pressure monitoring trial. Emraclidine was generally well tolerated, with no treatment-related serious adverse events, or SAEs, or treatment-related subject discontinuations. In December 2022, we announced data from an eight-week ambulatory blood pressure monitoring trial providing clear evidence that emraclidine does not induce an increase in blood pressure with chronic dosing in people living with schizophrenia. In the Phase 1b trial, the incidence of nausea and other gastrointestinal adverse events, or AEs, was low and similar across all treatment groups. Emraclidine was not associated with a greater incidence of weight gain than placebo and no adverse events related to extrapyramidal symptoms were reported. 
 9 

Emraclidine demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in the PANSS total score compared with placebo at the two dose levels evaluated in Part B of the Phase 1b trial. The emraclidine 30 mg once-daily dose resulted in a statistically significant and clinically meaningful mean reduction from baseline of 19.5 points in the PANSS total score and a mean reduction of 12.7 points in PANSS versus the placebo group (p=0.023). The emraclidine 20 mg twice-daily dose resulted in a statistically significant and clinically meaningful mean reduction from baseline of 17.9 points in PANSS total score and a mean reduction of 11.1 points in PANSS total score compared with the placebo group (p=0.047). These results were further supported by clinically meaningful reductions in the PANSS Positive, PANSS Negative, and PANSS General Psychopathology subscales. Emraclidine has also been tested in several preclinical models that have been used to characterize known antipsychotic medications. The overall results from our preclinical studies showed the potential of emraclidine to reduce dopaminergic hyperactivation without resulting in catalepsy, or muscular rigidity. 
 Phase 1b Placebo-controlled Multiple Dose Trial in Schizophrenia 
 In June 2021, we completed Trial NCT04136873, a two-part randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 1b trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK and preliminary PD of repeated daily doses of emraclidine in patients with schizophrenia. In the Part A MAD phase of the trial, doses of 5 mg to 40 mg (administered as 20 mg BID) were explored with up to 21 days of administration at target dosage. The Part A MAD safety and tolerability data were supportive of proceeding to six weeks of dosing in the subsequent Part B portion of the trial. The primary objective of Part B was to further characterize the safety and tolerability of target doses selected from the MAD investigation of emraclidine in Part A in participants with acute schizophrenia; the PK of emraclidine was assessed as a secondary endpoint. In addition, we conducted an exploratory PD assessment that included the PANSS total score and the associated positive, negative, and general psychopathology subscales. The PANSS total score ranges from 30 to 210 points and is based on the sum of 30 items rated from 1 to 7, with higher scores indicating more severe symptoms. 
 In Part B, adult patients with a primary diagnosis of schizophrenia who were 55 years and younger were eligible for the trial. Inclusion criteria included a CGI-S score of at least 4 (moderately to severely ill) and a PANSS total score of at least 80 at screening, a history of relapse and/or symptom exacerbation when not receiving antipsychotic medication, and current acute exacerbation of psychosis with onset within two months. Key exclusion criteria included patients with schizophrenia who were considered resistant or refractory to antipsychotic treatment. All patients were washed out of their current antipsychotic medications prior to participating in the trial. 
 A total of 81 patients were randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to emraclidine at a dose of 20 mg BID, 30 mg QD, or placebo for a total of six weeks. Six patients discontinued from the trial in each treatment group and a total of 63 patients completed the trial. The majority of participants were male (78 and black (69 and the mean age was 40 years. The mean baseline PANSS total score was 95; baseline demographic and disease characteristics were distributed evenly across treatment groups. 
 Safety and Tolerability Data 
 In general, the tolerability profile of emraclidine was favorable, with comparable incidence of AEs compared with placebo, no SAEs associated with treatment, and no evidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, metabolic effects, gastrointestinal effects or weight gain compared with placebo. SAEs included one instance each of COVID-19 (emraclidine 20 mg BID), accidental cocaine overdose (emraclidine 30 mg QD) and exacerbation of schizophrenia (emraclidine 30 mg QD); none of the SAEs were considered related to the study drug. The table below summarizes the most common adverse events. 
 10 

Summary of Adverse Events 

Placebo n=27 
 
 Emraclidine 30 mg QD n=27 
 
 Emraclidine 20 mg BID n=27 
 
 All Emraclidine n=54 

AE, n ) 
 
 14 (52) 
 
 14 (52) 
 
 15 (56) 
 
 29 (54) 

AEs related to study drug 
 
 10 (37) 
 
 7 (26) 
 
 12 (44) 
 
 19 (35) 

SAEs 
 
 0 (0) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 3 (6) 

AEs leading to study discontinuation 
 
 0 (0) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 3 (6) 

AEs in 5 of all emraclidine 

Headache 
 
 7 (26) 
 
 8 (30) 
 
 7 (26) 
 
 15 (28) 

Nausea 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 4 (7) 

Weight increased 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 3 (6) 

Back pain 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 3 (6) 

Blood CPK increased 
 
 0 (0) 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 3 (6) 

Dizziness 
 
 0 (0) 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 3 (6) 

Dry mouth 
 
 0 (0) 
 
 3 (11) 
 
 0 (0) 
 
 3 (6) 

Somnolence 
 
 0 (0) 
 
 1 (4) 
 
 2 (7) 
 
 3 (6) 

AE, adverse event; BID, twice daily; CPK, creatine phosphokinase; QD, once daily 

Modest, asymptomatic increases from baseline relative to placebo were observed in mean supine systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate in both emraclidine groups with initiation of treatment. Mean blood pressure and heart rate measures trended downward for both emraclidine groups over the treatment period, such that by week six, there was no clinically meaningful increase in mean blood pressure and heart rate compared with placebo. These increases may be mediated by emraclidine's activity on the M4 receptor subtype, either peripherally or centrally; increased heart rate has been observed in some other antipsychotic drugs due to their anticholinergic properties. The chart below summarizes the change from baseline on systolic and diastolic blood pressure as well as heart rate for each treatment group at week six. 

Pharmacodynamics 
 Both doses of emraclidine demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant antipsychotic effects, with no meaningful differences in gastrointestinal side effects, extrapyramidal symptoms or weight gain compared with placebo. The 30 mg once-daily group demonstrated an improvement of 19.5 while the 20 mg twice-daily cohort showed an improvement of 17.9 from baseline on the PANSS total score after six weeks of treatment. Both treatment groups had statistically significant reductions relative to placebo of 12.7 and 11.1 respectively, with p-values less than 0.05. These results were further supported by statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in the PANSS-negative subscale for both doses the 30 mg once-daily group resulted in a point improvement of 3.1 over placebo with a p-value of 0.009 and the 20 mg twice-daily group showed a 3.7 improvement over placebo with a p-value of 0.002. We also observed clinically meaningful improvements on the PANSS positive subscale for both 
 11 

doses, with the 30 mg once-daily group demonstrating a statistically significant reduction of 4.3 points versus placebo. The table and chart below summarize the change in PANSS total score from baseline over the treatment period. 

Placebo n=27 
 
 Emraclidine 30 mg QD n=27 
 
 Emraclidine 20 mg BID n=27 
 
 All Emraclidine n=54 

Baseline PANSS total score, mean (SD) 
 
 93 (8.8) 
 
 93 (7.3) 
 
 97 (7.9) 
 
 95 (7.7) 

Day 21 change from baseline 

LSM (SE) 
 
 -5.6 (2.49) 
 
 -14.20 (2.55) 
 
 -9.22 (2.61) 
 
 -11.71 (1.82) 

LSM difference from placebo 
 
 - 
 
 -8.61 
 
 -3.62 
 
 -6.11 

95 CI 
 
 - 
 
 -15.70, -1.51 
 
 -10.81, 3.57 
 
 -12.26, 0.03 

P -value 
 
 - 
 
 0.018 
 
 0.319 
 
 0.051 

Day 42 change from baseline 

LSM (SE) 
 
 -6.77 (3.82) 
 
 -19.52 (3.91) 
 
 -17.88 (3.93) 
 
 -18.70 (2.77) 

LSM difference from placebo 
 
 - 
 
 -12.74 
 
 -11.11 
 
 -11.93 

95 CI 
 
 - 
 
 -23.66, -1.82 
 
 -22.06, -0.15 
 
 -21.36, -2.5 

P -value 
 
 - 
 
 0.023 
 
 0.047 
 
 0.014 

BID, twice daily; CI, confidence interval; LSM, least squares mean; PANSS, Positive and negative Syndrome Scale; QD, once daily; SD, standard deviation; SE, standard error of the LSM. The estimates were based on a mixed-measures repeated model with an unstructured covariance matrix and fixed effects for treatment group, visit, treatment group-by-visit interaction, a random effect for participant, and baseline value as a covariate. P -values are nominal. 

Phase 1 Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring Trial 
 In December 2022, we announced data from Trial NCT05245539, a Phase 1 randomized, double-blind trial studying the effect of emraclidine on 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure over an eight-week period in people living with schizophrenia. The objective of the trial was to accurately characterize any potential blood pressure effect for both doses of emraclidine studied (10 and 30 mg QD). This trial was designed in line with FDA guidance (Assessment of Pressor Effects of Drugs, Guidance for Industry) to provide an accurate characterization of any potential sustained pressor effects of emraclidine over 24 hours of ambulatory monitoring in adults between the ages of 30 and 60 years old living with schizophrenia. Trial participants were evaluated at two doses, 10 mg QD and 30 mg QD, and the change from baseline to week eight, the primary endpoint, was assessed independently for each dose. 
 Data from this trial provided clear evidence that emraclidine does not induce an increase in blood pressure with chronic dosing in people living with schizophrenia. On the primary endpoint, emraclidine demonstrated a mean change from baseline at week eight in 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure of -2.7 mmHg for the 10 mg QD group and -0.4 mmHg for the 30 mg QD group. The upper bound of the two-sided 95 confidence interval for the change from baseline at week eight was -0.3 mmHg for the 10 mg QD 
 12 

group and 2.1 mmHg for the 30 mg QD group. As a result, the trial ruled out an increase in blood pressure for both doses (defined per FDA guidance as >3 mmHg change from baseline). The secondary endpoints of the trial demonstrated findings consistent with the primary endpoint, corroborating the overall trial results. Emraclidine was generally well tolerated in this trial, with a side effect profile consistent with prior trials. 
 Preclinical Studies 
 Emraclidine was tested in several preclinical models that have been used to characterize known antipsychotic medications. The overall results from our preclinical studies showed the potential of emraclidine to reduce dopaminergic hyperactivation without resulting in catalepsy. In a mouse study, emraclidine significantly decreased both spontaneous and amphetamine-induced hyperlocomotion activity to levels similar to haloperidol, which is considered one of the most potent antipsychotics. Furthermore, in a rat pre-pulse inhibition model, an electrical deficit model translatable to patients with schizophrenia, emraclidine demonstrated a dose-dependent improvement in amphetamine-induced deficits. In order to further explore the potential to affect other symptoms of schizophrenia, like cognitive impairment, emraclidine was evaluated in a study in rats that measured various aspects of memory function. The results showed improvement in both episodic and working memory, suggesting a potential opportunity for emraclidine to be differentiated compared to existing medications for schizophrenia. 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 For more information about additional prior clinical trials of emraclidine, please see pages 10 to 11 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Ongoing Clinical Trials 
 Based on the results of the Phase 1b trial in schizophrenia, we initiated two double-blind, placebo-controlled three-arm Phase 2 clinical trials of emraclidine in schizophrenia in June 2022 and a 52-week open-label extension trial to begin development of the required safety database in September 2022. These trials are designed to enable the full exploration of the therapeutic dose range of emraclidine. Data are expected from the Phase 2 trials in the first half of 2024. 
 Each trial is designed to enroll approximately 372 schizophrenia patients with acute exacerbation or relapse of psychotic symptoms. Patients will include men and women between the ages of 18 and 65 and inclusion criteria include PANSS total scores between 85 and 120 and CGI-S scores of at least 4 at baseline. In each trial, patients will be randomized 1:1:1 into one of two emraclidine dose arms or placebo. The trial includes a screening period of up to 15 days and six weeks of in-patient treatment. The first trial is evaluating emraclidine 10 mg once daily, emraclidine 30 mg once daily and placebo. The second trial is evaluating emraclidine 15 mg once daily, emraclidine 30 mg once daily and placebo. All emraclidine doses will be administered once daily without titration. The two trials have identical designs with the exception of the emraclidine doses. 
 The primary endpoint for the trials will be change in the PANSS total score at week six. The key secondary endpoint will be change in the CGI-S. Additional endpoints will include the PANSS positive and PANSS negative subscale scores, the Marder Factor scores and the PANSS responder rate, defined as the percentage of patients with at least 30 reduction from baseline in the PANSS total score. Other measures will include the Short-Form Six-Dimension, or SF-6D, which is a quality-of-life measure, and the Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia, or the BACS. 
 13 

The diagrams below summarize the design of the two trials: 

In parallel, we will be prioritizing nonclinical and clinical safety pharmacology studies, including hepatic and renal insufficiency studies, along with other registration-enabling activities. 
 Darigabat 
 We are developing darigabat for the treatment of both epilepsy and panic disorder. Darigabat was rationally designed as an orally bioavailable, twice-daily PAM that selectively targets the alpha-2/3/5 subunits of the GABA A receptor. We believe that by having minimal activity via the alpha-1 subunit-containing GABA A receptor, darigabat can minimize the negative side effects of sedation and potential for tolerance and addiction seen with traditional non-selective GABA A receptor modulators, such as BZDs. Based on extensive clinical and preclinical data generated to date, including positive data from a Phase 2 proof-of-principle photoepilepsy trial, we initiated REALIZE, a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial in patients with focal epilepsy, in the second half of 2020. Enrollment in the REALIZE trial has been impacted due to the residual post-COVID environmental and other factors that are resulting in slower-than-expected enrollment in many clinical trials. As a result, we anticipate a delay in the REALIZE readout beyond 2023. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, we plan to provide updated timing on the REALIZE readout by mid-year. The focal epilepsy population is the largest subpopulation of epilepsy patients and is often studied to establish proof-of-concept and a tolerability profile in focal epilepsy and to support development in additional epilepsy indications. 
 In February 2022, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1 trial of darigabat in a panic symptoms model in healthy volunteers. Both doses of darigabat demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant anxiolytic activity compared with placebo in this proof-of-principle trial. Darigabat was generally well tolerated in this trial, with no serious adverse events and no discontinuations in the darigabat cohorts. We intend to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial of darigabat in panic disorder in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Epilepsy Background 
 Epilepsy is a chronic disorder of the CNS that is characterized by recurrent, unprovoked seizures arising from abnormal electrical discharges in the brain. This may result in alterations of consciousness, involuntary movement or altered sensations. Epilepsy may be related to a brain injury or heredity, but often the cause is unknown. A person is diagnosed as having epilepsy when they have had at least two unprovoked seizures. Epileptic seizures are categorized in two major groups: generalized onset seizures and focal onset seizures. Generalized onset seizures begin with a widespread electrical discharge that involves both sides of the brain at once. Focal onset seizures begin with an electrical discharge in one limited area of the brain. 
 According to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke and the Epilepsy Foundation, approximately 65 million people suffer from epilepsy worldwide. An estimated 57 of all patients with epilepsy experience focal onset seizures while the remaining patients are classified as either having generalized onset seizures (32 or unknown onset seizures (11 ). 
 The current standard of care for epilepsy is treatment with one or more anti-seizure medications, or ASMs, which act through diverse mechanisms of action to reduce abnormal electrical activity in the brain. Example mechanisms include voltage-gated ion channel inhibitors, presynaptic proteins and neurotransmitter receptors such as GABA A receptors. Some ASMs have multiple 
 14 

mechanisms and some have only one known mechanism, but many ASMs have dose-limiting side effects and tolerability issues and some patients on ASMs may continue to experience ongoing seizures despite treatment. 
 Treatment initiation typically starts with a single ASM, with dose escalation until seizure control is achieved or AEs become intolerable. Levetiracetam (Keppra), carbamazepine or lamotrigine are often used as a first-line therapy among newly diagnosed patients. Patients who do not respond to monotherapy are started on adjuvant therapy with a preference for a drug with a different mechanism of action. Adding on or switching to new therapies is driven by breakthrough seizures, which indicate suboptimal efficacy, and tolerability issues. Shortcomings of available therapies include adverse effects such as sedation, ataxia (the presence of abnormal, uncoordinated movements), cognitive impairment, agitation, weight gain and tolerance. 
 Despite the existence of over 30 approved ASMs, approximately 30 of epilepsy patients fail to achieve seizure control even with the use of two or more ASMs (whether as monotherapy or in combination), which the International League Against Epilepsy defines as being drug resistant. Inability to control seizures may result in severe disability, inability to retain employment and increased rates of mortality. Sudden unexpected death in epilepsy, or SUDEP, is the leading cause of death in patients with uncontrolled epilepsy. 
 BZDs have been important agents in the management of epilepsy for over 50 years. Of currently available therapies, BZDs are highly efficacious ASMs and may be administered via multiple routes. However, their use is primarily limited to acute or rescue treatment because they are associated with the development of tolerance resulting from repeated use, side effects such as cognitive impairment and sedation, as well as the development of physical and psychological dependence. BZDs commonly used for the acute management of seizures include clonazepam, clorazepate, diazepam, lorazepam, midazolam and clobazam. More than 10 BZDs are available and may be prescribed for treatment of seizures. Clobazam and clonazepam are BZDs approved for chronic adjunctive treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome, a rare childhood form of epilepsy. Given their drawbacks, including debilitating side effects, risk of withdrawal and development of tolerance, BZDs are not typically prescribed for chronic treatment of focal epilepsy or generalized epilepsy. 
 GABA is the main inhibitory neurotransmitter that dampens down neuronal hyperexcitation through hyperpolarization. GABA A receptors are comprised of five subunits and are classified into three major groups (alpha, beta and gamma) and several minor groups. BZDs are non-selective PAMs of the GABA A receptor, enhancing the effect of GABA A receptors containing alpha-1/2/3/5 subunits. Alpha-1 subunit-containing GABA A receptors are broadly expressed throughout the brain and their modulation is believed to underlie many tolerability issues associated with BZD use (including sedation, motor and cognitive impairment) and contribute to desensitization and tolerance. In preclinical studies, the sedative effects of BZDs have been attributed to alpha-1 containing receptors. The role of alpha-1 in sedation is further supported by the clinical use of alpha-1 selective non-BZD Z-drugs such as zolpidem, which are used to treat insomnia. Meanwhile, alpha-2/3/5 containing GABA A receptors are expressed in more discrete brain regions, primarily within the cortical and thalamic neural networks. In preclinical studies, the anticonvulsant effects of BZDs have been attributed to alpha-1/2, the anxiolytic effects to alpha-2/3, analgesic activity to alpha-2/3/5 and some of the effects on memory function to alpha-5. As such, we believe selectively targeting the alpha-2/3/5 subunits present an attractive treatment option for epilepsy. 
 Panic Disorder Background 
 Anxiety disorders are the most common form of mental illness in the United States, affecting over 45 million adults or 15 of the U.S. population. Globally, over 370 million people are impacted by an anxiety disorder of some kind. The most common types of anxiety disorders include panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder and social anxiety. The social impact of anxiety disorders includes increased risk of suicide, reduced achievement in work and school, increased risk of absenteeism, co-morbid depression, potential for substance abuse and higher healthcare costs. 
 In particular, panic disorder is a serious condition that can cause significant psychological and physical distress. Panic disorder manifests as recurrent, unexpected panic attacks, and a persistent fear of future panic attacks and their consequences with subsequent maladaptive behavioral changes. According to the DSM-5-TR, the average 12-month prevalence of panic disorder is 2 to 3 in the U.S. and EU across adults and adolescents. Another U.S. focused survey of 9,282 adults reported a lifetime panic disorder prevalence of 4.7 according to the DSM-IV diagnostic criteria, with a prevalence rate of 3.7 for panic disorder without agoraphobia and 1.1 for panic disorder with agoraphobia. 
 Despite the availability of therapies, approximately 56 of patients with panic disorder are not receiving therapy. For those on treatment, a significant proportion of patients with panic disorder have an incomplete or partial response to available treatments with a low likelihood of complete and persistent remission. The various undesirable side effect profiles of available therapies contribute to suboptimal adherence and early discontinuation of therapy, which increases the probability of relapse. In addition, there have been limited new treatment options with no recent drug approvals for the treatment of panic disorder in the U.S. since venlafaxine was approved in 2005. Taken together, there is a clear unmet need for new treatments for panic disorder that can deliver symptomatic relief while maintaining a favorable tolerability profile. 
 15 

We believe that by selectively targeting the alpha-2/3/5 subunits of the GABA A receptor and sparing the alpha-1 subunit, darigabat has the potential to provide BZD-like anxiolytic activity with an improved tolerability profile that could enable patients to move from the current standard of episodic dosing to a daily maintenance treatment regimen. In particular, we believe darigabat has the potential to minimize or avoid tolerability issues seen with BZDs that mostly limit them to acute, episodic use, such as sedation, risk of abuse, withdrawal and development of tolerance. 
 Our Solution Darigabat 
 Darigabat is a selective PAM that targets GABA A receptors containing alpha-2/3/5 receptor subunits. We are developing darigabat for the treatment of epilepsy and panic disorder. Key differentiating features of darigabat include: 
 1. Mechanism of action alpha-2/3/5 containing GABA A receptor selectivity : Darigabat is designed to selectively enhance GABA s inhibitory effect at the alpha-2/3/5 subunit-containing GABA A receptors, which is expected to suppress aberrant overexcitation that underlies epileptic activity. Although darigabat binds to alpha-1 subunit containing GABA A receptors, it is functionally selective for alpha-2/3/5 subunit-containing GABA A receptors. Darigabat exhibits significant positive allosteric modulation of alpha-2/3/5 subunit-containing GABA A receptors (90-140 but only negligible activity 20 at GABA A receptors containing alpha-1 subunits. Because of its minimal effect on the alpha-1 subunit, we believe darigabat is able to achieve high receptor occupancy within the CNS while potentially reducing the dose-limiting side effects and tolerance associated with alpha-1 containing GABA A receptors. This mechanism of action is illustrated below: 

2. Receptor pharmacology PAM : Darigabat is an orally bioavailable, brain-penetrant, twice-daily small molecule with a novel selectivity profile. Darigabat is designed as a PAM to increase the effect of endogenous GABA without blocking or overexciting normal neural activity and with a lower propensity for development of tolerance. Furthermore, reduced functional activity at alpha-2 subunit containing GABA A receptors of darigabat relative to the non-selective BZDs has the potential to minimize receptor desensitization that leads to the development of tolerance. We believe anticonvulsant activity with this optimized activity at alpha-2 subunit-containing GABA A receptors of darigabat is then achieved potentially through high levels of receptor occupancy due to minimal activity at alpha-1 subunit-containing GABA A receptors. Based on PET characterization, doses of darigabat used in clinical trials reached at least 80 receptor occupancy without causing dose-limiting AEs; notably, to date, there have been no reports of sedation with single doses of darigabat up to 100 mg and 

16 

multiple doses up to 42.5 mg BID. In contrast, non-selective BZDs cause sedation at receptor occupancy levels of approximately 10-20 . 

3. Clinical and preclinical evaluation: Darigabat has been evaluated in 355 subjects, including healthy volunteers and patients across multiple indications. Across 10 completed clinical trials, darigabat was generally well tolerated. In a Phase 1 multiple-dose trial in healthy volunteers, darigabat administration resulted in no reports of sedation and low rates of somnolence compared to that reported with the commonly prescribed BZD lorazepam that generally resolved after titration, even up to dose levels consistent with receptor occupancy of approximately 80 . In addition, darigabat has demonstrated clinical proof-of-principle in a Phase 2 photoepilepsy trial and anti-epileptic activity in multiple rodent models of epilepsy. In February 2022, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1 trial of darigabat in a panic symptoms model in healthy volunteers. Both doses of darigabat demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant anxiolytic activity compared with placebo in this proof-of-principle trial. Darigabat was generally well tolerated in this trial, with no serious adverse events and no discontinuations in the darigabat cohorts. 

Based on these differentiating features, we believe darigabat has the potential for anti-epileptic and anxiolytic activity comparable to currently available BZDs but with reduced tolerance, sedation and withdrawal liabilities, which may enable chronic use. 
 For newly-diagnosed patients, we believe darigabat has the potential to become first-line therapy given the limitations of existing treatments in balancing anti-epileptic activity with acceptable tolerability. For patients on polypharmacy experiencing tolerability issues, darigabat s novel mechanism of action and expected tolerability profile has the potential to enable physicians to replace (after a cross-taper) a higher-risk drug in a patient s regimen. Additionally, for patients on multiple medications who experience breakthrough seizures, the target receptor selectivity and potential improved tolerability profile suggest that darigabat could be added to their current regimen for seizure control. 
 In panic disorder, we believe darigabat has the potential to provide anxiolytic benefit while minimizing the limiting tolerability effects of non-selective GABA A PAMs such as BZDs, with the possibility of shifting the treatment paradigm from episodic use of BZDs in response to anxiety attacks to a well tolerated, daily maintenance regimen. 
 Pending the results of our ongoing and planned trials, we believe darigabat could potentially change the paradigm of care for epilepsy and panic disorder, moving GABA A receptor modulators earlier in the treatment paradigm and from acute therapy to chronic therapy. 
 Clinical Trials 
 Darigabat has been evaluated in 355 subjects across 11 prior clinical trials in both patients and healthy volunteers. In a Phase 2, double-blind, crossover trial in photoepilepsy patients comparing darigabat to the commonly prescribed BZD lorazepam and to placebo, darigabat demonstrated anti-epileptic activity similar to lorazepam. In this trial, six out of seven patients taking darigabat achieved complete suppression of epileptiform activity evoked by flashing lights. In a Phase 1 trial comparing darigabat to lorazepam, healthy volunteers were assessed using the NeuroCart CNS test battery. Compared to lorazepam, darigabat demonstrated a greater reduction in saccadic peak velocity, a biomarker indicating engagement of selective alpha-2/3 subunit-containing GABA A receptors, while having reduced effects on motor coordination and cognition. Furthermore, in a Phase 1 MAD trial, darigabat showed no dose-related somnolence, even at dose levels consistent with receptor occupancy of approximately 80 . In addition, across several multiple-dose trials, darigabat has shown no evidence of withdrawal effects, a common problem with BZDs. Along with PK, PD and safety margin analyses, dose selection for trials with darigabat was informed by a Phase 1 PET receptor occupancy trial in healthy volunteers. Taken together, we believe these data suggest that darigabat may have the potential for anti-epileptic activity comparable to currently available BZDs, with reduced sedation, tolerance and withdrawal liabilities. We initiated a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial in patients with focal epilepsy in the second half of 2020. Enrollment in the REALIZE trial has been impacted due to the residual post-COVID environmental and other factors that are resulting in slower-than-expected enrollment in many clinical trials. As a result, we anticipate a delay in the REALIZE readout beyond 2023. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, we plan to provide updated timing on the REALIZE readout by mid-year. In February 2022, we announced positive topline results for a Phase 1 trial of darigabat in a panic symptoms model in healthy volunteers. Both doses of darigabat demonstrated clinically meaningful and statistically significant anxiolytic activity compared with placebo in this proof-of-principle trial. Darigabat was generally well tolerated in this trial, with no serious adverse events and no discontinuations in the darigabat cohorts. We intend to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial of darigabat in panic disorder in the second quarter of 2023. 
 17 

The table below provides an overview of all clinical trials of darigabat completed to date, including trials in indications other than epilepsy. 

Trial Number 
 
 Phase 
 
 Trial End Date 
 
 Subjects (Darigabat/Total) 
 
 Design 

B7431001 (1) 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 July 2014 
 
 45/45 
 
 First-in-human single ascending dose in healthy volunteers; NeuroCart CNS battery to assess PD; active control (lorazepam) cohort 

B7431002 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 July 2014 
 
 40/50 
 
 Multiple ascending dose in healthy volunteers 

B7431004 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Aug 2014 
 
 5/5 
 
 PET single dose in healthy volunteers 

B7431008 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Sept 2014 
 
 12/12 
 
 Food effect single dose in healthy volunteers 

B7431003 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Nov 2014 
 
 19/20 
 
 PainCart battery, single dose, crossover with active control (pregabalin) in healthy volunteers 

B7431006 
 
 Phase 2 
 
 Aug 2015 
 
 74/222 
 
 Placebo- and active-controlled (naproxen), multiple dose in chronic low back pain patients 

B7431007 
 
 Phase 2 
 
 Oct 2015 
 
 72/90 
 
 Placebo-controlled, multiple dose in generalized anxiety disorder patients 

B7431005 (1) 
 
 Phase 2 
 
 Feb 2017 
 
 7/7 
 
 Placebo- and active-controlled (lorazepam) single dose crossover in photoepileptic patients 

B7431011 (1) 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Feb 2018 
 
 15/19 
 
 Multiple ascending dose in healthy volunteers 

CVL-865-HV-001 (1) 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Dec 2021 
 
 36/54 
 
 Placebo- and active-controlled (alprazolam) multiple dose crossover of healthy volunteers in a CO 2 inhalation model 

CVL-865-1002 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Dec 2021 
 
 12/12 
 
 Relative bioavailability and food effect in healthy volunteers 

(1) Most relevant trials discussed in greater detail in the following section. 

Selected Darigabat Clinical Trials 
 Phase 1 Trial in Panic Symptoms Model 
 In February 2022, we announced positive topline results for Trial NCT04592536, a Phase 1 trial of darigabat in a panic symptoms model in healthy volunteers. The Phase 1 proof-of-principle trial was a three-cohort, randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active-controlled, crossover trial in healthy volunteers. The primary objective of the trial was to evaluate the anxiolytic effects of multiple doses of darigabat using an experimental medicine model of carbon dioxide (CO 2 inhalation that is associated with symptoms of anxiety/panic in healthy volunteers. This model is known to be sensitive to the effects of drugs approved for the treatment of anxiety, including benzodiazepines and SSRIs. 
 This trial was designed with a maximum duration of approximately 13 weeks and consisted of a screening/baseline period, a treatment period and a follow-up period. During the screening/baseline period, subjects were exposed to the CO 2 challenge, and only subjects who were sensitive to the anxiogenic effects of 35 CO 2 double-breath inhalation at screening were eligible for randomization during the treatment period. Each treatment period consisted of eight days of dosing followed by the CO 2 challenge performed after dosing on day eight. Adverse events were reported via participant queries approximately four times daily. The trial was conducted as a two-period, two-sequence crossover design comparing multiple doses of high-dose darigabat (25 mg BID), low-dose darigabat (7.5 mg BID), and alprazolam (1 mg BID) against placebo. Three cohorts of 18 subjects, for a total of 54 subjects, completed the trial. The primary endpoint of the trial was the change in the Panic Symptoms List, or PSL-IV, total score, which includes 13 symptoms scored across a range of 0 (absent) to 4 (very intense) and is commonly used to assess panic/anxiety. The design of this trial is illustrated below: 
 
 18 

Pharmacodynamic Results 
 After eight days of treatment, the darigabat 7.5 mg and 25 mg twice-daily doses demonstrated a 3.9 point (p=0.036) and 4.5 point (p=0.008) placebo-adjusted improvement, respectively, on the primary endpoint of the Panic Symptoms List (PSL-IV) total score. The alprazolam 1 mg twice-daily dose demonstrated a 1.6 point (p=0.286) placebo-adjusted improvement on the PSL-IV total score. These results are illustrated below: 

These positive results were further supported by the secondary endpoint, change in the Fear Visual Analog Scale, or VAS Fear score, which demonstrated a 12.8 point (p=0.026), 7.8 point (p=0.282), and 0.9 point (p=0.876) placebo-adjusted improvement for the darigabat 7.5 mg, 25 mg, and alprazolam 1 mg twice-daily doses, respectively. These results are illustrated below: 
 19 

Darigabat was generally well tolerated in this trial, with no SAEs and no treatment-related discontinuations in the darigabat cohorts. Ninety-seven percent of AEs reported in the two darigabat treatment cohorts were considered mild. The remainder were considered moderate and there were no severe AEs in the darigabat treatment arms. 

Placebo (Combined) (N=56) 
 
 Alprazolam 1 mg BID (N=20) 
 
 Darigabat 7.5 mg BID (N=18) 
 
 Darigabat 25 mg BID (N=18) 

Subjects with TEAE 
 
 28 (50 
 
 18 (90 
 
 13 (72 
 
 17 (94 

Mild 
 
 26 (46 
 
 18 (90 
 
 12 (67 
 
 16 (89 

Moderate 
 
 1 (2 
 
 0 
 
 1 (6 
 
 1 (6 

Severe 
 
 1 (2 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Subjects with Serious TEAE 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Subjects with TEAE Leading to Discontinuation 
 
 1 (2 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Subjects with TEAE Related to IMP 
 
 15 (27 
 
 17 (85 
 
 13 (72 
 
 17 (94 

TEAE, treatment emergent adverse event; BID, twice daily; IMP, investigational medicinal product 

The most common AEs included bradyphrenia, dizziness, somnolence, fatigue and disturbance in attention, and the AEs observed were consistent with previous trials of darigabat in healthy volunteers. The AEs with an incidence greater than or equal to 10 in any active arm which were observed more frequently than placebo are summarized below. 
 
 20 

Placebo (Combined) (N=56) 
 
 Alprazolam 1 mg BID (N=20) 
 
 Darigabat 7.5 mg BID (N=18) 
 
 Darigabat 25 mg BID (N=18) 

Bradyphrenia 
 
 1 (2 
 
 1 (5 
 
 2 (11 
 
 9 (50 

Dizziness 
 
 1 (2 
 
 3 (15 
 
 6 (33 
 
 8 (44 

Somnolence 
 
 2 (4 
 
 10 (50 
 
 4 (22 
 
 8 (44 

Disturbance in attention 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 
 
 6 (33 

Fatigue 
 
 6 (11 
 
 11 (55 
 
 5 (28 
 
 5 (28 

Headache 
 
 12 (21 
 
 0 
 
 3 (17 
 
 5 (28 

Balance disorder 
 
 1 (2 
 
 2 (10 
 
 2 (11 
 
 3 (17 

Abdominal pain upper 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 

Dizziness postural 
 
 0 
 
 1 (5 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 

Euphoric mood 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 
 
 2 (11 

Insomnia 
 
 0 
 
 1 (5 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 

Musculoskeletal pain 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 

Nausea 
 
 3 (5 
 
 2 (10 
 
 3 (17 
 
 1 (6 

Feeling of relaxation 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 3 (17 
 
 0 

Drug withdrawal syndrome 
 
 0 
 
 3 (15 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Nasopharyngitis 
 
 1 (2 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 
 
 0 

Dry mouth 
 
 1 (2 
 
 0 
 
 2 (11 
 
 0 

Abnormal dreams 
 
 0 
 
 2 (10 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Listless 
 
 0 
 
 2 (10 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Dysmenorrhoea 
 
 2 (4 
 
 2 (10 
 
 0 
 
 0 

This trial demonstrated the anxiolytic potential of darigabat based on reduction of acute anxiety/panic evoked by CO 2 inhalation in healthy subjects. We intend to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial of darigabat in panic disorder in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Phase 2 Trial in Photoepilepsy 
 In February 2017, Pfizer completed Trial B7431005, a randomized, placebo- and active-controlled, cross-over, proof-of-principle, Phase 2 trial designed to evaluate the efficacy of darigabat in photoepilepsy using lorazepam as an active control. 
 Pharmacological effects in photoepilepsy proof-of-principle trials are correlated with a higher likelihood that positive results will be observed in the clinical epilepsy population. As such, it has historically been utilized as a tool to quantitatively predict efficacy in epilepsy. Doses corresponding to a 50 to 100 response in these proof-of-principle trials for a range of well-precedented and clinically characterized anticonvulsive agents were found to be within two-fold of the minimally efficacious doses used in focal or generalized epilepsy. These data provide support for the translatability of the photoepilepsy model to other epilepsy states. 
 A total of seven patients with documented photoepilepsy were randomized to the four-period crossover trial examining single doses of 17.5 mg and 52.5 mg of darigabat, 2 mg of lorazepam as an active control and placebo, with each patient receiving all treatments in a random order with a one-to-three week washout between treatments. The 52.5 mg dose of darigabat was selected for the trial based on the expectation that it would achieve maximal PD effect in the alpha-2/3 saccadic peak velocity biomarker assessment and maximal receptor occupancy of approximately 80 . The lower 17.5 mg dose of darigabat was expected to achieve approximately 60 receptor occupancy. 
 Patients were exposed to intermittent bursts of light with different flash frequencies (intermittent photic stimulation) to establish the standardized photosensitivity range, or SPR, at which electroencephalographic, or EEG epileptiform activity (photoparoxysmal response, or PPR) was observed. Flashes were administered at standard frequencies, with the SPR being the range of frequencies over which EEG epileptiform activity occurred. The maximum SPR was 14 with a minimum of 0, where an SPR of 0 indicates complete suppression of EEG epileptiform activity. 
 The primary endpoint was the average change in SPR over the first six hours post-treatment. As measured by SPR, the mean response of 17.5 mg and 52.5 mg of darigabat compared to placebo in the most sensitive eye condition was -6.2 and -5.4, respectively. The mean response of 2 mg of lorazepam compared to placebo was -5.2. Mean responses for 17.5 mg and 52.5 mg of darigabat and 2 mg of lorazepam were considered similar to each other and statistically significant relative to placebo at the prespecified one-sided 5 level. Results are summarized in the table and chart below. 
 21 

Treatment 
 
 LSMean (90 CI) 
 
 LSMean vs. Placebo (90 CI) 

Placebo 
 
 6.80 (5.14 to 8.48) 

Darigabat 17.5 mg 
 
 0.57 (-1.12 to 2.26) 
 
 -6.23 (-8.60 to -3.86) 

Darigabat 52.5 mg 
 
 1.38 (-0.29 to 3.04) 
 
 -5.42 (-7.78 to -3.06) 

Lorazepam 2 mg 
 
 1.58 (-0.11 to 3.26) 
 
 -5.22 (-7.60 to -2.84) 

Standardized Photosensitive Range 
 Darigabat vs. Lorazepam vs. Placebo 

The proportion of participants with complete suppression, partial response and no response to intermittent photic stimulation is summarized in the table below. Six out of seven patients had complete suppression of EEG epileptiform activity following receipt of 17.5 mg of darigabat, 52.5 mg of darigabat or 2 mg of lorazepam, whereas two out of seven patients had complete suppression following receipt of placebo. Based on these results, along with PK data and PET receptor occupancy-based modeling, we believe that both doses of darigabat in this trial are within the anticipated therapeutic range for anti-seizure effect. 
 Summary of Proportion of Participants with Categorical Responses in the Most Sensitive Eye Condition 

Response(a) 
 
 Placebo 
 
 Darigabat 17.5 mg 
 
 Darigabat 52.5 mg 
 
 Lorazepam 2 mg 

Complete suppression 
 
 2/7 
 
 6/7 
 
 6/7 
 
 6/7 

Partial response 
 
 0/7 
 
 0/7 
 
 0/7 
 
 0/7 

No response 
 
 5/7 
 
 1/7 
 
 1/7 
 
 1/7 

(a) Responses defined as follows: Complete suppression: SPR = 0 in all 3 eye conditions at the same time point; Partial response: a reduction in SPR of at least 3 units from baseline for at least 3 time points and no timepoints with at least 3 units of increase, in the most sensitive eye condition, without meeting the complete suppression definition; No response: does not meet complete suppression or partial response definitions. 

Consistent with previous trials in healthy volunteers and patients, darigabat was observed to be generally well tolerated. The most frequently reported AEs in this single-dose trial were somnolence (three subjects each on placebo, 17.5 mg of darigabat and 2 mg of lorazepam and four subjects on 52.5 mg of darigabat) and dizziness (three subjects each on 17.5 mg and 52.5 mg of darigabat and one subject on 2 mg of lorazepam). One of the dizziness AEs and two of the somnolence AEs were moderate in severity. All other somnolence and dizziness AEs were mild in severity. There were no SAEs and no discontinuations due to AEs in this trial. Based on the totality of clinical data for darigabat to date, including the Phase 1 MAD trial in healthy volunteers described below, we believe that titration can help mitigate effects on somnolence and dizziness. 
 22 

In summary, in this trial, darigabat demonstrated pronounced anticonvulsant activity on par with lorazepam, in patients with photoepilepsy, a clinical epilepsy model translationally relevant to other epilepsy populations. 
 Phase 1 Single Ascending Dose Trial with Pharmacodynamic Assessments 
 In July 2014, Pfizer completed Trial B7431001, a first-in-human Phase 1 trial designed to characterize the safety, tolerability, PK and PD of single doses of darigabat in healthy adult volunteers between 18 and 55 years old. 
 The primary objectives of this trial were to evaluate the safety and tolerability of escalating single oral doses of darigabat, as well as the PK and PD of single doses of darigabat alone and in combination with lorazepam in healthy volunteers. PD effects were assessed using NeuroCart, a test battery which assesses a range of CNS functions, both objective, such as neurophysiologic and cognition, and subjective, such as memory and mood. NeuroCart can be used to correlate a compound s PD activity and PK and provide evidence to test hypotheses regarding mechanism of action. NeuroCart PD measurements rationally selected for this trial were based on known GABA A receptor pharmacology and included: 
 Saccadic peak velocity, or SPV, where a reduction is an indicator of desired alpha-2/3 pharmacology 

Body sway and adaptive tracking to assess undesired alpha-1 pharmacology related to sedation 

Visual-verbal learning test, or VVLT, to assess memory impairment and undesired alpha-1/5 pharmacology 

The trial was conducted in two parts. The first part of the trial (Cohorts 1, 2 and 3) was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover, SAD trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, PK and PD of single escalating doses of darigabat. Eight subjects in each cohort received darigabat and the remaining two subjects received placebo. Cohorts 1 and 2 were dosed with the first 10 dose levels of darigabat (0.04 mg to 15 mg). Cohort 3 evaluated doses from 25 mg to 100 mg. 
 The second part of the trial (Cohort 4) was conducted to further explore and compare NeuroCart PD effects of darigabat alone, 2 mg of lorazepam alone and the combination of darigabat with 2 mg of lorazepam. This was done to explore the PD interaction between the two drugs. Part 2 of the trial was designed as a five-period placebo- and active-controlled crossover trial. Fifteen subjects each received placebo, 2 mg of lorazepam, 15 mg of darigabat, 65 mg of darigabat and 65 mg of darigabat in combination with 2 mg of lorazepam in accordance with one of the sequences shown in the table below. 
 Treatment Sequences for Cohort 4 

Sequence 
 
 Period 1 
 
 Period 2 
 
 Period 3 
 
 Period 4 
 Period 5 

1 (n=3) 
 
 Placebo 
 
 Lorazepam 2 mg 
 
 Darigabat 15 mg 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg 
 Darigabat 65 mg + Lorazepam 2 mg 

2 (n=3) 
 
 Lorazepam 2 mg 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg + Lorazepam 2 mg 
 
 Darigabat 15 mg 
 Placebo 

3 (n=3) 
 
 Darigabat 15 mg 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg + Lorazepam 2 mg 
 
 Lorazepam 2 mg 
 
 Placebo 
 Darigabat 65 mg 

4 (n=3) 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg 
 
 Darigabat 15 mg 
 
 Placebo 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg + Lorazepam 2 mg 
 Lorazepam 2 mg 

5 (n=3) 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg + Lorazepam 2 mg 
 
 Placebo 
 
 Darigabat 65 mg 
 
 Lorazepam 2 mg 
 Darigabat 15 mg 

Lorazepam has been studied extensively using NeuroCart and has a distinctive signature of its GABA A receptor related pharmacology, including effects on saccadic eye movements as well as undesired effects on alertness, memory and body sway, many of which are believed to be mediated through alpha-1 pharmacology. 
 PD activity of darigabat in this trial was observed for the desired alpha-2/3 driven pharmacology, as demonstrated by SPV and surpassed the effect size demonstrated by lorazepam. The undesired, primarily alpha-1-driven pharmacology, as demonstrated by body 
 23 

sway and adaptive tracking, was observed to be lower for darigabat than with lorazepam. The full results from this trial are summarized below: 
 Effects on alpha-2/3 pharmacology: SPV decreased with increasing doses of darigabat. In Cohort 4, the decrease in SPV for each of darigabat 15 mg and 65 mg and for the combination of 2 mg of lorazepam and 65 mg of darigabat was statistically significantly greater than for 2 mg of lorazepam alone. 

Effects on alpha-1 pharmacology (associated with sedation): Body sway increased with increasing doses of darigabat up to 10 mg, and appeared to plateau between 10 mg and 100 mg. In Cohort 4, the increase in body sway was statistically significantly lower for 15 mg of darigabat than for 2 mg of lorazepam. Adaptive tracking decreased with increasing doses of up to 25 mg of darigabat, and appeared to plateau between 25 mg and 100 mg. In Cohort 4, there was a statistically significant reduction in the impairment on adaptive tracking for both 15 mg and 65 mg of darigabat and the combination of 2 mg of lorazepam and 65 mg of darigabat when compared to 2 mg of lorazepam alone. 

Effects on alpha-1/5 pharmacology (associated with memory and cognition): For VVLT, the numbers of correct words were decreased on both the immediate recall and delayed recall for both doses of darigabat relative to placebo. These effects were not statistically significantly different to 2 mg of lorazepam. The numbers of incorrect words on both immediate and delayed recall were similar to placebo for doses of darigabat and significantly lower than 2 mg of lorazepam. The number of correct words recognized after a period of time (delayed recognition) was decreased relative to placebo but were higher than 2 mg of lorazepam (statistically significant for darigabat 15 mg). Average reaction time and the standard deviation of reaction time for correct words generally increased with doses of darigabat but by less than that observed for 2 mg of lorazepam in Cohort 4. 

Dose-response effects of darigabat were also observed on saccadic reaction time, saccadic inaccuracy, visual analogue alertness and average reaction time for correct words. 
 Results from Part 2 of the trial, illustrated in the table below, demonstrated that, overall, darigabat showed a differentiated profile to lorazepam. Relative to 2 mg of lorazepam, 15 mg of darigabat demonstrated a larger decrease in SPV, corresponding to desired alpha-2/3 pharmacology, and a smaller impairment versus lorazepam on body sway, adaptive tracking and memory tests, corresponding to undesirable alpha-1/5 pharmacology seen with BZDs. The combination of darigabat and lorazepam (not illustrated) showed greater decrease in SPV and less reduction in adaptive tracking in comparison to lorazepam alone, suggesting little PD interaction between the two compounds. 

All doses of darigabat were observed to be well tolerated. All treatment-related and trial-related AEs reported were mild. A maximum tolerated dose was not established and there were no reports of sedation in the trial. The most common AEs following dosing with darigabat were somnolence, dizziness, bradyphrenia, headache, fatigue, elevated mood and orthostatic hypotension. 
 Phase 1 Multiple Ascending Dose Trial in Healthy Volunteers 
 In February 2018, Pfizer completed Trial B7431011, a double-blind, randomized trial designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and PK of repeat oral doses of darigabat in healthy adult volunteers. 
 24 

Eighteen healthy adult volunteers were enrolled and randomized into two cohorts and received twice daily, or BID, oral doses of darigabat over 21 days. One additional patient was enrolled into the trial but was withdrawn due to non-compliance. Each cohort included seven or eight subjects dosed with darigabat and two subjects dosed with placebo. All subjects received increasing doses of darigabat during the titration period in the first seven days, and the target dose was maintained for the remaining 14 days of the treatment period. In Cohort 1, subjects received 5 mg BID for three days, 12.5 mg BID for four days and 25 mg BID for 14 days. In Cohort 2, subjects received 5 mg BID for two days, 12.5 mg BID for two days, 25 mg BID for three days and 42.5 mg BID for 14 days. Serial PK samples were collected at selected time points on days one and 21. Safety evaluations conducted throughout the trial included AE monitoring, clinical laboratory tests, vital signs, electrocardiograms, or ECGs, and physical examinations. 
 Darigabat was rapidly absorbed with Cmax achieved at a median Tmax of one to two hours following both single- and multiple-dose administration. Mean terminal half-life on day 21 was 11.2 hours (25 mg BID) and 11.5 hours (42.5 mg BID), providing a PK rationale for twice-daily dosing. 
 All reported AEs were mild and a maximum tolerated dose was not identified. As illustrated below, no subjects reported somnolence after the titration period and no somnolence was observed in the 42.5 mg BID group. 

Reaction 
 
 Week 1 (Titration) 

Week 2 (Maintenance) 

Week 3 (Maintenance) 

Follow-Up 

No Reaction 
 
 4/4 

4/4 

3/4 

4/4 

Placebo 
 
 Dizziness 

1/4 

Somnolence 

Darigabat 
 
 No Reaction 
 
 5/8 

7/8 

8/8 

8/8 

25mg BID 
 
 Dizziness 
 
 2/8 

1/8 

Somnolence 
 
 3/8 

Darigabat 
 
 No Reaction 
 
 4/7 

6/7 

6/7 

6/7 

42.5mg BID 
 
 Dizziness 
 
 3/7 

1/7 

1/7 

1/7 

Somnolence 

No trial participants experienced withdrawal symptoms when darigabat was discontinued, despite treatment with doses achieving an estimated 80 GABA A receptor occupancy based on modeling data from the PET trial (B7431004). Changes in micronuclei frequency were measured as an exploratory endpoint in this trial and no changes were observed, providing further evidence that the doses evaluated were below the threshold at which micronuclei formation was observed preclinically. 
 Based on the results of this trial, which included a dose that exceeded our top target dose for our ongoing Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial in focal epilepsy, we believe darigabat may selectively enhance alpha-2/3/5 GABAergic activity at high receptor occupancy levels without sedation and minimal somnolence that is associated with alpha-1 subunit-containing receptors activation. 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 For more information about additional prior clinical trials and preclinical studies of darigabat, please see pages 23 to 24 and 27 to 28 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Ongoing Clinical Trials 
 REALIZE: Phase 2 Proof-of-Concept Trial in Focal Epilepsy 
 We are investigating darigabat in a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial in approximately 150 patients with focal epilepsy. The focal epilepsy population is the largest subpopulation of epilepsy patients, and it is often studied to establish proof-of-concept in ASM development. The diagram below summarizes the design of the trial: 
 25 

This trial is designed to be a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of darigabat as adjunctive therapy in adult patients with focal epilepsy. The trial population will include patients with an appropriate severity level of disease to allow for the detection of anticonvulsant activity with darigabat. The key inclusion criteria include: (1) men and women 18 to 75 years of age with a diagnosis of epilepsy with focal onset as defined by the International League Against Epilepsy as focal aware, focal impaired awareness and focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizures for at least two years; (2) drug resistance, defined as lack of seizure control despite the use of at least two prior ASMs; (3) current treatment with at least one but no more than three ASMs and (4) a history of an average of four or more spontaneous and observable seizures per 28-day period for at least three months. 
 After the eight-week screening period, 150 eligible patients who have suffered at least eight focal onset seizures during the screening period will be randomized 1:1:1 to one of the following three arms: 25 mg BID of darigabat; 7.5 mg BID of darigabat or placebo BID. The two doses of darigabat have been selected based on the safety and tolerability data from previous Phase 1 trials, the receptor occupancy modeling based on PET characterization and the doses used in the Phase 2 proof-of-principle photoepilepsy trial. 
 Throughout the screening period and over the course of the trial, patients will use an electronic seizure diary to capture their seizure events, which will enable assessment of change in seizure frequency between baseline, as assessed during the screening period, and following treatment. Following the eight-week screening period, eligible patients will enter a 13-week treatment period, which includes (1) a two-week titration phase, which was designed with the knowledge from prior clinical trials that somnolence side effects of darigabat may be mitigated by titration, (2) an eight-week maintenance phase and (3) either a three-week taper period or enrollment into REALIZE OLE, a 57-week open-label extension trial. The three-week taper phase is designed to mitigate possible risks of rebound seizures from too-rapid withdrawal from darigabat. 
 The primary endpoint to evaluate the efficacy of darigabat will be the reduction in frequency of focal onset seizures during the maintenance phase versus baseline as compared to the placebo group. This will be calculated as Rratio=(T-B)/(T+B) 100, where T represents the seizure frequency rate per week in the maintenance phase and B represents the seizure frequency rate per week in the baseline screening period. The Rratio is between -100 and 100, where negative values will indicate reduction in seizure rate and positive values indicate increase in seizure rate during treatment. Reduction in seizure frequency using Rratio has been used as the primary endpoint in prior registrational trials of drugs for adjunctive treatment of focal epilepsy. Key secondary efficacy endpoints will include responder rate, defined as the percent of patients who experience at least a 50 reduction in focal onset seizure frequency compared to baseline, and seizure frequency per week over the eight-week maintenance phase. Safety parameters will include assessment of withdrawal symptoms during the taper phase of the trial. 
 We initiated the REALIZE trial in the second half of 2020. Enrollment in the REALIZE trial has been impacted due to the residual post-COVID environmental and other factors that are resulting in slower-than-expected enrollment in many clinical trials. As a result, we anticipate a delay in the REALIZE readout beyond 2023. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, we plan to provide updated timing on the REALIZE readout by mid-year. The totality of the activity and tolerability data that will be generated in REALIZE, the Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial, and REALIZE OLE, the 57-week open-label extension trial, will guide further clinical development of darigabat in epilepsy. We also plan to conduct additional clinical pharmacology studies as appropriate. 
 Tavapadon 
 We are developing our most advanced product candidate, tavapadon, as both a monotherapy and adjunctive therapy to levodopa, or L-dopa, as a treatment for early- and late-stage Parkinson s, a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by the death of dopamine-producing neurons in the brain, respectively. Tavapadon was rationally designed as an orally bioavailable, once-daily partial agonist that selectively targets dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes with the goal of balancing meaningful motor control activity with a 
 26 

favorable tolerability profile. To our knowledge, tavapadon is the only D1/D5 receptor partial agonist currently in clinical development for treatment of motor symptoms of Parkinson s and the first oral D1/D5 receptor agonist to have achieved sustained motor control improvement in a Phase 2 trial of Parkinson s. Based on extensive clinical data generated to date, including from three Phase 2 trials, we initiated a registration-directed Phase 3 program beginning in January 2020, which includes two trials as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2, one trial as adjunctive therapy in late-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-3, and an open-label extension trial, known as TEMPO-4. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, data are expected from TEMPO-3 in mid-year 2024 and TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2 in the second half of 2024. 
 Parkinson s Disease Background 
 Parkinson s is a chronic neurodegenerative disorder that primarily results in progressive and debilitating motor symptoms, including decreased bodily movement, or hypokinesia, slowness of movement, or bradykinesia, rigidity, tremor and postural instability. Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that drives motor function through a complex interaction between the striatum, the region of the brain responsible for motor control, the thalamus and the motor cortex. Patients with Parkinson s lose dopamine-producing neurons in the substantia nigra, leading to increasingly reduced levels of dopamine in the striatum, which is believed to drive Parkinsonian motor symptoms. Parkinson s is progressive in nature, and the later stages of the disease are marked by progressively lower levels of native dopamine production as an increasing number of dopamine-producing neurons die. The disease typically advances over decades before ultimately causing conditions that can lead to death. 
 According to the Parkinson s Foundation, approximately one million people in the United States and approximately 10 million people worldwide suffer from Parkinson s. Parkinson s typically develops between the ages of 55 and 65 years and affects approximately 1 of people 60 years of age or older. As the overall global population continues to age, we expect that Parkinson s will afflict an increasing number of patients. 
 The clinical diagnosis for Parkinson s is well established and is based on the evaluation of both motor and non-motor symptoms. At the time of initial diagnosis, patients usually have a variety of mild, seemingly unrelated symptoms that are collectively non-debilitating. The current standards of care and their shortcomings are well understood. Treatments for early-stage Parkinson s include monoamine oxidase-B, or MAO-B, inhibitors, which reduce the rate of endogenous dopamine metabolism, D2/D3-preferring dopamine agonists, which replace lost dopamine tone, and L-dopa, which increases dopamine concentration. Although these initial treatments for Parkinson s are widely used, each treatment class has limitations that force patients to compromise between tolerability and efficacy. 
 MAO-B inhibitors are generally well tolerated, but normally demonstrate only modest impact on motor control, limiting use of these drugs to patients with mild symptoms or as an adjunctive therapy. Within two years, approximately 65 of patients on MAO-B inhibitors add medication and approximately 35 of patients on MAO-B inhibitors discontinue use. 
 Approved D2/D3-preferring agonists are full agonists of the D2/D3 receptor subtypes that are associated with meaningful motor control benefit, but have a challenging side-effect profile, including daytime sedation, or somnolence, compromised impulse control and risk of psychotic symptoms including hallucinations. Within two years, approximately 40 of patients on D2/D3-preferring agonists add medication and approximately 25 of patients on D2/D3-preferring agonists discontinue use. D2/D3 receptor subtypes are widely distributed in multiple non-motor-related brain circuits where over-activation can drive unwanted side effects. For example, repeated activation of D3 receptor subtypes in the reward-related nucleus accumbens may underpin the dysregulation of impulse control. D2/D3-preferring full agonism may also be associated with overexcitation of dopamine receptors, which may lead to increased dyskinesias when used adjunctively with L-dopa. The side effects of D2/D3-preferring agonists can negatively impact quality of life and may outweigh the benefits of treatment, especially in a population of early-stage Parkinson s patients that are otherwise highly functional. 
 As the disease progresses, patients treatment regimens increasingly incorporate the use of L-dopa as either monotherapy or in combination with D2/D3-preferring agonists or MAO-B inhibitors. L-dopa is available in a number of formulations, including combinations with carbidopa, which is meant to allow for the use of lower doses of L-dopa to reduce nausea and vomiting side effects. Initial treatment with L-dopa typically results in a period of symptomatic relief for patients because L-dopa therapy transiently increases dopamine levels and affords rapid improvement of motor symptoms. Patients are typically initiated on L-dopa doses of 100 mg administered three times per day. 
 However, due to its short half-life, L-dopa transiently floods neurons with dopamine, resulting in fluctuating periods of high and low dopamine levels. These large fluctuations can cause the neurons in the brain to alter their response over time. With extended dosing, patients who use L-dopa begin to experience fluctuations between periods of insufficient motor control associated with Parkinson s, known as off time, and periods of on time when they are not bothered by Parkinsonian motor deficits, but can be plagued by therapy-induced involuntary movement, known as dyskinesias. After starting L-dopa therapy, approximately 40 of patients experience off time within three to five years and between 30 and 40 of patients experience dyskinesias within five years. As the disease progresses, patients generally need to increase their L-dopa dose and frequency to maintain motor control. In the most advanced stages of disease, L-dopa doses can be as high as 2,000 mg total per day, requiring up to eight doses of L-dopa per day. This further exacerbates fluctuations and leads to more dyskinesias. The onset and intensity of L-dopa-induced dyskinesias are 
 27 

typically correlated with doses of at least 400 mg per day. The substantial and unpredictable swings between off time and dyskinesias can be attributed, in part, to the short half-life of L-dopa. In addition, high doses of L-dopa can be associated with psychosis, which may be further exacerbated by adjunctive use of D2/D3-preferring agonists. In order to delay the onset of such side effects, clinicians may delay recommending L-dopa until patients progress to later stages of Parkinson s. 
 Our Solution Tavapadon 
 Tavapadon is a selective partial agonist of the dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes expressed within the direct motor pathway that we are developing for the treatment of Parkinson s. Key differentiating features of tavapadon include: 
 1. Mechanism of action D1/D5 receptor subtype selectivity : Dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes differentially activate the direct motor pathway of the basal ganglia. Tavapadon is >400x more selective for D1/D5 receptor subtypes than for D2/D3 receptor subtypes. It therefore has the potential to drive motor benefit through targeting of the direct motor pathway while avoiding the side effects of D2/D3-preferring agonists, which target the indirect motor pathway. This mechanism of action as it applies to motor function is illustrated below: 

2. Receptor pharmacology partial agonist: Tavapadon is an orally bioavailable, brain-penetrant small molecule with a 24-hour half-life that is designed to enable once-daily dosing by providing sustained motor benefit during the crucial morning wake period and throughout the day. Tavapadon is designed as a partial agonist of the D1/D5 receptor subtypes to (1) act as a surrogate for the natural dopamine production lost as a result of the death of dopamine-producing neurons and (2) activate the D1/D5 receptor subtypes at levels that maximize motor benefit while reducing the prolonged receptor overexcitation and desensitization caused by full agonists, which can lead to dyskinesias and exacerbation of off time resulting from L-dopa. Despite the recognized therapeutic potential of selective D1 activation, earlier attempts by others to develop D1/D5 receptor agonists failed due to limited oral bioavailability and brain penetration, short half-lives and other PK limitations. Tavapadon has been designed with a novel chemical structure that is intended to avoid the shortcomings of prior compounds. Tavapadon s partial agonism is illustrated below. As compared to a full agonist, tavapadon avoids sustained full activation of D1/D5 receptor subtypes. 

28 

3. Clinical and preclinical evaluation : Tavapadon has been evaluated in 294 subjects in multiple Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials, including in both the early- and late-stage Parkinson s patient populations required for a broad Parkinson s indication. Across all Phase 1b and Phase 2 trials completed to date, tavapadon has demonstrated motor control benefit with lower levels of somnolence and impulse control side effects than would be anticipated with D2/D3-preferring agonists. In addition, preclinical studies of tavapadon in a translationally relevant non-human primate model demonstrated robust and persistent activity and reduced incidence of dyskinesias. Tavapadon s lack of abuse potential was also supported by a series of non-human primate studies. 

We believe the expected clinical profile of tavapadon has the potential to become a standard of care across the treatment spectrum as both monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson's and as adjunctive therapy in late-stage Parkinson s. 
 High-functioning early-stage Parkinson s patients have adequate motor control on monotherapy with D2/D3-preferring agonists, but the side effects of these therapies are often more debilitating than Parkinson s symptoms. On the other hand, while MAO-B inhibitors have a favorable side effect profile, only a small percentage of early-stage Parkinson s patients are well-controlled on this class of drug due to limited efficacy. We believe that tavapadon s potential for motor benefit similar to D2/D3-preferring agonists with a lower likelihood of their commonly-occurring severe side effects (such as excessive somnolence, hypotension and impulsive behavior) could ultimately enable tavapadon to displace these agents among early-stage Parkinson s patients. 
 For the more advanced Parkinson s patient who is no longer adequately treated with D2/D3-preferring agonists, tavapadon s potential motor control benefit may create a treatment option to address motor control symptoms before adding L-dopa to the regimen. Furthermore, we believe tavapadon could be a preferred adjunctive treatment with L-dopa due to its longer half-life, potentially improved tolerability profile and reduced incidence of dyskinesias. 
 Finally, for the late-stage Parkinson s patient already experiencing off time while on L-dopa, tavapadon use as an adjunctive therapy with L-dopa may provide 24-hour coverage and delay the need for L-dopa dose escalation, thus increasing on time without troublesome dyskinesias. 
 We believe our registration-directed Phase 3 program for tavapadon has the potential to establish tavapadon as the cornerstone treatment across the spectrum of Parkinson s disease therapy the preferred choice for the newly diagnosed patient and the ideal adjunctive therapy as the disease progresses. 
 Clinical Trials 
 As part of an extensive clinical program, tavapadon has been evaluated across 11 prior clinical trials, including five Phase 1 trials in healthy volunteers, three Phase 1/1b trials in patients with Parkinson's and three Phase 2 trials. A total of 294 subjects, including 113 healthy volunteers and 181 patients with Parkinson s, have been exposed to tavapadon in completed trials. 
 Tavapadon has demonstrated activity in the treatment of motor symptoms, both as a monotherapy and as an adjunct to L-dopa. An open-label, multi-dose, Phase 1b trial of tavapadon demonstrated reduction in motor symptoms at the 15 mg dose, with a magnitude of effect comparable to results seen in the L-dopa arm of the trial and a duration consistent with tavapadon s 24-hour half-life. 
 29 

In a Phase 2 trial in early-stage Parkinson s, tavapadon demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful difference from placebo of -4.8 points on the MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score at week 15 of the treatment period. Separation from placebo was observed as early as week three while still in the titration phase. Statistical significance (p=0.0407) for this endpoint was achieved despite the trial being terminated early when only 65 of the planned trial population had been enrolled and even though only 42 of the patients who reached the maintenance period had received the top dose of 15 mg. In addition, at week 15, 50 of patients treated with tavapadon reported being much improved or very much improved on the Patient Global Impression of Improvement, an important qualitative assessment of meaningful change in overall patient condition and well-being. 
 A Phase 2 trial in late-stage Parkinson s was terminated by Pfizer based on the results of an interim analysis, which determined that the probability of meeting the efficacy criterion for the primary endpoint of improvement in off time reduction compared to placebo at week 10 was lower than a pre-specified efficacy hurdle. As explained in more detail herein, we believe the pre-specified efficacy hurdle was a significant threshold to overcome given the limited duration of the trial. Despite the early termination of this trial, tavapadon showed a 1.0 hour improvement versus placebo in on time without troublesome dyskinesias at week 10 with a sustained effect observed through week 15, which, while not statistically significant, we and our clinical advisors believe is clinically meaningful. 
 Across the 11 clinical trials completed to date, tavapadon has consistently demonstrated what we believe to be a favorable tolerability profile as well as a PK profile with a 24-hour terminal half-life. Commonly reported AEs leading to discontinuation of tavapadon across all the clinical trials were nausea, vomiting, dyskinesia, falling, fatigue and sleep disorder. The occurrence of nausea increased with tavapadon dose and was often related to the rate of titration, which is a well-known occurrence with most dopamine receptor agonists. We believe that these gastrointestinal effects may be mitigated by the slower titration method that we plan to use in our registration-directed Phase 3 program. Headache was the most commonly reported CNS-related event across all clinical trials. Other commonly reported CNS-related AEs included dizziness, somnolence and tremor. The majority of all observed AEs were mild to moderate in severity. 
 In addition, preclinical studies of tavapadon in the well-established MPTP non-human primate model of Parkinson s demonstrated robust and persistent activity and reduced incidence of dyskinesias relative to L-dopa. Tavapadon s lack of abuse potential was also supported in a series of non-human primate studies. 
 We believe the results observed in the Phase 2 trials in Parkinson s, together with the tolerability profile demonstrated throughout the clinical program to date, support an encouraging benefit-risk profile and strong rationale for our registration-directed Phase 3 program in Parkinson s as well as tavapadon s potential commercial impact. 
 The table below provides an overview of all clinical trials completed to date for tavapadon. 

Trial Number 
 
 Phase 
 
 Trial End Date 
 
 Patients (Tavapadon/ Total) 
 
 Design 

B7601001 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Feb 2014 
 
 18/18 
 
 Single ascending dose in healthy volunteers 

B7601002 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Apr 2015 
 
 61/77 
 
 Multiple ascending dose in healthy volunteers 

B7601007 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Dec 2014 
 
 9/9 
 
 Single ascending dose in healthy volunteers with an antiemetic 

B7601006 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Sept 2017 
 
 11/11 
 
 CYP3A drug-drug interaction 

B7601009 
 
 Phase 1b 
 
 Feb 2016 
 
 18/18 (1) 
 
 Placebo-controlled single ascending dose in Parkinson s patients who were receiving L-dopa 

B7601005 (2) 
 
 Phase 1b 
 
 Mar 2016 
 
 45/50 (1) 
 
 Open-label multiple ascending dose in Parkinson s patients with L-dopa 

B7601003 (2) 
 
 Phase 2 
 
 Nov 2017 
 
 85/108 (1) 
 
 Adjunct with L-dopa in late-stage Parkinson s patients 

B7601011 (2) 
 
 Phase 2 
 
 Jan 2018 
 
 29/57 
 
 Monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s patients 

B7601017 
 
 Phase 2 
 
 Oct 2017 
 
 5/5 (1) 
 
 Open-label extension for patients in Trial B7601003 

CVL-751-HV-001 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Nov 2020 
 
 8/8 
 
 Open-label single dose ADME trial in healthy volunteers 

CVL-751-PD-005 
 
 Phase 1 
 
 Feb 2021 
 
 12/12 
 
 Open-label, adaptive, single and/or multiple dose food effect trial in Parkinson s patients 

30 

(1) Note: Four patients participated in both Trials B7601005 and B7601003; three subjects participated in both Trials B7601009 and B7601005; four patients participated in both Trials B7601017 and B7601003. 

(2) Most relevant trials discussed in greater detail in the following section. 

Our prior and ongoing trials with tavapadon in Parkinson s utilize three scales for patient selection: (1) either the Hoehn and Yahr scale or the modified Hoehn and Yahr scale; (2) the Movement Disorder Society-Unified Parkinson s Disease Rating Scale, or MDS-UPDRS; and (3) the Hauser motor fluctuation patient diary. Two of these scales, MDS-UPDRS and the Hauser diary, are also used to measure therapeutic benefit. 
 The Hoehn and Yahr scale and modified Hoehn and Yahr scale are commonly accepted reference scales to measure disease progression in Parkinson s, with stage one being the earliest and stage five being the most advanced. In clinical trials of tavapadon, the Hoehn and Yahr scale and the modified Hoehn and Yahr scale are used primarily for patient selection and enrollment. 

Hoehn and Yahr scale 
 
 Modified Hoehn and Yahr scale 

1: 
 Unilateral involvement only usually with minimal or no functional disability 
 
 1.0: 
 Unilateral involvement only 

2: 
 Bilateral or midline involvement without impairment of balance 
 
 1.5: 
 Unilateral and axial involvement 

3: 
 Bilateral disease: mild to moderate disability with impaired postural reflexes; physically independent 
 
 2.0: 
 Bilateral involvement without impairment of balance 

4: 
 Severely disabling disease; still able to walk or stand unassisted 
 
 2.5: 
 Mild bilateral disease with recovery on pull test 

5: 
 Confinement to bed or wheelchair unless aided 
 
 3.0: 
 Mild to moderate bilateral disease; some postural instability; physically independent 

4.0: 
 Severe disability; still able to walk or stand unassisted 

5.0: 
 Wheelchair bound or bedridden unless aided 

The MDS-UPDRS or its predecessor are the most widely used assessment for clinical evaluation of Parkinson s, and, to our knowledge, based on a review of the FDA s approved drugs database, Part III scores (alone or in combination with Part II) have been used in some way as the primary basis for evaluation and approval of the three D2/D3-preferring agonists and one MAO-B inhibitor that are currently FDA approved as monotherapies for the treatment of early Parkinson s symptoms. The MDS-UPDRS utilizes a combination of physician and patient assessments. A negative change from baseline in total score represents an improvement in symptoms. A decrease of 3.25 points or greater on the Part III total score and a decrease of 4.9 points or greater on the Part II and III combined total score have been previously identified as clinically relevant changes on these measures. The four parts of the MDS-UPDRS are described below, along with the number of items evaluated in each part and the possible total score range: 

MDS-UPDRS Part 
 
 Description 
 
 Number of Items Evaluated 

Total Score Range 

Part I 
 
 Non-motor aspects of experiences of daily living 

13 

0 to 52 

Part II 
 
 Motor aspects of experiences of daily living 

13 

0 to 52 

Part III 
 
 Motor examination 

18 

0 to 132 

Part IV 
 
 Motor complications 

6 

0 to 24 

A cross-sectional study of over 3,000 patients with Parkinson s identified the following mean MDS-UPDRS Part II and Part III scores based on Hoehn and Yahr stage: 

Hoehn and Yahr Stage 
 
 Mean MDS-UPDRS Part II Score 
 
 Mean MDS-UPDRS Part III Score 

Stage One 
 
 6.5 
 
 14.4 

Stage Two 
 
 11.2 
 
 28.8 

Stage Three 
 
 17.5 
 
 40.5 

The Hauser diary assesses patient-defined motor function and provides a measure of change in off time and on time. The Hauser diary asks patients to rate their daily mobility for each 30-minute period over 24 hours, and to record their status for the majority of the period in one of five categories: on time without dyskinesias, on time with non-troublesome dyskinesias, on time with troublesome dyskinesias, off time or asleep. To our knowledge, improvements in off and on time have been used as the primary evaluation of benefit for all treatments that have been approved by the FDA as adjunctive therapy to L-dopa in patients with advanced Parkinson s experiencing motor fluctuations. 
 31 

Selected Trials in Parkinson s Disease 
 Phase 1b Multiple Ascending Dose Trial 
 In March 2016, Pfizer completed Trial B7601005, a two-period, open-label, dose escalation Phase 1b trial designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of tavapadon in Parkinson s patients, with a secondary objective of characterizing the PK of tavapadon when used in combination with L-dopa and exploring the effect of tavapadon on motor performance and dyskinesia. 
 The trial enrolled 50 patients with stage one to three Parkinson s as measured on the Hoehn and Yahr scale and a documented history of experiencing off time with their current L-dopa dose. Patients were randomized into four cohorts to receive three different target doses of tavapadon. One cohort received a target dose of 5 mg once daily, or QD, one cohort received a target dose of 25 mg QD and two separate cohorts received target doses of 15 mg QD, with one of the two cohorts including only patients with Parkinson s with documented L-dopa-induced dyskinesias and using a similar but more flexible up-titration schedule. 
 In Period 1 of the trial, 50 patients were treated with a single individualized dose of L-dopa, representing approximately one-third of each patient s normal total daily L-dopa equivalent dose, to confirm L-dopa responsiveness. L-dopa responsiveness was evaluated after an overnight washout of the medication. A typical L-dopa regimen includes at least three doses per day, so this approach was taken to standardize the trial while also administering a test dose of L-dopa that was equivalent to or greater than a typical L-dopa dose for each patient. In Period 2 of the trial, 45 patients were administered increasing doses of tavapadon up to the target dose of their respective cohorts. Target tavapadon doses were attained using titration schemes over an 11-day period. Tavapadon was added to the regimen while L-dopa therapy was simultaneously tapered down with the intent to withdraw L-dopa entirely over two weeks. Once the target tavapadon daily dose of 5 mg, 15 mg or 25 mg for each cohort was reached, the respective target dose levels were maintained for at least 10 days. L-dopa use was permitted as a rescue treatment throughout the trial. 
 The objectives of the trial were to evaluate the safety and tolerability of multiple doses of tavapadon in patients with Parkinson s, to characterize the PK of L-dopa following a single dose and the PK of tavapadon following multiple doses and to explore the effect of tavapadon on motor performance and dyskinesia. Exploratory objectives included evaluating changes in MDS-UPDRS Part III motor scores before and after treatment, both acutely and after multiple doses of tavapadon without the concurrent use of L-dopa. L-dopa was withdrawn overnight before evaluation of MDS-UPDRS Part III motor scores on days 7, 13 and 22 in Period 2. 
 As shown below, on day 22, the last day of Period 2, administration of tavapadon in one of the 15 mg cohorts of 11 patients demonstrated a sustained MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score benefit for up to 12 hours. The magnitude of motor benefit was comparable to what had been observed following a single administration of L-dopa in Period 1, the previously discussed L-dopa responsiveness test, in this cohort. A reduction of about 10 points from baseline was observed at time zero, just before dosing, on day 22, demonstrating the sustained effect of tavapadon 24 hours after the previous dose. We believe this observation of sustained benefit supports the potential for once-daily dosing of tavapadon. Patients in the 5 mg and 25 mg cohorts also observed sustained and what we believe to be clinically relevant motor benefit over eight hours, albeit with less magnitude than the 15 mg cohort. In the 15 mg cohort with dyskinetic patients, only three of the six patients dosed with tavapadon completed the trial, resulting in too small of a dataset to draw meaningful conclusions. 
 32 

Change in MDS-UPDRS Part III in Cohort 4 
 on Day 1 (L-Dopa Responsiveness Test) and Day 22 (Tavapadon 15 mg QD) 

Based on the results of this trial, multiple ascending doses of tavapadon of up to 25 mg were considered to be generally well tolerated. A total of 11 patients, including four of 17 patients in the two 15 mg cohorts and seven of 19 patients in the 25 mg cohort, discontinued tavapadon due to AEs. Headache (four occurrences) and abnormal dreams (two occurrences) were the most common AEs leading to discontinuation. Headache, nausea, abnormal dreams, dizziness and vomiting were the most common AEs across all cohorts, the majority of which were mild to moderate in severity, with six severe adverse events and one SAE observed. One patient in the 25 mg cohort experienced an SAE of palpitations, which occurred at the 1 mg titration dose and was determined by the investigator as not related to treatment. The majority of AEs occurred during the titration period, with the gastrointestinal AEs appearing to be dose related. Most AEs appeared to be related to the pace and increment of up-titration rather than maximum exposure to tavapadon. 
 Phase 2 Trial in Early-Stage Parkinson s 
 In January 2018, Pfizer concluded Trial B7601011, a 15-week, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, flexible dose Phase 2 trial designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of tavapadon in patients with early-stage Parkinson s. As discussed below, Pfizer terminated this early-stage Parkinson s trial early based on the results from the Phase 2 late-stage Parkinson s trial. 
 The trial enrolled 57 early-stage Parkinson s patients with stage one to three Parkinson s as measured on the Hoehn and Yahr scale. Prior to early termination of the trial by Pfizer, 88 patients had been planned to be enrolled in the trial. Patients were randomized on a 1:1 basis into two arms to receive 15 weeks of treatment with tavapadon or placebo. The 15-week treatment period included nine weeks of dose titration and optimization followed by six weeks of stable dosing at up to 15 mg of tavapadon. The primary endpoint was the change in MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score from baseline at week 15. Exploratory endpoints included the Patient Global Impression of Improvement, or the PGI-I, and the Epworth Sleepiness Scale, or the ESS. 
 As part of the trial design, there was a pre-determined decision to terminate the trial early if the concurrent Phase 2 trial in late-stage Parkinson s (Trial B7601003) did not meet a strategic pre-set threshold for efficacy at the interim analysis. As described below, the late-stage Parkinson s trial was terminated early, which resulted in the early termination of this trial as well. At the time of the trial termination, only 11 of 26 patients that reached the six-week maintenance period were on the 15 mg target dose. 
 This trial enrolled treatment-na ve Parkinson s patients that had no prior exposure to Parkinson s medications as well as Parkinson s patients with prior or current use of MAO-B inhibitors, amantadine and anticholinergics. Concurrent use of these medications was permitted during the trial as long as dosing had been stable for at least 42 days prior to randomization. Patients with incidental prior exposure to L-dopa or a dopamine agonist for less than a total of 28 days were also permitted, as long as such exposure had not occurred within seven days of randomization. In total, 57 patients were randomized, with 29 patients in the active 
 33 

arm and 28 patients in the placebo arm. Due to the early termination of the trial, only 65 of target enrollment was reached and 25 active patients and 22 placebo patients completed the trial. Despite the reduced sample size of patients completing the trial, the trial demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in MDS-UPDRS Part III motor scores from baseline at week 15 for patients on tavapadon as compared to placebo. The trial originally planned to enroll 88 patients to power for the conventional threshold for statistical significance of p=0.05, based on a predicted treatment effect of at least -3.6 points on the primary endpoint of change in MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score from baseline at week 15. Since the actual observed treatment effect of -4.8 points was in excess of the expected treatment effect of -3.6 points used to power the trial, fewer than expected patients were required for sufficient power to demonstrate statistical significance. While the trial was terminated early, resulting in fewer patients being enrolled into and dosed in the trial than originally expected, such early termination of recruitment did not affect the validity of the trial or the results achieved as they relate to the patients that actually completed the dosing regimen as originally planned. Additionally, the early termination of the trial did not result in the dosed patients being treated for a shorter duration than planned or in a different manner than was contemplated by the protocol. Furthermore, the early termination of the trial did not introduce selection or allocation bias with respect to randomization. The early termination of recruitment did not alter the enforced inclusion or exclusion criteria that defined the target patient population, the 1:1 balanced and double-blind randomization or assignment of subjects to treatment arms, nor the treatment duration contemplated by the original trial design. Although the overall number of patients dosed decreased as a result of early termination, these patients studied were representative of the target population of early-stage Parkinson s patients. In the dosed trial population, the variance of the results did not exceed what was expected in the original powering assumptions for the trial, nor what was consistently observed among prior early-stage Parkinson s trials. 
 The results of the trial on the full dataset are summarized below. 
 As illustrated below, the mean change from baseline at week 15 in the MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score was -9.0 for tavapadon across all dose levels administered in the maintenance phase and -4.3 for placebo, with a least squares mean improvement over placebo of -4.8 in favor of the tavapadon group (p=0.0407). These changes are well above the 3.25-point improvement that is recognized as clinically meaningful on the MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score. Mean baseline MDS-UPDRS III motor scores were 24.3 and 25.8 for the tavapadon and placebo groups, respectively. 

Change in MDS-UPDRS Part III 

Indicates two-sided p-value of less than or equal to 0.1. 
 
 At week 15, 50 of patients treated with tavapadon reported being much improved or very much improved on the PGI-I, compared with 25 in the placebo group (p=.0393). The PGI-I is a patient-reported outcome and an important qualitative assessment of meaningful change in overall patient condition and well-being. 

At weeks nine and 15, across all dose levels, tavapadon demonstrated a 1.0 and 1.1 point improvement, respectively, relative to placebo on the MDS-UPDRS Part II total score, which measures motor aspects of experiences of daily living. Because sample sizes were small and the trial was not powered to show significance on this endpoint, these changes were not statistically significant. Since each item evaluated by the MDS-UPDRS II total score measures daily function, we believe that any measurable improvements over placebo would be considered clinically relevant. 

At weeks nine and 15, there was no statistically significant difference between the tavapadon and placebo groups in somnolence as measured by the ESS. Somnolence is a known side effect of D2/D3-preferring agonists. 

34 

Tavapadon demonstrated the potential for a favorable tolerability profile, with the majority of AEs reported as mild or moderate and one SAE of suicidal ideation observed, which was considered related to the investigational product by the investigator but not related by the sponsor, and which was resolved on the same day. The most frequently reported AEs in patients treated with tavapadon were nausea, headache, dry mouth, tremor and fatigue. Treatment compliance was high in both the tavapadon and placebo groups, with 86 of patients who received tavapadon completing the trial. 

The trial results described above are based on nine weeks of dose titration and optimization and only six weeks of stable dosing. Past Parkinson s trials for other compounds have indicated that the results observed in placebo subjects on measures such as the MDS-UPDRS scale may peak between eight and 18 weeks of treatment and then deteriorate over a longer timeframe, resulting in a greater difference between active treatment and placebo at six months. We believe a longer treatment duration of six months could result in further improved results compared to placebo. 
 The table below summarizes treatment-emergent AEs that occurred during the trial: 

Number ) of Subjects with AEs 
 
 Tavapadon (N=29) 
 
 Placebo (N=28) 

With Any AEs 
 
 25 (86.2) 
 
 18 (64.3) 

Gastrointestinal Disorders 
 
 16 (55.2) 
 
 7 (25.0) 

Diarrhea 
 
 1 (3.4) 
 
 3 (10.7) 

Dry mouth 
 
 5 (17.2) 

0 

Dyspepsia 
 
 1 (3.4) 
 
 2 (7.1) 

Nausea 
 
 9 (31.0) 
 
 2 (7.1) 

General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions 
 
 7 (24.1) 
 
 8 (28.6) 

Fatigue 
 
 3 (10.3) 
 
 3 (10.7) 

Infections and Infestations 
 
 6 (20.7) 
 
 3 (10.7) 

Nasopharyngitis 
 
 2 (6.9) 
 
 1 (3.6) 

Urinary tract infection 
 
 3 (10.3) 

0 

Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders 
 
 4 (13.8) 
 
 2 (7.1) 

Decreased appetite 
 
 3 (10.3) 

0 

Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders 
 
 11 (37.9) 
 
 3 (10.7) 

Arthralgia 
 
 3 (10.3) 

0 

Back pain 
 
 3 (10.3) 
 
 1 (3.6) 

Nervous System Disorders 
 
 14 (48.3) 
 
 6 (21.4) 

Dizziness 
 
 2 (6.9) 
 
 1 (3.6) 

Dysgeusia 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Dystonia 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Headache 
 
 7 (24.1) 
 
 2 (7.1) 

Hypoaesthesia 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Paraesthesia 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Somnolence 
 
 4 (13.8) 
 
 1 (3.6) 

Tremor 
 
 4 (13.8) 
 
 2 (7.1) 

Psychiatric Disorders 
 
 8 (27.6) 
 
 4 (14.3) 

Abnormal dreams 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Anxiety 
 
 2 (6.9) 
 
 1 (3.6) 

Depression 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Insomnia 
 
 2 (6.9) 
 
 2 (7.1) 

Irritability 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Restlessness 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Vascular Disorders 
 
 4 (13.8) 
 
 1 (3.6) 

Hot flush 
 
 3 (10.3) 

0 

Hypotension 
 
 2 (6.9) 

0 

Phase 2 Trial Late-Stage Parkinson s 
 In November 2017, Pfizer concluded Trial B7601003, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled dose-ranging Phase 2 trial designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of tavapadon as an adjunct therapy for patients on L-dopa experiencing motor fluctuations due to Parkinson s. 
 35 

The trial was designed to enroll approximately 198 patients with late-stage Parkinson s on stable doses of at least 400 mg of L-dopa four times per day and experiencing at least 2.5 hours of off time per day for three consecutive days based on the Hauser diaries collected during screening. After the screening period, patients who met the screening criteria were randomized to four treatment groups of tavapadon or placebo as an add-on therapy to L-dopa: 15 mg QD, 7 mg QD, 3 mg QD, 1 mg QD or placebo. The trial duration was approximately 25 weeks, including a 45-day screening period, a 15-week double-blind treatment period and an approximately 28-day follow-up period. The treatment period was comprised of up to three weeks of dose titration, two weeks of dose optimization and Period A, five weeks of maintenance, followed by Period B, either five additional weeks of maintenance with concurrent down-titration of L-dopa dosing or five additional weeks of maintenance with the current L-dopa regimen kept stable. The design of the trial is summarized below: 

The primary endpoint was the change from baseline in daily hours of off time at the end of Period A (week 10), based on patient-reported Hauser diaries. Key secondary and exploratory endpoints included change in on time without troublesome dyskinesias, the PGI-I, the ESS and performance on MDS-UPDRS Parts I-IV motor scores. 
 As part of the initial trial protocol, Pfizer established a pre-defined early termination criterion based on the likelihood of achieving a pre-specified efficacy hurdle. We believe this efficacy hurdle was set disproportionately high given the treatment duration of the trial. Specifically, an interim analysis was conducted when 108 patients of the targeted 198 patients were enrolled to determine if there was a less than 10 predictive probability of demonstrating an absolute placebo-adjusted reduction in off time of 1.5 hours or more at week 10. The interim analysis revealed that this pre-defined efficacy hurdle was not met by any of the doses of tavapadon evaluated in this trial. At the time of the interim analysis, approximately 50 patients had completed treatment through week 10 of the trial. Based on these interim results, Pfizer made a decision to terminate both this trial as well as the concurrent Phase 2 early-stage Parkinson s trial described above (Trial B7601011). 
 We believe the pre-defined efficacy criterion was a significant hurdle to meet given the limited duration of the trial, where patients spent the first three weeks of treatment titrating up to the maximum 15 mg target dose of tavapadon, if tolerated, and only seven weeks of treatment at the maintenance dose. Based on historical data from past Parkinson s clinical development programs, we believe that a minimum of six months of treatment, inclusive of dose titration to a target maintenance dose, would be necessary to see an absolute placebo-adjusted reduction in off time of 1.5 hours or more. 
 In the final analysis of the primary endpoint, the placebo-adjusted reduction from baseline to week 10 in average daily off time was 0.63 hours for the tavapadon 15 mg QD group (n=41), which, although not statistically significant, we believe to be clinically relevant. For example, the approval of Nourianz (istradefylline) as adjunctive treatment with L-dopa in Parkinson s was based on placebo-adjusted improvements in off time of less than one hour. Furthermore, the final analysis also showed a clinically meaningful one-hour improvement in on time without troublesome dyskinesias at week 10 for the tavapadon 15 mg QD group as compared to placebo. For doses of tavapadon below 15 mg, the sample sizes were too small to draw meaningful conclusions (nine patients in the 3 mg QD group, nine patients in the 7 mg QD group and seven patients in the 1 mg QD group). 
 36 

Placebo-Adjusted Change in On Time without Troublesome Dyskinesias 

Although the endpoints in this trial did not achieve statistical significance, we believe that if the trial had been completed with the full sample size, there would have been a reasonable possibility of observing a treatment effect and statistical separation from placebo on both the off time and on time without troublesome dyskinesias endpoints. 
 A further pre-specified analysis of secondary endpoints was also completed for the 21 patients who completed treatment through week 15 of the trial, while keeping their L-dopa dose unchanged. This analysis showed a placebo-adjusted reduction from baseline in average daily off time of 3.52 hours and an increase in average daily on time without troublesome dyskinesias of 2.31 hours. The increases in treatment effect from week 10 to week 15 were primarily driven by a worsening of motor fluctuations in the placebo arm, with tavapadon activity remaining comparable to what was observed at week 10. Although based on only 21 patients (14 patients in the tavapadon 15 mg group and seven patients in the placebo group), which represented approximately half of the patients available at week 10, the observed durability of the treatment effect through week 15 strengthens our belief that the motor control improvements observed with tavapadon are reliable and support our decision to proceed to a registration-directed Phase 3 trial. 
 Historically, the FDA considered the off time endpoint to be an appropriate assessment of therapeutic benefit in patients with late-stage Parkinson s. However, the FDA s view has evolved, and the agency now considers the change from baseline in average daily on time without troublesome dyskinesias to be the most appropriate assessment of therapeutic benefit for this patient population. Based on the above data, we plan to utilize the change from baseline in on time without troublesome dyskinesias as the primary endpoint in our Phase 3 trial of tavapadon as an adjunct to L-dopa in late-stage Parkinson s patients. 
 37 

The table below summarizes treatment-related AEs occurring in two or more subjects during this trial, which were generally consistent with the other clinical trials of tavapadon completed to date: 

Tavapadon 

Tavapadon 

Tavapadon 

Tavapadon 

Number ) of Subjects with AEs 
 
 Placebo (N=23) 

1 mg QD (N=13) 

3 mg QD (N=15) 

7 mg QD (N=13) 

15 mg QD (N=44) 

Total (N=108) 

With Any AE 
 
 7 (30.4) 

4 (30.8) 

7 (46.7) 

6 (46.2) 

29 (65.9) 

53 (49.1) 

Gastrointestinal Disorders 
 
 1 (4.3) 

2 (15.4) 

2 (13.3) 

1 (7.7) 

12 (27.3) 

18 (16.7) 

Gastroesophageal reflux disease 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2 (4.5) 

2 (1.9) 

Nausea 
 
 1 (4.3) 

2 (15.4) 

2 (13.3) 

0 

8 (18.2) 

13 (12.0) 

Vomiting 

0 

0 

1 (6.7) 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2 (1.9) 

General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions 
 
 1 (4.3) 

2 (15.4) 

1 (6.7) 

2 (15.4) 

3 (6.8) 

9 (8.3) 

Fatigue 
 
 1 (4.3) 

1 (7.7) 

1 (6.7) 

2 (15.4) 

1 (2.3) 

6 (5.6) 

Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders 

0 

1 (7.7) 

0 

1 (7.7) 

3 (6.8) 

5 (4.6) 

Decreased appetite 

0 

1 (7.7) 

0 

1 (7.7) 

3 (6.8) 

5 (4.6) 

Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders 
 
 1 (4.3) 

1 (7.7) 

0 

1 (7.7) 

3 (6.8) 

6 (5.6) 

Musculoskeletal stiffness 

0 

1 (7.7) 

0 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2 (1.9) 

Pain in extremity 
 
 1 (4.3) 

0 

0 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2 (1.9) 

Nervous System Disorders 
 
 2 (8.7) 

2 (15.4) 

4 (26.7) 

5 (38.5) 

19 (43.2) 

32 (29.6) 

Balance disorder 
 
 1 (4.3) 

0 

0 

1 (7.7) 

0 

2 (19) 

Dizziness 

0 

0 

1 (6.7) 

1 (7.7) 

4 (9.1) 

6 (5.6) 

Dyskinesia 

0 

1 (7.7) 

1 (6.7) 

2 (15.4) 

7 (15.9) 

11 (10.2) 

Dystonia 
 
 1 (4.3) 

0 

0 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2 (1.9) 

Headache 

0 

1 (7.7) 

1 (6.7) 

2 (15.4) 

10 (22.7) 

14 (13.0) 

Parkinson s disease (1) 

0 

0 

1 (6.7) 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2 (1.9) 

Somnolence 

0 

0 

1 (6.7) 

1 (7.7) 

0 

2 (1.9) 

Psychiatric Disorders 
 
 4 (17.4) 

1 (7.7) 

2 (13.3) 

2 (15.4) 

12 (27.3) 

21 (19.4) 

Abnormal dreams 
 
 1 (4.3) 

0 

1 (6.7) 

0 

3 (6.8) 

5 (4.6) 

Anxiety 

0 

0 

0 

0 

3 (6.8) 

3 (2.8) 

Depersonalization/derealization disorder 

0 

1 (7.7) 

0 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2 (1.9) 

Depressed mood 
 
 1 (4.3) 

0 

0 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2(1.9) 

Insomnia 
 
 2 (8.7) 

1 (7.7) 

0 

1 (7.7) 

1 (2.3) 

5 (4.6) 

Irritability 

0 

0 

0 

0 

3 (6.8) 

3 (2.8) 

Sleep disorder 

0 

0 

1 (6.7) 

1 (7.7) 

1 (2.3) 

3 (2.8) 

Vascular Disorders 

0 

0 

2 (13.3) 

0 

1 (2.3) 

3 (2.8) 

Orthostatic hypotension 

0 

0 

1 (6.7) 

0 

1 (2.3) 

2 (1.9) 

Total Events 

10 

11 

13 

19 

84 

137 

(1) Indicates worsening of Parkinson s symptoms. 

Safety and Tolerability Data 
 To date, 294 subjects have received at least one dose of tavapadon across 11 clinical trials, including healthy volunteers in five Phase 1 trials and patients with Parkinson s in three Phase 1/1b trials and three Phase 2 trials. Across these trials, tavapadon was generally well tolerated up to a titrated dose of 15 mg QD in patients with Parkinson's. A dose-dependent increase in the frequency of nausea and headache was observed across all trials. Most AEs were self-limited and mild to moderate in severity, with nausea, vomiting, dyskinesia, fall, fatigue, sleep disorder and tremors being common AEs leading to discontinuation of tavapadon. 
 As expected for a dopaminergic agent, there was a marked difference in tolerability in healthy volunteers who do not have a preexisting dopamine deficit when compared to Parkinson s patients. For example, a single dose of 9 mg in our Phase 1b SAD trial was generally well tolerated in Parkinson s patients, while a single dose of 1.5 mg in our Phase 1 SAD trial was associated with a high rate of nausea and vomiting in healthy volunteers. This difference is also seen with other dopaminergic drugs such as L-dopa and D2/D3-preferring agonists. These agents are titrated when used as Parkinson s treatments to improve tolerability to gastrointestinal and other side effects. The speed of titration may also play a role in the tolerability of side effects such as nausea and vomiting. We will titrate more slowly in our ongoing registration-directed Phase 3 program, which we believe will help mitigate such side effects. 
 There were no observations of notable differences in laboratory results, parameters or suicidality assessments between tavapadon and placebo. An analysis of multi-dose cohorts in Phase 1 trials in healthy volunteers and Parkinson s patients, including patients who were treated at doses of up to 25 mg QD of tavapadon, did not suggest that tavapadon prolongs the QTc interval, an ECG measurement used to assess the risk of potential cardiac arrhythmias, corrected for heart rate by Fridericia s formula. Transient prolongation of group mean QTc interval of up to 11 milliseconds was observed in single dose trials in healthy volunteers and in Parkinson s patients. However, QTc interval prolongation was not observed in any multi-dose trials. Based on our end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA where we presented single-dose ECG, multiple-dose ECG and a model-based analysis of Phase 1 data, we plan to collect time- matched PK and ECG measures in a subset of patients as a sub-study in our ongoing Phase 3 fixed-dose early-stage Parkinson s trial. A stand-alone thorough QT study was not required by the FDA and is not planned. 
 Clinical trials of longer treatment duration of up to 15 weeks suggest a modest tavapadon dose-related decrease from baseline in systolic and/or diastolic parameters, with some cases of asymptomatic hypotension. Postural hypotension is a common finding in the 
 38 

population of Parkinson s patients. The occurrence of symptomatic and acute symptomatic orthostatic hypotension with use of L-dopa and D2/D3-preferring agonists is a well-documented risk. Based on preclinical and clinical data observed to date and on tavapadon s partial agonism pharmacology, we believe the risk of hypotension is reduced with tavapadon relative to full dopamine agonists. 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 For more information about additional prior clinical trials and preclinical studies of tavapadon, please see pages 34 to 35 and 43 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Ongoing Clinical Trials 
 Based on the substantial clinical data generated to date with tavapadon, we initiated our registration-directed Phase 3 program beginning in January 2020. This program includes two trials as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2, one trial as adjunctive therapy in late-stage Parkinson s, known as TEMPO-3, and an open-label extension trial, known as TEMPO-4. Informed by the results of the Phase 2 trials in early- and late-stage Parkinson s, our Phase 3 program has been designed to further characterize and evaluate tavapadon s risk-benefit profile in the context of existing standards of care for Parkinson s patients. Specifically, these trials will evaluate the utility of tavapadon across the disease spectrum of Parkinson s, from early-stage patients to late-stage patients experiencing dyskinesias and off time on L-dopa. Our Phase 3 program will include additional standard clinical pharmacology studies to support a potential future new drug application, or NDA, submission and product labeling. We had an end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA in August 2019, during which we obtained feedback on our registration-directed Phase 3 program. Based on this feedback, we believe that we have an understanding of all of the essential elements required for a potential NDA submission for tavapadon. 
 Phase 3 Monotherapy Early-Stage Parkinson s Trials 
 As part of our registration-directed Phase 3 program, we are conducting two trials as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s patients. The diagram below summarizes the design of the two trials: 

TEMPO-1: Phase 3 Fixed-Dose Monotherapy Early-Stage Parkinson s Trial 
 Based on historical registrational fixed-dose trials of approved Parkinson s treatments, we designed TEMPO-1, a Phase 3 trial as a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, fixed-dose, 27-week trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of tavapadon as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s patients. We plan to enroll 522 patients with 1:1:1 randomization between tavapadon 5 mg QD, tavapadon 15 mg QD and placebo. We incorporated a preset mandatory dose titration schedule across the first six weeks of treatment in an attempt to minimize patient discontinuations. Key inclusion criteria include patients with modified Hoehn and Yahr stage one to two Parkinson s with baseline MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score of 10 or greater and Part II score of two or greater. No concomitant Parkinson s medications are allowed, except for use of MAO-B inhibitors if treatment was initiated at least 90 days before entering the trial and the dosage will remain stable for the duration of the trial. 
 The primary endpoint for both our fixed-dose monotherapy early-stage Parkinson s trial and our flexible-dose monotherapy early-stage Parkinson s trial discussed below will be the change from baseline of the combined MDS-UPDRS Parts II and III scores. There is a long history of using the MDS-UPDRS Part III score, either individually or in combination with Part II score, as the primary endpoint in registrational Parkinson s trials. To our knowledge, Part III scores have been used alone or in combination with 
 39 

Part II scores as the primary basis of approval for the three D2/D3- preferring agonists and one MAO-B inhibitor that are currently FDA approved as monotherapies for the treatment of early Parkinson s symptoms. During our end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA, the FDA stated that they believe that the MDS-UPDRS Part II score without Part III is a more appropriate primary endpoint in clinical trials for early-stage Parkinson s patients, as all score changes in activities rated in Part II reflect a clinically relevant change in patients. The FDA explained that its interpretation of the primary endpoint results in our monotherapy early-stage Phase 3 Parkinson s trials would depend on a detailed analysis of the results and of the respective contributions of Parts II and III to the final trial results. The FDA also indicated that a determination as to whether the trials contribute substantial evidence of effectiveness would be a review issue at the time of the submission of the NDA. 
 Accordingly, the target enrollment being utilized for our Phase 3 trials as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s is powered, based on results from the Phase 2 early-stage Parkinson s trial, to provide 90 confidence of detecting a statistically significant placebo-adjusted improvement from baseline of four points or greater in the Part II and III combined score and a statistically significant placebo-adjusted change from baseline of one point or greater in the Part II score alone. Since each item evaluated by the MDS-UPDRS Part II total score measures daily function, we believe that any measurable improvements over placebo would be considered clinically relevant. Patients without any meaningful functional deficit at baseline, represented by an MDS-UPDRS Part II score of zero or one, who are thus not able to show meaningful improvement on their Part II score with treatment, will be excluded from the trials. We also believe the extended 27-week period of treatment will increase the probability of a robust difference from placebo on both the primary endpoint of Part II and III combined scores and the individual Part II score. 
 Key secondary endpoints are the change from baseline in the MDS-UPDRS Part II score and a responder analysis on Patient Global Impression of Change, a patient-reported assessment of the overall benefit of treatment (referred to as the PGI-I in prior tavapadon trials). Additional exploratory endpoints include quality of life measures as well as safety measures such as the ESS and Questionnaire for Impulsive-Compulsive Disorders in Parkinson s. We have designed the trial with these endpoints to demonstrate the impact of tavapadon on motor control and activities of daily living, as well as its potentially differentiated side effect profile with respect to somnolence and impulse control. We expect data from this trial in the second half of 2024. 
 TEMPO-2: Phase 3 Flexible-Dose Monotherapy Early-Stage Parkinson s Trial 
 TEMPO-2, our second Phase 3 trial is designed as a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, flexible-dose, 27-week trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of tavapadon as monotherapy in patients with early-stage Parkinson s. We plan to enroll 296 patients with 1:1 randomization between tavapadon, which will be flexibly titrated up to between 5 mg QD and 15 mg QD, and placebo. Following a fixed titration scheme to the 5 mg QD dose level, each patient s dose will be further increased to a target dose of 15 mg QD unless prevented by tolerability. Patients unable to achieve or tolerate 15 mg QD or 10 mg QD may remain at 10 mg QD or 5 mg QD, respectively, for the remainder of the treatment phase. Key inclusion criteria include patients with modified Hoehn and Yahr stage one to two Parkinson s with baseline MDS-UPDRS Part III motor score of 10 or greater and Part II motor score of two or greater. No concomitant Parkinson s medications are allowed except for MAO-B inhibitors if use was initiated at least 90 days before entering the trial and the dosage will remain stable for the duration of the trial. 
 As mentioned above, the primary endpoint is the change from baseline of combined MDS-UPDRS Parts II and III scores. Similar to the fixed-dose monotherapy early-stage Parkinson s Phase 3 trial, the primary endpoint will be supported by secondary and exploratory efficacy endpoints as well as safety measures. The flexible dose design of this trial allows for more efficient powering that requires only two arms instead of three arms. The trial is powered with 90 confidence to detect a statistically significant difference of four points or more from placebo on the primary endpoint and a difference of one point or more from placebo on the Part II score alone. We expect data from this trial in the second half of 2024. 
 TEMPO-3: Phase 3 Flexible-Dose Adjunctive Therapy Late-Stage Parkinson s Trial 
 TEMPO-3, our third Phase 3 trial is designed as a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, flexible-dose, 27-week trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of tavapadon as an adjunct therapy in patients with late-stage Parkinson s who are treated with L-dopa and experience motor fluctuations. We plan to enroll 500 patients with 1:1 randomization between tavapadon flexibly dosed up to between 5 and 15 mg QD and placebo. Following a fixed titration scheme to the 5 mg QD dose level, each patient s dose will be further increased to a target dose of 15 mg QD unless prevented by tolerability. Patients unable to achieve or tolerate 15 mg or 10 mg QD may remain at 10 mg or 5 mg QD, respectively, for the remainder of the treatment period. Key inclusion criteria include patients with modified Hoehn and Yahr stage two to three Parkinson s who maintain some level of responsiveness to L-dopa and are experiencing at least 2.5 hours of off time per day for two consecutive days at baseline. 
 40 

The diagram below summarizes the design of this trial: 

The primary endpoint is the change from baseline in total on time without troublesome dyskinesias. Based on the learnings from the Phase 2 trial in late-stage Parkinson s, we have designed this trial with the intention of rectifying key design components that may have contributed to the inability to achieve Pfizer s pre-specified efficacy hurdle for continuing the tavapadon program. For example, to minimize gastrointestinal and other side effects and patient discontinuations, the protocol for this trial allows for 14 weeks of gradual titration and adjustment, rather than the three weeks allowed in the Phase 2 trial. This titration schedule is followed by 13 weeks at maximal dosing, as opposed to the seven weeks in the Phase 2 trial, to fully explore tavapadon s potential efficacy in these patients. The FDA has publicly stated that the primary endpoint of on time without troublesome dyskinesias is the most clinically relevant regulatory endpoint to assess therapeutic benefit in this patient population. The trial is powered to demonstrate a one-hour improvement over placebo in the primary endpoint with 90 confidence. A planned variability assessment by an independent Interim Analysis Review Committee was completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 when 67 of target enrollment was achieved to assess the adequacy of the overall sample size relative to achieving trial objectives and to allow for potential sample size adjustment (up to a pre-specified maximum of 528 patients) if needed. This variability assessment confirmed a total target enrollment of 500 patients in TEMPO-3, which was within our anticipated enrollment range. We expect data from this trial in mid-year 2024. 
 TEMPO-4: Open-Label Extension Trial 
 Patients who complete any of the three Phase 3 trials will have the option to be rolled into TEMPO-4, a 58-week open-label extension trial, which will also be open to patients who did not participate in any of the Phase 3 trials. This trial is designed to provide sufficient safety data to support potential registration, including enough patients with completed six-month and 12-month treatment durations to meet the requirements for long-term safety evaluation of chronic use products at the time of an NDA submission. Based on our enrollment estimates for the Phase 3 program and the safety database required to support an NDA filing, we expect the open-label extension trial will remain ongoing at the time of NDA submission. In addition to supporting the NDA package, this open-label extension trial will allow us to collect additional long-term data on efficacy and side-effect profile to further inform how physicians might use tavapadon in the treatment paradigm. 
 CVL-871 
 CVL-871 is a selective partial agonist of the dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes specifically designed to achieve a modest level of partial agonism, which we believe may be useful in modulating the complex neural networks that govern cognition, motivation and behavior. Dopamine acting on D1/D5 receptor subtypes in the cortex and midbrain plays a key role in the finely-tuned and dynamic neural network that modulates cognitive function, reward-processing and decision-making. In patients with Parkinson s, we have observed that improving motor symptoms requires higher levels of partial agonism to offset the large losses in dopaminergic neurons in the motor cortex. In contrast, dementia patients require a more finely-tuned modulation of the neural networks that govern cognition, motivation and behavior to normalize the dynamic range. As such, we have designed CVL-871 to have a lower level of partial agonism than tavapadon. The hypothesis for using D1/D5 receptor subtype partial agonism to treat dementia-related apathy is informed by clinical trials of other compounds where increases in dopamine activity resulted in a statistically significant improvement on apathy scales. We believe CVL-871 may possess an optimal profile to target this new indication due to the degree to which it activates relevant dopamine circuits within the brain and its favorable clinical tolerability profile observed to date. We are currently conducting an exploratory Phase 2a dose-ranging trial in dementia-related apathy. Due to slower-than-expected enrollment, data is now expected for this trial in the second half of 2024. 
 41 

Apathy Background 
 Apathy is among the most common neuropsychiatric co-morbidities associated with dementia, afflicting almost 50 of the over 50 million dementia patients globally. Apathy represents a constellation of symptoms, such as social disengagement, diminished initiative and interest and loss of emotion, that result in impaired decision making, lack of empathy, affection or concern, loss of interest in personal wellbeing, relationships or external issues, inability to initiate and maintain normal activities, and interference with complex and basic daily functions, including motivation to eat, dress, maintain personal hygiene, and take medications. The presence of apathy has been shown to be related to decreased quality of life, increased morbidity and mortality, along with early institutionalization and greater resource utilization resulting from increased caregiver burden. In addition, apathy is associated with an increased risk developing dementia and disease progression. Therefore, the management of apathy is an important component in caring for patients with dementia. 
 While clinicians, patients and caregivers have been challenged by this symptom, there are no currently approved therapies for dementia-related apathy. The FDA has demonstrated interest in development of a therapy for this indication and we are interacting with the agency to define the regulatory requirements and clinical development plan to achieve this novel indication. Pharmacologic treatment of patients is comprised primarily of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, SSRIs and psychostimulants such as methylphenidate. Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, such as donepezil and rivastigmine, which are typically prescribed for Alzheimer s patients to improve cognition, have shown no proven effects on apathy in clinical trials. Though patients are sometimes prescribed SSRIs and antidepressants, use of these medications for apathy treatment in dementia is not supported by clinical evidence and the latest evidence suggests they may actually contribute to worsening symptoms. 
 Conscious goal-directed behavior is mediated by the mesolimbic dopamine pathway. D1 receptors in non-motor brain regions are believed to modulate cognition, reward and decision-making. The hypothesis for using D1/D5 receptor subtype agonism in this indication is informed by clinical trials of other dopamine-potentiating compounds where increases in dopamine activity resulted in a statistically significant improvement on apathy scales. For example, in a 60-patient clinical trial evaluating methylphenidate, a stimulant associated with increased dopamine levels, neuropsychiatric inventory apathy scores were improved by 1.8 points versus placebo at week six (p=0.002). These results imply a 63 reduction from the baseline score for methylphenidate versus a 33 reduction for placebo. The principal investigator of this trial indicated that these effects appear large enough to be of significance to clinical practice. Based on additional discussions with clinicians, we believe an improvement of this magnitude would be clinically meaningful. Methylphenidate is a Schedule II controlled substance, stimulant medication used for the treatment of ADHD that has well-established side effects, including serious impacts on cardiovascular function, appetite and sleep. 
 Our Solution CVL-871 
 CVL-871 is a selective partial agonist of the dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes that we are developing for the treatment of dementia-related apathy. Key differentiating features of CVL-871 include: 
 1. Mechanism of action D1/D5 receptor subtype selectivity: CVL-871 has been designed to selectively target dopamine D1/D5 receptor subtypes in order to treat motivational impairment without driving the somnolent, hallucinatory or impulse control effects mechanistically associated with the activation of D2/D3 receptor subtypes. 

2. Receptor pharmacology partial agonist: CVL-871 is an orally bioavailable, brain-penetrant small molecule with a 24-hour half-life. Both CVL-871 and tavapadon are designed as partial agonists to the D1/D5 receptors to a lesser extent than the natural ligand dopamine. CVL-871 has a reduced level of activation compared to tavapadon, which we believe facilitates optimal activation of D1/D5 receptor subtypes in brain regions that control motivation and reward. These neural networks require more finely-tuned modulation to normalize the dynamic range, and the reduced partial agonism of CVL-871 is designed to restore, but not exceed, the optimal level of stimulation that is thought to be most associated with cognition and apathy. CVL-871 s reduced partial agonism is illustrated below, as compared to tavapadon and a full agonist. 

42 

3. Clinical and preclinical evaluation: CVL-871 has been tested in a total of 58 subjects, including healthy volunteers in a Phase 1 single and MAD trial and Parkinson s patients in a seven-day Phase 1 trial. These trials have demonstrated evidence of CNS activity and provided clinical data that support the targeted lower partial agonism of CVL-871 relative to tavapadon. Preclinical studies showed activity in models of motor function as well as cortical function linked to increased D1 activation. Preclinical safety and toxicology studies of up to 26 weeks in duration have been completed and data to date supports the dosing duration in our ongoing Phase 2a trial. 

We believe CVL-871 could possess the optimal profile amongst D1/D5 receptor agonists to target hypothesized dopaminergic deficits in D1-mediated neural circuits related to motivation and reward processing, and clinical research suggests increased dopamine receptor activation may have a role in the treatment of dementia-related apathy. 
 Clinical Trials 
 Two Phase 1 trials of CVL-871 have been completed in a total of 58 subjects, including both healthy volunteers and Parkinson s patients. In these trials, CVL-871 was observed to be generally well tolerated. Evidence of moderate improvement in motor symptoms, a measure of biological activity, was also observed, along with a PK profile that supports the potential for once-daily dosing. Consistent with CVL-871 s lower partial agonism, these studies showed a difference compared to tavapadon, including improved tolerability in healthy volunteers and a more modest magnitude of motor benefit in patients with Parkinson s. Based on these findings, we are conducting an exploratory Phase 2a trial of CVL-871 in dementia-related apathy. Due to slower-than-expected enrollment, data is now expected for this trial in the second half of 2024. 
 Ongoing Exploratory Phase 2a Clinical Trial 
 We are conducting an exploratory Phase 2a, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, 12-week, dose-ranging trial. The objective of the trial is to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and PD of two fixed doses of CVL-871 in male and female subjects aged 50 to 85 years who have clinically significant apathy and a diagnosis of mild to moderate dementia (inclusive of possible/probable Alzheimer s disease dementia, possible/probable dementia with Lewy bodies, frontotemporal dementia or vascular dementia). The trial will include a four-week screening period, a 12-week treatment period, and a four-week safety follow-up period. Up to 75 subjects will be enrolled and randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to three treatment groups: 1 mg QD of CVL-871, 3 mg QD of CVL-871 or placebo, as shown in the figure below. 
 
 43 

Several clinical assessments will be utilized to measure change in apathy severity during treatment, and these assessments will be evaluated as potential primary endpoint measures for late-stage trials. These include the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) apathy domain, the Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Clinician (NPI-C) apathy domain, the Dementia Apathy Interview and Rating (DAIR), and the Apathy Evaluation Scale-Clinician (AES-C). The NPI will also be used to assess changes in other neuropsychiatric symptoms. In addition, several measures will be utilized to assess changes in cognition, function (e.g. activities of basic living, and cognitive, functional, and behavioral performance), and caregiver burden. Due to slower-than-expected enrollment, data is now expected for this trial in the second half of 2024. 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 For more information about additional prior clinical trials and preclinical studies of CVL-871, please see pages 48 to 49 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our Other Programs 
 CVL-354 
 CVL-354 is a KORA for the treatment of MDD and substance use disorder. Kappa opioid receptors, or KORs, are G-protein coupled receptors that are expressed throughout the CNS, but particularly in circuits linked to motivation and anxiety. KOR activation is associated with neural networks linked to stress, depression and anxiety. In substance use disorder specifically, our goal is to reduce the physical symptoms and anxiety associated with withdrawal and thereby help patients recovering from addiction to maintain abstinence. CVL-354 is a high potency KORA and is highly selective for KOR over the mu opioid receptor, or MOR. Notably, CVL-354 has no agonist activity at the MOR. CVL-354 has shown robust activity in preclinical animal models. Our preclinical safety package to date demonstrated appropriate margins to interrogate a range of receptor occupancies to support the indications of interest. We are currently conducting a Phase 1 SAD and MAD trial of CVL-354 in healthy volunteers and plan to conduct a Phase 1 PET receptor occupancy trial of CVL-354 in healthy volunteers. 
 PDE4 Inhibitor Program 
 We are also advancing a selective PDE4 inhibitor (PDE4D-sparing) program for the treatment of psychiatric, neuroinflammatory and other disorders. Non-selective PDE4 inhibitors, including rolipram, have been reported to have shown antidepressant, antipsychotic, pro-cognitive and anti-inflammatory activity. However, gastrointestinal side effects such as nausea and emesis have been dose-limiting in all PDE4 inhibitors tested in clinical trials to date. The gastrointestinal side effects that have hindered development for non-selective PDE4 inhibitors are widely believed to be more specifically linked to inhibition of the PDE4D subtype. Our PDE4 inhibitors are designed to be more selective for PDE4A, PDE4B and PDE4C over PDE4D and has demonstrated promising overall preclinical properties. This has resulted in a reduced emetic response to treatment in non-human primate models, suggesting the potential for our selective PDE4 inhibitors to deliver the benefits of PDE4 inhibition while minimizing the gastrointestinal side effects linked to PDE4D inhibition. To our knowledge, there are no other highly brain-penetrant and PDE4D-sparing inhibitors currently in development for CNS diseases. Our selective PDE4 inhibitors have demonstrated antipsychotic activity in several preclinical assays, including the pre-pulse inhibition and conditioned avoidance response models. We believe PDE4 
 44 

inhibition has the potential to treat a variety of psychiatric, neuroinflammatory and other disorders, including schizophrenia, MDD and progressive multiple sclerosis. 
 M4 Agonist Program 
 We are also expanding our M4 franchise with additional product candidates that have pharmacology tailored to specific indications. Based on early preclinical evidence and strong biological rationale, we are evaluating highly-selective M4 full and partial agonists for potential use in psychiatric and neurological indications. We are currently in the process of identifying and advancing a lead candidate for this program. 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 For more information about CVL-354, our PDE4 inhibitor program and our M4 agonist program, please see pages 54 to 56 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Early Pipeline Target and Lead Identification Strategy 
 Our approach for target identification focuses on neuroscience targets with the highest levels of biological validation, as demonstrated through human pharmacological activity, our understanding of human disease biology and causal genetic association to disease. Through prioritizing a combination of both target tractability and target validation, we believe that we can more efficiently focus our early discovery efforts and resources on high probability of success opportunities that are the most likely to achieve clinical proof of concept, and ultimately, drug approval. Within our labs, we will leverage human genome sequencing and cutting-edge technologies such as genetically engineered brain organoids to identify causal relationships among single nucleotide polymorphs in idiopathic disease populations to identify novel associations between genetic pathways and disease. To date, we have successfully identified new targets that demonstrate gene dosage effects on disease phenotypes, including a pharmaceutically tractable gene that can both accelerate and reduce alpha-synuclein accumulation. Based on these data, we believe that we have the opportunity to identify compounds for use in modifying Parkinson s through modulation of alpha-synuclein levels to potentially prevent or slow the advancement of the disease. Additionally, based upon human genetics, prior clinical trials and pharmacology studies, we have identified early targets across a number of other neurodegenerative and psychiatric diseases. 
 Our model for lead identification follows a philosophy of looking broadly to identify the most tractable chemical matter as a starting point for creating future clinical development compounds, and ultimately, approved drugs. The largest pharmaceutical companies manage internal chemical compound libraries of two to three million structures from an estimated 10 60 total possible chemical structures. These internal chemical libraries are skewed towards classes of protein targets that have been the focus of earlier programs, creating a chemical structure bias in the libraries that are represented in each individual company s compound library. Our technology-enabled approach for lead identification of chemical matter leverages new technologies to not only screen a much larger selection of chemical structures, but also to sample it in an unbiased manner. For example, current DNA-encoded libraries, or DELs, range from 50 to 100 billion chemical structures and are built randomly without bias. Each compound within a DEL is ligated to a unique DNA sequence that serves as a barcode for identifying the chemical structure of compounds of interest after a successful binding structure has been identified. This DNA barcode approach also allows for pooled screening of massive compound libraries, ultimately leading to what we believe is a more efficient process to identify structural epitopes of chemical leads that are designed to advance into more intensive screening assays in a shorter timeframe than single compound screening approaches. 
 In addition to wet lab technologies, we are also coupling our DEL approaches with artificial intelligence, or AI, assisted drug design. AI-based in silico drug design has made dramatic progress over the past several years in areas such as deep learning and generative adversarial network methods that have created an entirely virtual approach to designing potent and selective small molecules based upon predicted crystal structure of protein targets and potential small molecule epitope interactions. These AI-based drug design systems are trained on chemical binding and drug-target interactions to rapidly generate unique chemical matter for synthesis and testing. Reiterative refinement can generate novel chemical leads. Through a combination of unique starting material identified via DEL screening and refined design via AI, unique chemical leads can be efficiently generated, providing us with an advantage in compound optimization with the greatest likelihood of creating novel intellectual property. By combining these approaches for the identification of lead chemical structures, we can focus our research investment on higher value data generation for lead optimization. 
 Our internal research laboratories include capabilities aimed at discovering receptor-selective molecules with carefully designed pharmacological activity. We leverage in vitro and in vivo characterization to develop molecules that may be able to normalize neurocircuitry in neuroscience disease and minimize potential for side effects. We evaluate advanced chemical leads in house using both physiological and behavioral approaches to characterize their neural activity at the level of the intact CNS in model organisms. 
 45 

Manufacturing and Supply 
 We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently source all of our preclinical and clinical supply through third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs. 
 For clinical supply, we use CMOs who act in accordance with the FDA s good laboratory practices, or GLP, and current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, for the manufacture of drug substance and product. We expect to rely on third parties for our manufacturing processes and the production of all clinical supply drug substance and drug product. We use additional contract manufacturers to fill, label, package, store and distribute investigational drug products. It is our intent to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, and fill-and-finish services prior to submission of an NDA to the FDA for any product candidates that complete clinical development. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. While we believe our product candidates, approach, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies as well as public and private research institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with approved treatment options, including off-label therapies, and new therapies that may become available in the future. 
 Our competitors may have significantly greater financial resources, established presence in the market and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical and clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals and reimbursement and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of competitors. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly or earlier than us, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates against competitors. 
 Schizophrenia 
 We are developing emraclidine for the treatment of schizophrenia. While there remains significant unmet need in schizophrenia, we may face competition from second-generation atypical antipsychotic treatments that work primarily by inhibiting D2 receptors as their primary mechanism of action. These drugs include: Abilify and Abilify Maintena, marketed by Otsuka Holdings; Invega Trinza and Invega Sustenna, marketed by Johnson Johnson; Aristada, marketed by Alkermes; Zyprexa, marketed by Eli Lilly; Vraylar, marketed by AbbVie (formerly Allergan); Caplyta, marketed by Intra-Cellular Therapies; and Latuda, marketed by Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. 
 Additionally, we are aware of several product candidates in clinical development that are designed to modulate dopamine, serotonin and/or muscarinic receptors, including product candidates being developed by Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, Minerva Neurosciences, Neurocrine Biosciences and Karuna Therapeutics. 
 Epilepsy 
 We are developing darigabat for the treatment of epilepsy. Darigabat may face competition from a variety of ASMs, including currently marketed therapies such as XCOPRI (cenobamate), which was developed by SK Life Sciences and was approved by the FDA in November 2019. Additionally, there are next-generation therapies in development, such as XEN1101 being developed by Xenon Pharmaceuticals and NBI-921352 (formerly known as XEN901) being developed by Neurocrine Biosciences. 
 We may also face competition from other companies developing next-generation GABA A receptor modulators such as Engrail Therapeutics and Avenue Therapeutics. There are also several therapies that are either marketed or in development targeting rarer forms of epilepsy such as Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, CDKL5 deficiency disorder and Dravet syndrome that could have efficacy in broader epileptic populations, including fenfluramine from UCB (formerly Zogenix), ganaxalone from Marinus Pharmaceuticals and cannabinoid-based therapies from Jazz Pharmaceuticals (formerly GW Pharmaceuticals). 
 Parkinson s Disease 
 We are developing tavapadon for the treatment of early- and late-stage Parkinson s. We may face competition from currently available treatments for both stages of disease, such as L-dopa, D2/D3-preferring agonists and MAO-B inhibitors as monotherapy or in combination, as well as deep brain stimulation devices by Medtronic Inc. and St. Jude Medical Inc., among others, for the later stages of disease. Additionally, we are aware of several potential symptomatic and disease-modifying therapeutics being developed by 
 46 

other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including Denali Therapeutics, Prothena, Roche, Voyager Therapeutics, Prevail Therapeutics, Sage Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences, Eli Lilly and AstraZeneca, that are in various stages of clinical development. These companies are employing a variety of therapeutic modalities, including gene therapy and gene editing, in addition to small molecule chemistry, to address Parkinson s. 
 Pfizer License Agreement 
 In August 2018, we entered into the Pfizer License Agreement pursuant to which we were granted an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain Pfizer patent rights, and a non-exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain Pfizer know-how, to develop, manufacture and commercialize certain compounds and products, which currently constitute the product candidates included in the table in the section entitled Our Pipeline, in the field of treatment, prevention, diagnosis, control and maintenance of all diseases and disorders in humans, subject to the terms and conditions of the Pfizer License Agreement. The license excludes the field of treatment, prevention, diagnosis, control and maintenance of inflammatory bowel diseases and disorders in humans by compounds or products exerting a therapeutic effect on the LRRK2 target, which is retained by Pfizer. Under the terms of the Pfizer License Agreement, Pfizer is granted a non-exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide license under intellectual property we develop during the term of the agreement for all purposes in the LRRK2 field retained by Pfizer. Additionally, Pfizer has an exclusive right of first negotiation in the event that we seek to enter into any significant transaction with a third party with respect to a product either globally or in certain designated countries. Significant transactions include exclusive licenses, assignments, sales, exclusive co-promotion arrangements, and other transfers of all commercial rights to a product globally or in certain designated countries, as well as exclusive distribution agreements globally or in certain designated countries. 
 Under the Pfizer License Agreement, we are solely responsible for the development, manufacture, regulatory approval and commercialization of compounds and products in the field. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for a product that contains or incorporates one of certain scheduled compounds to exert a therapeutic effect on certain targets, in each of the following countries: United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, China, Japan and the United States, each a major market country. We are also required to use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize each such product, if approved, in each major market country in which regulatory approval for such product has been obtained. The Pfizer License Agreement requires Pfizer to transfer certain know-how and data, regulatory filings and materials, inventory, and other materials, records and documents, and provide certain other transitional support and assistance which has been and is expected to be immaterial, to us to facilitate our development, manufacture and commercialization of compounds and products in the field. 
 As partial consideration for the licensed assets, we issued to Pfizer 3,833,333.33 shares of Old Cerevel Series A-2 Preferred Stock with an estimated fair value of 100.4 million or 26.20 per share. We also reimbursed Pfizer for 11.0 million of direct expenses related to the Pfizer License Agreement, bringing the total initial consideration to 111.4 million. 
 Under the terms of the Pfizer License Agreement, we are also required to make regulatory approval milestone payments to Pfizer, ranging from 7.5 million to 40.0 million on a compound-by-compound basis, upon the first regulatory approval in the United States for the first product containing or comprised of a given compound, with the amount of the payments determined by which designated group the compound falls into and with each such group generally characterized by the compounds stage of development. Each such regulatory approval milestone is payable only once per compound. If all of our product candidates included in the table in the section entitled Our Pipeline are approved in the United States, the total aggregate amount of such regulatory approval milestones payable to Pfizer would be approximately 190.0 million. 
 In addition, we are required to pay Pfizer commercial milestone payments up to an aggregate of 170.0 million per product when aggregate net sales of products under the Pfizer License Agreement in a calendar year first reach various thresholds ranging from 500.0 million to 2.0 billion. Each commercial milestone payment is payable only once upon first achievement of the applicable commercial milestone. If all of our product candidates included in the table in the section entitled Our Pipeline achieve all of the commercial milestones, the total aggregate amount of such commercial milestones payable to Pfizer would total approximately 1.4 billion. 
 We are also required to pay Pfizer tiered royalties on the aggregate net sales during each calendar year, determined on a product-by-product basis with respect to products under the Pfizer License Agreement, at percentages ranging from the low-single digits to mid-teens, with the royalty rate determined by which designated group the applicable compound for such product falls into and with each such group generally characterized by the compounds stage of development, and subject to certain royalty deductions for the expiration of patent, regulatory and data exclusivity, generic competition and third-party royalty payments as set forth in the Pfizer License Agreement. The royalty term expires, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, on the later of (1) expiration of all regulatory or data exclusivity for such product in such country, (2) the date upon which the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of such product in such country would no longer infringe, but for the license granted in the Pfizer License Agreement, a valid claim of the licensed patents and (3) 12 years following the first commercial sale of such product in such country. 
 47 

Pfizer can terminate the Pfizer License Agreement in its entirety upon our material breach, subject to specified notice and cure provisions. However, if such material breach is with respect to one or more, but not all, products, targets or countries, Pfizer s right to terminate is only with respect to such products, targets or countries. Either party may terminate the Pfizer License Agreement in its entirety upon event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding of the other party or a force majeure event that prohibits the other party from performing for a period of time. Absent early termination, the term of the Pfizer License Agreement will continue on a country-by-country basis and product-by-product basis, until the expiration of the royalty term for the country and the product. Upon Pfizer s termination of the Pfizer License Agreement for our material breach or either party s termination for bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding or force majeure, we would grant Pfizer an exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license under certain intellectual property we develop during the term of the Pfizer License Agreement. In addition, we would negotiate a transition plan with Pfizer that would address, among other things, the transfer of know-how and data, regulatory approvals and filings and materials, inventory and other materials, records and documents, and the provision of certain other transitional support and assistance for the terminated products, targets or countries. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We strive to protect the proprietary technologies that we believe are important to our business, including pursuing and maintaining patent protection intended to cover our product candidates and their methods of use, as well as other inventions that are important to our business. In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that we do not consider appropriate for patent protection. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for commercially important technologies, inventions and know-how related to our business, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, particularly our patent rights, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets and operate without infringing valid and enforceable intellectual property rights of others. 
 The patent positions for biotechnology companies like us are generally uncertain and can involve complex legal, scientific and factual issues. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before a patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted and even challenged after issuance. As a result, we cannot guarantee that any of our platform technologies and product candidates will receive protection from or remain protected by enforceable patents. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient proprietary protection from competitors. Any patents that we hold may be challenged, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. 
 Patents 
 Shortly after our formation in July 2018, we entered into the Pfizer License Agreement, pursuant to which we acquired exclusive worldwide rights under Pfizer patents, patent applications and know-how to develop, manufacture and commercialize our current product candidates. 
 We have exclusive licenses under the Pfizer License Agreement to patent rights in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions relating to our product candidates. As of December 31, 2022, the patent rights in-licensed under the Pfizer License Agreement include: 
 For our dopamine D1 agonists, our portfolio includes eight patent families directed to various dopamine D1 agonists, compositions of matter and methods of treating dopamine D1-associated disorders, including schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, cognitive impairment, Parkinson s disease, Alzheimer s disease and dementia. Across these eight patent families, the portfolio includes 19 granted patents in the United States and 68 patents granted in foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, Japan, China or validated in various member states of the European Patent Office. Additionally, three patent applications have been allowed or are pending in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. A subset of the patents and patent applications in our dopamine D1 agonist portfolio relate to either or both tavapadon and CVL-871. For tavapadon, the applicable patents and pending patent applications are directed to tavapadon, compositions of matter and certain methods of treatment, including methods of treating Parkinson s disease and apathy in Alzheimer s disease, and, excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions, have a statutory expiration date in 2034. For CVL-871, the applicable patents and pending patent applications are directed to CVL-871, compositions of matter and certain methods of treatment, including methods of treating Alzheimer s disease, dementia and cognitive impairment, and, excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions, have a statutory expiration date in 2034. 

For our GABA A receptor modulators, our portfolio includes three patent families directed to various GABA A receptor modulators, compositions of matter and methods of treating GABA A receptor-associated diseases or disorders, including pain, epilepsy and anxiety. Across these three families, the portfolio includes three granted patents in the United States and 43 patents granted in foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, China, Japan or validated in various member states of the European Patent Office. A subset of the patents and patent applications in our GABA A receptor modulator portfolio relate 

48 

to darigabat. For darigabat, the applicable patents and pending patent applications are directed to darigabat, compositions of matter and methods of treating various conditions, including pain, epilepsy and anxiety, and, excluding any patent term extensions, have a statutory expiration date in 2033. 

For our muscarinic M4 positive allosteric modulators, our portfolio includes two patent families directed to various M4 PAMs, compositions of matter and methods of treating M4 receptor subtype associated diseases or disorders, including Alzheimer s disease, schizophrenia, pain, addiction and sleep disorders. Across these two families, the portfolio includes two granted patents in the U.S. and 48 granted patents in foreign jurisdictions, including Israel, China, Japan, Mexico or validated in various member states of the European Patent Office. Additionally, one application is pending in the U.S. and 18 applications are pending in foreign jurisdictions. A subset of the patent applications in our M4 positive allosteric modulator portfolio relate to emraclidine. For emraclidine, these pending patent applications are directed to emraclidine, compositions of matter and methods of treating schizophrenia, and, excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions, have a statutory expiration date in 2037. 

For our KOR antagonists, our portfolio includes one patent family directed to various KOR antagonists, compositions of matter and methods of modulating KOR and treating neurological disorders or psychiatric disorders, such as substance abuse disorders, depressive disorders, anxiety disorders, trauma and stressor related disorders, or feeding and eating related disorders. This family includes one granted patent in the U.S. and six granted patents in foreign jurisdictions. Additionally, seven applications are allowed or pending in foreign jurisdictions. Excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions, the granted patent and any applications that may issue from this family have a statutory expiration date in 2037. 

For our muscarinic M4 agonists, our portfolio includes one patent family directed to various M4 agonists, compositions of matter and methods of treating M4 muscarinic receptor-associated diseases or disorders, including Alzheimer s disease, schizophrenia, pain, addiction, Parkinson s disease, PD-LID and sleep disorders. This family includes a granted U.S. patent, a pending U.S. application, as well as eight pending applications in foreign jurisdictions. Excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions, any patents that may issue from this family will have a statutory expiration date in 2039. 

For our PDE4B inhibitors, our portfolio includes five patent families directed to various PDE4B inhibitors, compositions of matter and methods of treating schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, Parkinson s disease, Alzheimer s disease, multiple sclerosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, inflammation, stroke, asthma, cerebral vascular disease and allergic conjunctivitis and, excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions, have statutory expiration dates in 2034, 2035, 2036 and 2037. The patent families include nine granted patents in the United States and 90 patents granted in foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, China, Japan or validated in various member states of the European Patent Office. Additionally, two patent applications are pending in the U.S. and nine patent applications are pending in foreign jurisdictions. 

See the section entitled Pfizer License Agreement for additional information on our rights under the Pfizer License Agreement. 
 Trade Secrets 
 In addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. We typically rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. We protect trade secrets and know-how by establishing confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and partners. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information developed or made known during the course of an individual or entity s relationship with us must be kept confidential during and after the relationship. These agreements also generally provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating to our business and conceived or completed during the period of employment or assignment, as applicable, shall be our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary information by third parties. 
 Trademarks 
 As of December 31, 2022, our registered trademark portfolio contained 46 registered trademarks in foreign jurisdictions, including, but not limited to, Argentina, Brazil, China, Colombia, the European Union, Japan, Mexico, the Russian Federation, Switzerland, Turkey, the United Kingdom and Venezuela. In addition, we have two registered trademarks in the U.S. Further, there are three pending trademark applications in Canada. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval 
 49 

monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 Review and Approval of Drugs in the United States 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations. The failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant and/or sponsor to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, including refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters and other types of letters, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal investigations and penalties brought by the FDA and the U.S. Department of Justice or other governmental entities. In addition, an applicant may need to recall a product. 
 An applicant seeking approval to market and distribute a new drug product in the United States must typically undertake the following: 
 completion of nonclinical, or preclinical, laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s GLP regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must take effect before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before each clinical trial may be initiated at that site; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practices, or GCPs, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each indication; 

preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA and payment of user fees; 

review of the product by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

satisfactory completion of FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity of the clinical data; 

FDA review and approval of the NDA; and 

compliance with any post-approval requirements, including risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, or REMS, and post-approval studies required by the FDA. 

Preclinical Studies 
 Before an applicant begins testing a compound in humans, the drug candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of the purity and stability of the manufactured drug substance or API and the formulated drug or drug product, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the safety and activity of the drug for initial testing in humans and to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations. Some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive AEs and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 
 The IND and IRB Processes 
 An IND is an exemption from the FDCA that allows an unapproved drug to be shipped in interstate commerce for use in an investigational clinical trial and a request for FDA authorization to administer such investigational drug to humans. Such authorization must be secured prior to interstate shipment and administration of the investigational drug. In an IND, applicants must submit a protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments. In addition, the results of the preclinical tests, manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical trials, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time, the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. The FDA also may impose a clinical hold or partial clinical hold after commencement of a clinical trial under an IND. A clinical hold is an order issued by the FDA to the sponsor to delay a proposed clinical investigation or to suspend an ongoing investigation. A partial clinical hold is a delay or suspension of only part of the clinical work requested under the IND. No more than 30 days after imposition of a 
 50 

clinical hold or partial clinical hold, the FDA will provide the sponsor a written explanation of the basis for the hold. Following issuance of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold, an investigation (or full investigation in the case of a partial clinical hold) may only resume after the FDA has notified the sponsor that the investigation may proceed. The FDA will base that determination on information provided by the sponsor correcting the deficiencies previously cited or otherwise satisfying the FDA that the investigation can proceed. 
 A sponsor may choose, but is not required, to conduct a foreign clinical trial under an IND. When a foreign clinical trial is conducted under an IND, all FDA IND requirements must be met unless waived. When the foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor must ensure that the study is conducted in accordance with GCP, including review and approval by an independent ethics committee, or IEC, and informed consent from subjects. The GCP requirements are intended to help ensure the protection of human subjects enrolled in non-IND foreign clinical trials, as well as the quality and integrity of the resulting data. FDA must also be able to validate the data from the study through an on-site inspection if necessary. 
 In addition to the foregoing IND requirements, an IRB representing each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at that institution, and the IRB must conduct continuing review of the study at least annually. The IRB must review and approve, among other things, the study protocol and informed consent information to be provided to study subjects. An IRB must operate in compliance with FDA regulations. An IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution, or an institution it represents, if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the product candidate has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 Additionally, some trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access that only the group maintains to available data from the study. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Other reasons for suspension or termination may be made by us based on evolving business objectives and/or competitive climate. 
 Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on its ClinicalTrials.gov website. 
 Human Clinical Trials in Support of an NDA 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects, or their legal representative, provide their informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the inclusion and exclusion criteria, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. 
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1 . The drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or, in certain indications such as cancer, patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness and to determine maximal dosage. 

Phase 2 . The drug is administered to a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. 

Phase 3 . The drug is administered to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product. 

Post-approval studies, often referred to as Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial regulatory approval. These studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA. In addition, within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting, IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA for any of the following: serious and unexpected suspected adverse reactions; findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the drug; and any clinically important increase in the case of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. The FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP and the integrity of the clinical data submitted. 
 51 

Concurrent with clinical trials, companies often complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, the applicant must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency of the final drug. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 Review of an NDA by the FDA 
 Assuming successful completion of required clinical testing and other requirements, the results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the drug product for one or more indications. Under federal law, the submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to a significant application user fee as well as annual prescription drug product program fees. These fees are typically increased annually. Certain exceptions and waivers are available for some of these fees. 
 The FDA conducts a preliminary review of an NDA within 60 days of its receipt, before accepting the NDA for filing, to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA has agreed to specified performance goals in the review process of NDAs. Applications for drugs containing new molecular entities are meant to be reviewed within 10 months from the date of filing, and applications for priority review products containing new molecular entities are meant to be reviewed within six months of filing. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information or clarification provided by the applicant to address an outstanding deficiency identified by the FDA following the original submission. 
 During its review of an NDA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is or will be manufactured. These pre-approval inspections may cover all facilities associated with an NDA, including drug component manufacturing (such as APIs), finished drug product manufacturing, and control testing laboratories. The FDA will not approve an NDA unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. 
 In addition, as a condition of approval, the FDA may require an applicant to develop a REMS. REMS use risk minimization strategies beyond the professional labeling to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. To determine whether a REMS is needed, the FDA will consider the size of the population likely to use the product, seriousness of the disease, expected benefit of the product, expected duration of treatment, seriousness of known or potential AEs, and whether the product is a new molecular entity. REMS can include medication guides, physician communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU may include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The FDA may require a REMS before approval or post-approval if it becomes aware of a serious risk associated with use of the product. 
 The FDA is required to refer an application for a novel drug to an advisory committee or explain why such referral was not made. Typically, an advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, that reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy, and Priority Review 
 The FDA has a number of programs intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new drugs if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. Three of these programs are referred to as Fast Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, and priority review designation. 
 Specifically, the FDA may designate a product for Fast Track review if it is intended, whether alone or in combination with one or more other products, for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and it demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. For Fast Track products, sponsors may have greater interactions with the FDA and the FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track product s application before the application is complete. This rolling review may be available if the FDA determines, after preliminary evaluation of clinical data submitted by the sponsor, that a Fast Track product may be effective. The sponsor must also provide, and the FDA must approve, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the sponsor must pay applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing a Fast Track application does not begin until the last section of the application is submitted. In addition, the Fast Track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 
 52 

Second, a product may be designated as a Breakthrough Therapy if it is intended, either alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The FDA may take certain actions with respect to Breakthrough Therapies, including holding meetings with the sponsor throughout the development process; providing timely advice to the product sponsor regarding development and approval; involving more senior staff in the review process; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the review team; and taking other steps to design the clinical trials in an efficient manner. 
 Third, the FDA may designate an NDA review for a priority review if it is for a product that treats a serious or life- threatening disease or condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The FDA determines, on a case-by-case basis, whether the proposed product represents a significant improvement when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased effectiveness in the treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting product reaction, documented enhancement of patient compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, and evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications, and to shorten the FDA s goal for taking action on a marketing application from 10 months to six months. 
 Accelerated Approval Pathway 
 The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments based upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Products granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval. 
 For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign, or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit, but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a measurement of a therapeutic effect that is considered reasonably likely to predict the clinical benefit of a product, such as an effect on IMM. The FDA has limited experience with accelerated approvals based on intermediate clinical endpoints, but has indicated that such endpoints generally may support accelerated approval where the therapeutic effect measured by the endpoint is not itself a clinical benefit and basis for traditional approval, if there is a basis for concluding that the therapeutic effect is reasonably likely to predict the ultimate clinical benefit of a product. 
 The accelerated approval pathway is most often used in settings in which the course of a disease is long and an extended period of time is required to measure the intended clinical benefit of a product, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint occurs rapidly. 
 The accelerated approval pathway is contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. As a result, a product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022, or FDORA, the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. Sponsors are also required to send updates to the FDA every 180 days on the status of such studies, including progress toward enrollment targets, and the FDA must promptly post this information publicly. Under FDORA, the FDA has increased authority for expedited procedures to withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under accelerated approval if, for example, the sponsor fails to conduct such studies in a timely manner and send the necessary updates to the FDA, or if a confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. In addition, the FDA generally requires, unless otherwise informed by the agency, pre-approval of promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 
 The FDA s Decision on an NDA 
 On the basis of the FDA s evaluation of the NDA and accompanying information, including the results of the inspection of the manufacturing facilities and select clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may resubmit the NDA to address all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, withdraw the application, or request a hearing. If the applicant resubmits the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter only when the deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction. The FDA has committed 
 53 

to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 If the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications for use for the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess the drug s safety or effectiveness after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions or other risk management mechanisms, including REMS, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-market studies or surveillance programs. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion, reporting of adverse experiences with the product and applicable product tracking and tracing requirements. After approval, many changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are annual prescription drug product program fee requirements for certain marketed products. 
 In addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the NDA holder and any third-party manufacturers that the NDA holder may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 
 Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary product recalls; 

fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s FDA approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. 
 In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, which regulates the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level, and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. 
 54 

Hatch-Waxman Amendments 
 Section 505 of the FDCA describes three types of marketing applications that may be submitted to the FDA to request marketing authorization for a new drug. A Section 505(b)(1) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and efficacy. A 505(b)(2) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and efficacy but where at least some of the information required for approval comes from investigations that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. This regulatory pathway enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s prior findings of safety and efficacy for an existing product, or published literature, in support of its application. Section 505(j) establishes an abbreviated approval process for a generic version of approved drug products through the submission of an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a generic drug product that has the same active ingredients, dosage form, strength, route of administration, labeling, performance characteristics and intended use, among other things, to a previously approved product, known as a reference listed drug, or RLD. ANDAs are termed abbreviated because they are generally not required to include preclinical (animal) and clinical (human) data to establish safety and efficacy. Instead, generic applicants must scientifically demonstrate that their product is bioequivalent to, or performs in the same manner as, the innovator drug through in vitro , in vivo , or other testing. The generic version must deliver the same amount of active ingredients into a subject s bloodstream in the same amount of time as the innovator drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the reference listed drug. 
 Non-Patent Exclusivity 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, the FDA may not approve (or in some cases accept) an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application until any applicable period of non-patent exclusivity for the RLD has expired. The FDCA provides a period of five years of non-patent data exclusivity for a new drug containing a new chemical entity, or NCE. For the purposes of this provision, an NCE is a drug that contains no active moiety that has previously been approved by the FDA in any other NDA. An active moiety is the molecule or ion responsible for the physiological or pharmacological action of the drug substance. In cases where such NCE exclusivity has been granted, an ANDA may not be filed with the FDA until the expiration of five years unless the submission is accompanied by a Paragraph IV certification, which states the proposed generic drug will not infringe one or more of the already approved product s listed patents or that such patents are invalid or unenforceable, in which case the applicant may submit its application four years following the original product approval. 
 The FDCA also provides for a period of three years of exclusivity for non-NCE drugs if the NDA or a supplement to the NDA includes reports of one or more new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability or bioequivalence studies, that were conducted by or for the applicant and are essential to the approval of the application or supplement. This three-year exclusivity period often protects changes to a previously approved drug product, such as a new dosage form, route of administration, combination or indication, but it generally would not protect the original, unmodified product from generic competition. Unlike five-year NCE exclusivity, an award of three-year exclusivity does not block the FDA from accepting ANDAs seeking approval for generic versions of the drug as of the date of approval of the original drug product; it only prevents FDA from approving such ANDAs. 
 Hatch-Waxman Patent Certification and the 30-Month Stay 
 In seeking approval of an NDA or a supplement thereto, NDA sponsors are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the applicant s product or an approved method of using the product. Upon approval, each of the patents listed by the NDA sponsor is published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Upon submission of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA, an applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the RLD in the Orange Book that: 
 no patent information on the drug product that is the subject of the application has been submitted to the FDA; 

such patent has expired; 

the date on which such patent expires; or 

such patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed upon by the manufacture, use, or sale of the drug product for which the application is submitted. 

Generally, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA cannot be approved until all listed patents have expired, except where the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant challenges a listed patent through the last type of certification, also known as a paragraph IV certification. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents or indicates that it is not seeking approval of a patented method of use, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA application will not be approved until all of the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. If the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant has provided a paragraph IV certification the applicant must send notice of the paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the application has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the paragraph IV certification. If the paragraph IV certification is challenged by an NDA holder or the patent owner(s) asserts a patent challenge to the paragraph IV certification, the 
 55 

FDA may not approve that application until the earlier of 30 months from the receipt of the notice of the paragraph IV certification, the expiration of the patent, when the infringement case concerning each such patent was favorably decided in the applicant s favor or settled, or such shorter or longer period as may be ordered by a court. This prohibition is generally referred to as the 30-month stay. In instances where an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant files a paragraph IV certification, the NDA holder or patent owner(s) regularly take action to trigger the 30-month stay, recognizing that the related patent litigation may take many months or years to resolve. Thus, approval of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA could be delayed for a significant period of time depending on the patent certification the applicant makes and the reference drug sponsor s decision to initiate patent litigation. If the drug has NCE exclusivity and the ANDA is submitted four years after approval, the 30-month stay is extended so that it expires seven and a half years after approval of the innovator drug, unless the patent expires or there is a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant before then. 
 Patent Term Restoration and Extension 
 A patent claiming a new drug product may be eligible for a limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, which permits a patent term restoration of up to five years for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review. The restoration period granted is typically one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the ultimate approval date, provided the sponsor acted with diligence. Patent term restoration cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent past a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug product is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent in question and within 60 days of drug approval. A patent that covers multiple drugs for which approval is sought can only be extended in connection with one of the approvals. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration in consultation with the FDA. 
 Review and Approval of Medicinal Products in the European Union 
 In order to market any product outside of the United States, a company must also comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of products. Whether or not it obtains FDA approval for a product, an applicant will need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries or jurisdictions. Specifically, the process governing approval of medicinal products in the European Union generally follows similar lines as in the United States. It entails satisfactory completion of preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for each proposed indication. It also requires the submission to the relevant competent authorities of a marketing authorization application, or MAA, and granting of a marketing authorization by these authorities before the product can be marketed and sold in the European Union. 
 Clinical Trial Approval 
 In the European Union, an applicant for authorization of a clinical trial must obtain prior approval from the national competent authority of the EU Member States in which the clinical trial is to be conducted. Furthermore, the applicant may only start a clinical trial at a specific study site after the relevant independent ethics committee has issued a favorable opinion. In April 2014, the new Clinical Trials Regulation, (EU) No 536/2014, or the Clinical Trials Regulation, was adopted in the European Union. The Clinical Trials Regulation is directly applicable in all the EU Member States and repealed the current Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC, as of January 31, 2022. 
 The new Clinical Trials Regulation aims to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the European Union. The main characteristics of the regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via a single entry point, the Clinical Trials Information System a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application, as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts. Part I is assessed by an elected Reference Member State, with support of the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted, or the Member States Concerned. Part II is assessed separately by each Member State Concerned. Strict deadlines have been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. The role of the relevant ethics committees in the assessment procedure will continue to be governed by the national law of the concerned EU Member State, however, overall related timelines will be defined by the Clinical Trials Regulation. 
 Marketing Authorization 
 To obtain a marketing authorization for a product in the European Union, an applicant must submit an MAA either under a centralized procedure administered by the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or one of the procedures administered by competent authorities in the EU Member States (decentralized procedure or mutual recognition procedure) for obtaining marketing authorization 
 56 

in multiple EU Member States. A marketing authorization may be granted only to an applicant established in the European Economic Area, or EEA (which is comprised of the EU Member States plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). 
 The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission that is valid throughout the EEA. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for medicines produced by certain biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy medicinal products (gene therapy, somatic cell therapy and tissue-engineered products) and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, including products for the treatment of HIV or AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients in the EU, the centralized procedure may be optional. 
 Under the centralized procedure, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or the CHMP, established at the EMA is responsible for conducting the initial assessment of a product. The CHMP is also responsible for several post-authorization and maintenance activities, such as the assessment of modifications or extensions to an existing marketing authorization. Under the centralized procedure, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional information or written or oral explanation is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. Clock stops may extend the timeframe of evaluation of an MAA considerably beyond 210 days. Accelerated evaluation might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is of major interest from a public health perspective and in particular from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts such request, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days, excluding clock stops, but it is possible that the CHMP can revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. At the end of this period, the CHMP provides a scientific opinion on whether or not a marketing authorization should be granted in relation to a medicinal product. Within 67 days from the date of the CHMP opinion, the European Commission will adopt its final decision on the MAA. 
 Now that the United Kingdom (which comprises Great Britain and Northern Ireland) has left the European Union, Great Britain is no longer covered by centralized marketing authorizations (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, centralized marketing authorizations continue to be recognized in Northern Ireland). All medicinal products with an existing EU centralized marketing authorization were automatically converted to Great Britain marketing authorizations on January 1, 2021. Until December 31, 2023, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA, the United Kingdom medicines regulator, may rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the approval of a new marketing authorization in the centralized procedure, in order to more quickly grant a new Great Britain marketing authorization. A separate application will, however, still be required. For additional information related to the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom, please refer to the discussion below under the section entitled Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom . 
 The decentralized marketing authorization procedure allows an applicant to apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one EU Member State of medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any EU Member State and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. This application is identical to the application that would be submitted to the EMA for authorization through the centralized procedure. The Reference Member State prepares a draft assessment and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid application. The resulting assessment report is submitted to the Concerned Member States who, within 90 days of receipt, must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials. If a Concerned Member State cannot approve the assessment report and related materials due to concerns relating to a potential serious risk to public health, disputed elements may be referred to the European Commission, whose decision is binding on all Member States. 
 The mutual recognition procedure is based on the acceptance by the competent authorities of the EU Member States of the marketing authorization of a medicinal product by the competent authorities of another EU Member State. The holder of a national marketing authorization may submit an application to the competent authority of an EU Member State requesting that this authority recognize the marketing authorization delivered by the competent authority of another EU Member State. 
 Pediatric Development 
 Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 provides that prior to obtaining a marketing authorization in the European Union, applicants have to demonstrate compliance with all measures included in an EMA-approved Pediatric Investigation Plan, or PIP, covering all subsets of the pediatric population, unless the EMA has granted (1) a product-specific waiver, (2) a class waiver or (3) a deferral for one or more of the measures included in the PIP. The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the drug for which marketing authorization is being sought. Products that are granted a marketing authorization with the results of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance with the PIP are eligible for a six-month extension of the protection under a supplementary protection certificate, or SPC, provided an application for such extension is made at the same time as filing the SPC application for the product, or at any point up to two years before the SPC expires, even where the trial results are negative. In the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of the orphan market exclusivity may be available. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. 
 57 

Data and Market Exclusivity 
 In the European Union, innovative medicinal products approved on the basis of a complete and independent data package qualify for eight years of data exclusivity upon marketing authorization and an additional two years of market exclusivity pursuant to Directive 2001/83/EC. Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 repeats this entitlement for medicinal products authorized through the centralized authorization procedure. Data exclusivity prevents applicants for authorization of generics or biosimilars of these innovative products from referencing the innovator s preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar (abbreviated) marketing authorization, for a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the European Union. During an additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic or biosimilar MAA can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic or biosimilar medicinal product can be placed on the EU market until the expiration of the market exclusivity. The overall 10-year period will be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those 10 years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. There is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EMA to be an innovative medicinal product, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. Even if a product is considered to be an innovative medicinal product so that the innovator gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the product if such company obtained marketing authorization based on an MAA with a complete and independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials. 
 Periods of Authorization and Renewals 
 A marketing authorization has an initial validity of five years. The marketing authorization may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the relevant EU Member State for a nationally authorized product. To this end, the marketing authorization holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the file in respect of quality, safety and efficacy, including all variations introduced since the marketing authorization was granted, at least nine months before the marketing authorization ceases to be valid. Once renewed, the marketing authorization is valid for an unlimited period, unless the European Commission or the competent authorities of the relevant Member States decide, on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five year renewal period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the EU market (for centrally-authorized products) or on the market of the authorizing EU Member State (for nationally-authorized products) within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause ). 
 Regulatory Requirements after a Marketing Authorization has been Obtained 
 Where an authorization for a medicinal product in the European Union is obtained, the holder of the marketing authorization is required to comply with a range of requirements applicable to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. These include: 
 Compliance with the European Union s stringent pharmacovigilance or safety reporting rules must be ensured. These rules can impose post-authorization studies and additional monitoring obligations. 

The manufacturing of authorized medicinal products, for which a separate manufacturer s license is mandatory, must also be conducted in strict compliance with the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including Directive 2001/83/EC, Directive 2003/94/EC, Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 and the European Commission Guidelines for Good Manufacturing Practice. These requirements include compliance with EU cGMP standards when manufacturing medicinal products and APIs, including the manufacture of APIs outside of the European Union with the intention to import the APIs into the European Union. 

The marketing and promotion of authorized drugs, including industry-sponsored continuing medical education and advertising directed toward the prescribers of drugs and/or the general public, are strictly regulated in the European Union notably under Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended, and EU Member State laws. 

The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. 
 Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom 
 The United Kingdom ceased being a Member State of the European Union on January 31, 2020, and the European Union and the United Kingdom have concluded a trade and cooperation agreement, or TCA, which was provisionally applicable since January 1, 2021 and has been formally applicable since May 1, 2021. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, which include the mutual recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP documents issued, but does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations. At present, Great Britain has implemented EU legislation on the marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products through the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (as amended) (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the EU regulatory framework will continue to apply in Northern Ireland). 
 58 

Except in respect of the new EU Clinical Trials Regulation, the regulatory regime in Great Britain therefore aligns in many ways with current EU medicines regulations, however it is possible that these regimes will diverge more significantly in the future now that Great Britain s regulatory system is independent from the EU and the TCA does not provide for mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical legislation. 
 European Data Collection Regulation 
 For our clinical trials in the European Union, we are subject to additional privacy restrictions and data protection requirements. The collection and use of personal data, including health information, in the European Union is governed primarily by the General Data Protection Regulation, (EU) 2016/679, or GDPR. This regulation imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, notification of data breaches to the competent national data protection authorities and the security and confidentiality of the personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union to third countries, including the United States. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the European Union Member States may result in significant fines and other administrative penalties. 
 Further to Brexit, the GDPR ceased to apply in the United Kingdom on December 31, 2020. However, the UK s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR. The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the United Kingdom s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the European Union s data protection regime. The UK Government has announced plans to reform its data protection legal framework but these have been put on hold. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in significant monetary penalties. 
 The GDPR includes restrictions on cross-border data transfers. Adequate safeguards must be implemented to enable the transfer of personal data outside of the European Union or the United Kingdom in particular to the U.S., in compliance with European Union and United Kingdom data protection laws. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission issued new forms of standard contractual clauses for data transfers from controllers or processors in the European Union (or otherwise subject to the EU GDPR) to controllers or processors established outside the European Union (and not subject to the EU GDPR). The new standard contractual clauses replace the standard contractual clauses that were adopted previously under the Data Protection Directive. The United Kingdom is not subject to the European Commission s new standard contractual clauses but has published its own version of standard clauses, referred to as International Data Transfer Agreement which entered into force on 21 March 2022 and enables transfers originating from the United Kingdom. Transfers made pursuant to these new mechanisms need to be assessed on a case-by-case basis to ensure the law in the recipient country provides essentially equivalent protections to safeguard the transferred personal data as the European Union, and businesses are required to adopt supplementary measures if such standard is not met. We will be required to implement these new safeguards when conducting restricted data transfers under the GDPR and doing so will require significant effort and cost. 
 Although the United Kingdom is regarded as a third country under the GDPR, the European Commission has issued a decision recognizing the United Kingdom as providing adequate protection under the GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the European Union to the United Kingdom remain unrestricted. Like the GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the United Kingdom to countries not regarded by the United Kingdom as providing adequate protection. 
 Healthcare and Privacy Laws and Regulation 
 Pharmaceutical companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business that may constrain the financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, as well as sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing authorization. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, and transparency laws and regulations related to drug pricing and payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare providers. See Risk Factors Our relationships with healthcare providers and physicians and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings for additional information. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and responsible individuals may be subject to imprisonment. 
 Pharmaceutical Insurance Coverage and Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States and markets in other countries, patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing the prescribed services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. 
 59 

Thus, even if a product candidate is approved, sales of the product will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors, including government health programs in the United States such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed care organizations, provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for, the product. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing the cost- effectiveness of medical products and services and imposing controls to manage costs. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication. 
 In order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, a company may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the product, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA or other comparable regulatory approvals. Additionally, companies may also need to provide discounts to purchasers, private health plans or government healthcare programs. Nonetheless, product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce physician utilization once the product is approved and have a material adverse effect on sales, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for the product, and the level of coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. 
 The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of products have been a focus in this effort. There have been a number of federal and state proposals during the last few years regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical products, limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for drugs and other medical products, government control and other changes to the healthcare system in the United States. Governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price, or ASP, and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit a company s revenue generated from the sale of any approved products. Even if we do receive a favorable coverage determination for approved products by third-party payors, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, the U.S. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their commercial products, which has resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. Congress has indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 Further, on May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to request access to certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase I clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 
 Outside the United States, ensuring coverage and adequate payment for a product also involves challenges. Pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to government control in many countries. Pricing negotiations with government authorities can extend well beyond the receipt of regulatory approval for a product and may require a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of a product to other available therapies. The conduct of such a clinical trial could be expensive and result in delays in commercialization. 
 In the European Union, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that products may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies or so-called health 
 60 

technology assessments, in order to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. For example, the EU Member States have the option to restrict the range of products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. EU Member States may approve a specific price for a product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market. Other EU Member States allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. Recently, many countries in the European Union have increased the amount of discounts required on pharmaceuticals and these efforts could continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures, especially in light of the severe fiscal and debt crises experienced by many countries in the European Union. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription products, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. Political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations may continue after reimbursement has been obtained. Reference pricing used by various EU Member States, and parallel trade, i.e., arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced EU Member States, can further reduce prices. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any products, if approved in those countries. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 298 full-time employees, including approximately 86 employees with M.D. and/or Ph.D. degrees and approximately 202 employees directly engaged in research and development, with the rest providing administrative, business and operations support. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider the relationship with our employees to be good. 
 We have, since our inception, worked to create a high-performing, inclusive and diverse workforce with a common passion and mindset of striving to achieve our mission. We have deliberately sought to secure top talent with a diversity of thought, experiences and backgrounds who are committed to making a difference in the lives of people living with neuroscience diseases. We believe that with a common goal and by embracing differences, we have a unique advantage in challenging the status quo to apply innovative thinking to long-existing medical challenges that better reflect the diversity of those who can potentially benefit from it. As of December 31, 2022, our workforce was self-reportedly approximately 59 women and approximately 38 Asian, Hispanic, Latino, Black or African American, and our senior leadership was approximately 63 women or minorities, reflecting the workforce we strive to create throughout the company. 
 We believe that our single most important asset that differentiates us now and into the future is our employees. Our human capital resource objectives include finding and attracting the highest performing and most experienced talent and inspiring them to bring their best to Cerevel each and every day. We strive to achieve these objectives through competitive compensation programs and thoughtful benefits that are intended to meet the needs of employees where they are. Our culture underpins all that we do and is anchored in our core values of trust, courage, respect, curiosity and compassion. We strive to be inclusive and diverse in thought, action and in the people who join us. To ensure that this is knitted into the fiber of our organization, we have implemented initiatives across our entire workforce through targeted hiring objectives, supplier and vendor diversity programs and inclusivity plans for clinical trials, the achievement of which were an element in our annual incentive plan goals for 2022. We also regularly conduct surveys to gauge employee engagement and to create an ongoing open dialogue with our employees. We are also committed to professional development at every level of our organization through real-time work experiences as well as other learning opportunities and training programs. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal corporate office is located at 222 Jacobs Street, Suite 200, Cambridge, MA 02141, and our telephone number is (844) 304-2048. Our website address is www.cerevel.com. The information contained in or accessible from our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report or in any other filings we make with the SEC. We have included our website address in this Annual Report solely as an inactive textual reference. 
 We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements on Schedule 14A, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make this information available on or through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website address is http://www.sec.gov. 
 61 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this Annual Report and in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in these risk factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, revenue, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, in which event the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Unless otherwise indicated, reference in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report to our business being adversely affected, negatively impacted or harmed will include an adverse effect on, or a negative impact or harm to, the business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue and our future prospects. The material and other risks and uncertainties summarized elsewhere in this Annual Report and described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business operations. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See the section titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 The successful development of pharmaceutical products is highly uncertain. 
 Successful development of pharmaceutical products is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Product candidates that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons, including: 
 clinical trial results may show the product candidates to be less effective than expected (for example, a clinical trial could fail to meet its primary or key secondary endpoint(s)) or have an unacceptable safety or tolerability profile; 

failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals, which, among other things, may be caused by patients who fail the trial screening process, slow enrollment in clinical trials, patients dropping out of trials, patients lost to follow-up, length of time to achieve trial endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis or New Drug Application, or NDA, preparation, discussions with the FDA, an FDA request for additional preclinical or clinical data (such as long-term toxicology studies) or unexpected safety or manufacturing issues; 

preclinical study results may show the product candidate to be less effective than desired or to have harmful side effects; 

post-marketing approval requirements; or 

the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent our product candidates from being commercialized. 

The length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies significantly from one product candidate to the next and from one country or jurisdiction to the next and may be difficult to predict. 
 Even if we are successful in obtaining marketing approval, commercial success of any approved products will also depend in large part on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including government payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs and managed care organizations in the United States or country-specific governmental organizations in foreign countries, which may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures designed to reduce the cost of healthcare. Third-party payors could require us to conduct additional studies, including post-marketing studies related to the cost effectiveness of a product, to qualify for reimbursement, which could be costly and divert our resources. If government and other healthcare payors were not to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products once approved, market acceptance and commercial success would be reduced. 
 In addition, if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, we will be subject to significant regulatory obligations regarding the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration, and will need to continue to comply (or ensure that our third-party providers comply) with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs, and Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, there is always the risk that we, a regulatory authority or a third party might identify previously unknown problems with a product post-approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency. Compliance with these requirements is costly, and any failure to comply or other issues with our product candidates post-approval could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 62 

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have incurred significant financial losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant financial losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We were formed in July 2018 and our operations to date have been limited to pre-commercial activities. Substantially all of our product candidates were initially developed by Pfizer, which we in-licensed pursuant to the Pfizer License Agreement, entered into shortly after our formation. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to generate revenues, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture any product on a commercial scale or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date. We will continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our preclinical and clinical development and ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception. Net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Our net losses totaled 351.5 million, 225.3 million and 152.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 967.8 million and had not yet generated revenues. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our research and development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates. 
 We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 advance our clinical-stage product candidates through clinical development, including as we advance these candidates into later-stage clinical trials; 

seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 

hire additional clinical, quality control, medical, scientific and other technical personnel to support our clinical operations; 

experience an increase in headcount as we expand our research and development organization and market development and pre-commercial planning activities; 

undertake any pre-commercial or commercial activities to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

advance our preclinical-stage product candidates into clinical development; 

seek to identify, acquire and develop additional product candidates, including through business development efforts to invest in or in-license other technologies or product candidates; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

make milestone, royalty or other payments due under the Pfizer License Agreement and any future in-license or collaboration agreements; and 

make milestone, royalty, interest or other payments due under the Funding Agreements, our 2027 Notes and any future financing or other arrangements with third parties. 

Biopharmaceutical product development entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval, secure market access and reimbursement and become commercially viable, and therefore any investment in us is highly speculative. Accordingly, before making an investment in us, you should consider our prospects, factoring in the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in clinical development, especially clinical-stage biopharmaceutical companies such as ours. Any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they would otherwise be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known or unknown factors in achieving our business objectives. 
 Additionally, our expenses could increase beyond our expectations if we are required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities to perform clinical trials in addition to those that we currently expect, or if there are any delays in establishing appropriate manufacturing arrangements for or in completing our clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. 
 We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 Our ability to become and remain profitable depends on our ability to generate revenue or execute other business development arrangements. We do not expect to generate significant revenue, if any, unless and until we are able to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize, one or more product candidates we are developing or may develop. Successful commercialization will require achievement of many key milestones, including demonstrating safety and efficacy in clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we may obtain regulatory approval, satisfying any post-marketing requirements and obtaining reimbursement for our products from private insurance or 
 63 

government payors. Because of the uncertainties and risks associated with these activities, we are unable to accurately and precisely predict the timing and amount of revenues, the extent of any further losses or if or when we might achieve profitability. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenues that are significant enough for us to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 Our failure to become and remain profitable may depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings or continue our operations. If we continue to incur losses as we have since our inception, investors may not receive any return on their investment and may lose their entire investment. 
 We will need substantial additional funding, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or terminate our product discovery and development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to continue the clinical and preclinical development of our product candidates. We will need to raise additional capital to complete our currently planned clinical trials and any future clinical trials. Other unanticipated costs may arise in the course of our development efforts. If we are able to gain marketing approval for product candidates that we develop, we will require significant additional amounts of funding in order to launch and commercialize such product candidates and will also be required to make certain milestone and royalty payments under the Pfizer License Agreement and the Funding Agreements. We cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of any product candidate we develop, and we may need substantial additional funding to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Our future need for additional funding depends on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our current product candidates, as well as other additional product candidates we may develop and pursue in the future; 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining marketing approvals for our product candidates and any other additional product candidates we may develop and pursue in the future; 

the number of future product candidates that we may pursue and their development requirements; 

subject to receipt of regulatory approval, the costs of commercialization activities for our product candidates, to the extent such costs are not the responsibility of any future collaborators, including the costs and timing of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 

subject to receipt of regulatory approval, revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates or any other additional product candidates we may develop and pursue in the future; 

the achievement of milestones that trigger payments under the Pfizer License Agreement and the Funding Agreements; 

the royalty payments due under the Pfizer License Agreement and the Funding Agreements; 

the extent to which we in-license or acquire rights to other products, product candidates or technologies; 

our ability to establish collaboration arrangements for the development of our product candidates on favorable terms, if at all; 

our receipt of additional funding from the Funding Investors under the Funding Agreements; 

the settlement method used for the outstanding 2027 convertible senior notes, or the 2027 Notes; 

our headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our research and development and market development and pre-commercial planning activities; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights, including enforcing and defending intellectual property related claims; and 

the costs of operating as a public company. 

We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. For instance, the trading prices for our common stock and for other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile. As a result, we may face difficulties raising capital through sales of our common stock or such sales may be on unfavorable terms. Similarly, adverse market or macroeconomic conditions and market volatility resulting from global economic developments, political unrest, high inflation, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other factors, could materially and adversely affect our ability to consummate an equity or debt financing on favorable terms, or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of private or public equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences and anti-dilution protections that could adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and 
 64 

preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions or capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or drug candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future commercialization efforts, grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves, obtain funds through arrangement with collaborators on terms unfavorable to us or pursue merger or acquisition strategies, all of which could adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. 
 We believe that our available financial resources will enable us to fund our operating expense and capital expenditure requirements through at least 12 months from the issuance date of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our estimate may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Further, changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond our control, could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our pipeline, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize the development of certain product candidates over others. Moreover, we may fail to expend our limited resources on product candidates or indications that may have been more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 We currently have five clinical-stage product candidates as well as several other product candidates that are at various stages of preclinical development. We seek to maintain a process of prioritization and resource allocation to maintain an optimal balance between aggressively pursuing our most advanced product candidates and indications and ensuring the development of additional potential product candidates and indications. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our product candidates, we must decide which product candidates and indications to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management and financial resources toward particular product candidates, therapeutic areas or indications may not lead to the development of viable commercial products and may divert resources away from better opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our product candidates or misread trends in the pharmaceutical industry, in particular for disorders of the brain and nervous system, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing or royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our planned operations. Unless and until we can generate a substantial amount of revenue from our product candidates, we expect to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, royalty-based financing, collaborations, licensing arrangements or other sources, or any combination of the foregoing. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders may be diluted, and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences and anti-dilution protections that could adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. In addition, royalty-based financing or debt financing, if available, may result in our relinquishing rights to valuable future revenue streams or fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, creating liens, redeeming stock or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, securing financing could require a substantial amount of time and attention from our management team and may divert a disproportionate amount of our attention away from day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our management team s ability to oversee the development of our product candidates. 
 If we raise additional capital through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements, or royalty-based financings with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future 
 65 

commercialization efforts, grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves, obtain capital through arrangement with collaborators on terms unfavorable to us or pursue merger or acquisition strategies, all of which could adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. 
 Covenants in our Funding Agreements place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility and if we do not effectively manage our covenants, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In April 2021, we entered into the Funding Agreements pursuant to which the Funding Investors committed to provide funding to support our development of tavapadon for the treatment of Parkinson s disease. The Funding Agreements impose various diligence, milestone payment, royalty payment and other obligations on us. Pursuant to the Funding Agreements, we are required to comply with various covenants relating to the conduct of our business and the development and commercialization of tavapadon, including obligations to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize tavapadon in the United States and certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create or incur liens or dispose of assets. Compliance with these covenants may limit our flexibility in operating our business and our ability to take actions that might otherwise be advantageous to us and our stockholders. 
 We are required to make payments to the Funding Investors upon the achievement of certain regulatory and sales milestones. In addition, if we suspend or terminate the development of tavapadon or fail to perform certain diligence obligations, under certain circumstances, we will pay the Funding Investors a combined amount equal to the total amount funded by the Funding Investors up to the date of termination, plus 12 interest compounded annually. We may not have sufficient capital to make the required payments to the Funding Investors on a timely basis or at all. In conjunction with the Funding Agreements, we also entered into security agreements with the Funding Investors pursuant to which we granted the Funding Investors a security interest in the assets material to the development and commercialization of tavapadon in the United States to secure our obligations under the Funding Agreements. If we are unable to comply with such obligations, then the Funding Investors may be able to foreclose on the collateral that was pledged to the Funding Investors. Any of the foregoing events could significantly and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the success of our product candidates. If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize one or more of our product candidates, or if we experience delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 To date, as an organization, we have not completed the development of any of our product candidates. Our future success and ability to generate revenue from our product candidates, which is dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. All of our product candidates will require substantial additional investment for clinical development, regulatory review and approval in one or more jurisdictions. If any of our product candidates encounters safety or efficacy problems, development delays or regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be materially harmed. 
 We may not have the financial resources to continue development of our product candidates if we experience any issues that delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, our product candidates, including: 
 our inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective; 

insufficiency of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary clinical trials and preclinical studies; 

negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials, preclinical studies or the clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional clinical trials or preclinical studies or abandon a program; 

product-related adverse events experienced by subjects in our clinical trials, including unexpected toxicity results, or by individuals using drugs or therapeutic biologics similar to our product candidates; 

delays in submitting an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application or comparable foreign applications or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial or a suspension or termination, or hold, of a clinical trial once commenced; 

conditions imposed by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

poor effectiveness of our product candidates during clinical trials; 

better than expected performance of control arms, such as placebo groups, which could lead to negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials; 

66 

delays in enrolling subjects in our clinical trials; 

high drop-out rates of subjects from our clinical trials; 

inadequate supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 

higher than anticipated clinical trial or manufacturing costs; 

unfavorable FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authority inspection and review of our clinical trial sites; 

failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or the clinical trial protocol or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 

delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policies and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to our therapies in particular; or 

varying interpretations of data by the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 

The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 We are not permitted to commercialize, market, promote or sell any product candidate in the United States without obtaining regulatory approval from the FDA. Foreign regulatory authorities, such as the EMA, impose similar requirements. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is inherently unpredictable, but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. For instance, jurisdictions outside of the United States, such as the European Union or Japan, may have different requirements for regulatory approval, which may require us to conduct additional clinical, nonclinical or chemistry, manufacturing and control studies. To date, we have not submitted an NDA to the FDA or similar drug approval submissions to comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any product candidate. We must complete additional preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans before we will be able to obtain these approvals. 
 Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. The clinical development of our initial and potential additional product candidates is susceptible to the risk of failure inherent at any stage of development, including failure to demonstrate efficacy in a clinical trial or across a broad population of patients, the occurrence of adverse events that are severe or medically or commercially unacceptable, failure to comply with protocols or applicable regulatory requirements and determination by the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority that a product candidate may not continue development or is not approvable. It is possible that even if any of our product candidates have a beneficial effect, that effect will not be detected during clinical evaluation as a result of one or more of a variety of factors, including the size, duration, design, measurements, conduct or analysis of our clinical trials. Conversely, as a result of the same factors, our clinical trials may indicate an apparent positive effect of such product candidate that is greater than the actual positive effect, if any. Similarly, in our clinical trials we may fail to detect toxicity of, or intolerability caused by, such product candidate, or mistakenly believe that our product candidates are toxic or not well tolerated when that is not in fact the case. Serious adverse events or other adverse events, as well as tolerability issues, could hinder or prevent market acceptance of the product candidate at issue. 
 Our current and future product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from clinical trials or preclinical studies; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA to the FDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere; 

67 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

This lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any product candidate we develop, which would substantially harm our business, results of operations and prospects. The FDA and other comparable foreign authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and determining when or whether regulatory approval will be granted for any product candidate that we develop. Even if we believe the data collected from future clinical trials of our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or any other regulatory authority. 
 In addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 The FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our regulatory plan for our product candidates. 
 The general approach for FDA approval of a new drug is dispositive data from two or more adequate and well-controlled clinical trials of the product candidate in the relevant patient population. Adequate and well-controlled clinical trials typically involve a large number of patients, have significant costs and take years to complete. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may disagree with us about whether a clinical trial is adequate and well-controlled or may request that we conduct additional clinical trials prior to regulatory approval. In addition, there is no assurance that the doses, endpoints and trial designs that we intend to use for our planned clinical trials, including those that we have developed based on feedback from regulatory agencies or those that have been used for the approval of similar drugs, will be acceptable for future approvals. For example, while we have designed our registration-directed Phase 3 program for tavapadon after receiving input and feedback from the FDA, there can be no assurance that the design of our planned clinical trials will be satisfactory to the FDA or that the FDA will not require us to modify our trials or conduct additional testing, or that completing these trials will result in regulatory approval. See the section entitled Business Our Lead Programs Tavapadon Our Solution Tavapadon Ongoing Clinical Trials TEMPO-1: Phase 3 Fixed-Dose Monotherapy (Early-Stage) Parkinson s Trial in this Annual Report for a description of our discussions with the FDA regarding the proposed primary endpoint of our Phase 3 trials of tavapadon as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s. Even if our Phase 3 clinical trials as monotherapy in early-stage Parkinson s achieve their primary endpoint, there can be no assurance that the FDA will find them sufficient to support approval if, for example, the FDA determines the contribution of the MDS-UPDRS Part II score to the primary endpoint results to be inadequate. Our Phase 2 early-stage Parkinson s trial of tavapadon did not use the MDS-UPDRS Part II score as a primary endpoint and was therefore not powered to show a statistically significant difference from placebo for this measure. In addition, based on our end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA where we presented single-dose electrocardiogram, or ECG, multiple-dose ECG and a model-based analysis of Phase 1 data, we plan to collect time-matched PK and ECG measures in a subset of patients as a sub-study in our ongoing Phase 3 fixed-dose monotherapy early-stage Parkinson s trial. However, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to conduct additional testing on the safety and tolerability of tavapadon, including with respect to arrhythmia. Additionally, we are developing CVL-871 for the treatment of dementia-related apathy. There are no currently approved therapies for dementia-related apathy, and we may experience challenges in defining this indication. There are limited precedents for trial design, trial endpoints and regulatory pathway for this indication, which may make clinical development and regulatory approval of CVL-871 more challenging. 
 Our clinical trial results may not support approval of our product candidates. In addition, our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval, or regulatory approval could be delayed, for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not file or accept our NDA or marketing application for substantive review; 

the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the dosing regimen, design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications; 

the results of our clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks; 

68 

the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from our preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of an NDA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Business interruptions resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or similar public health crises could cause a disruption of the development of our product candidates and adversely impact our business. 
 Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business. We are closely monitoring the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business, including how it has impacted and may continue to impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers, vendors and business partners. 
 For instance, the continued spread of COVID-19 has impacted and may further impact our clinical trials or preclinical studies. The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic caused brief pauses in patient screening and enrollment in our Phase 3 trials of tavapadon for the treatment of Parkinson s (which we subsequently resumed in the second half of 2020), and we remain particularly vigilant about patient safety given the elderly nature of this population. While we have taken measures to revise clinical trial protocols to allow for remote visits, including home delivery of study medication, home health care visits to collect safety data and telemedicine visits to collect clinician-based trial assessments, such measures may not be sufficient to prevent missing data from impacting trial outcomes or delays in enrollment and trial completion caused by COVID-19. The primary endpoint in our monotherapy early-stage Parkinson s trials is based, in part, on a physical assessment of motor symptoms performed by a clinician, which cannot be completed remotely, and, if a substantial number of subjects are unable to complete in-person assessments, the completeness and interpretability of the data that we are able to collect from these trials or our other clinical trials would be impacted, which may create data integrity challenges, require changes to the statistical analysis plan, require the enrollment of additional subjects or otherwise negatively affect our ability to use such data to obtain regulatory approval. Similarly, if patients are reluctant to participate in our trials due to fears of COVID-19 infection resulting from regular visits to a healthcare facility or unable to comply with clinical trial protocols due to quarantines or travel restrictions that impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services, we may not be able to meet our current trial completion timelines. In addition, Paxlovid, a treatment for COVID-19 granted emergency use authorization/conditional approval by health authorities, is contraindicated for concurrent use with some of our product candidates. As such, increased use of Paxlovid in the general population may cause delays in enrollment or increase the early termination rate in our clinical trials, which may impact our expected clinical trial timelines. 
 In addition, COVID-19 may impact our ability to retain principal investigators and site staff for our clinical trials as healthcare providers may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 or may be impacted due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the pandemic and restrictions on travel. Our clinical trial sites may be located in geographies that are disproportionately affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or actions taken by governmental and health authorities to address the pandemic. Furthermore, as a result of supply chain, labor market and other disruptions driven by the pandemic, COVID-19 has impacted and may further negatively affect our operations or the operations of our vendors, suppliers and business partners, including the third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, clinical sites and other vendors that we rely upon to carry out our clinical trials or the operations of our third-party manufacturers and other suppliers, which could result in delays or disruptions in the supply of our product candidates. The negative impact COVID-19 or the post-COVID environment has on patient enrollment, site staffing or treatment or the timing and execution of our clinical trials has caused and could cause further delays to our clinical trial activities, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, increase our operating expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. COVID-19 has also caused volatility in the global financial markets, including growing inflationary headwinds, which may negatively affect our ability to raise additional capital on attractive terms or at all. 
 The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which, despite progress in vaccination efforts, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the pandemic, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, such as new variants or subvariants, which may impact rates of infection and vaccination efforts and the extent and effectiveness of actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, including vaccination campaigns, COVID-19 treatments and lockdown measures, among others. In addition, recurrences or additional waves of COVID-19 cases could cause other widespread or more severe impacts depending on where infection rates are highest. We cannot presently predict the scope and severity of any potential business shutdowns or 
 69 

disruptions, but if we or any of the third parties with whom we engage were to experience prolonged business shutdowns or other disruptions, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are dependent on third parties having accurately generated, collected, interpreted and reported data from certain preclinical studies and clinical trials that were previously conducted for our product candidates. 
 We have in-licensed the rights to substantially all of our current product candidates from Pfizer, for which they undertook prior research and development. We had no involvement with or control over the preclinical and clinical development of any of our product candidates prior to obtaining our in-license. In addition, we had no involvement in the development of third-party agents designed to be used in combination with our product candidates, such as L-dopa, which we intend to study in combination with tavapadon in our Phase 3 adjunctive late-stage Parkinson s trial. Therefore, we are dependent on these third parties having conducted their research and development in accordance with the applicable protocols, legal and regulatory requirements, and scientific standards; having accurately reported the results of all preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted with respect to such product candidates and having correctly collected and interpreted the data from these studies and trials. These risks also apply to any additional product candidates that we may acquire or in-license in the future. If these activities were not compliant, accurate or correct, the clinical development, regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates will be adversely affected. 
 If our clinical trials fail to replicate positive results from earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted by us or third parties, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. 
 The results observed from preclinical studies or early-stage clinical trials of our product candidates may not necessarily be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials that we conduct. Similarly, positive results from such preclinical studies or early-stage clinical trials may not be replicated in our subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trials. For instance, while darigabat demonstrated anti-epileptic activity similar to lorazepam, a commonly prescribed benzodiazepine, or BZD, in a Phase 2 photoepilepsy trial, only seven patients were treated with darigabat in that trial and we may not be able to replicate the observed results from that trial in our ongoing Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial in focal epilepsy. Similarly, while darigabat demonstrated anxiolytic effects in a model of carbon dioxide inhalation that is associated with symptoms of anxiety/panic in healthy participants, we may not be able to replicate these results in patients with panic disorder. Furthermore, our product candidates may not be able to demonstrate similar activity or adverse event profiles as other product candidates that we believe may have similar profiles. For instance, although they both activate muscarinic receptors, in later-stage trials, emraclidine may not be able to replicate the anti-psychotic benefit observed in prior clinical trials of xanomeline. 
 In addition, in our planned future clinical trials, we may utilize clinical trial designs or dosing regimens that have not been tested in prior clinical trials. For instance, in our Phase 3 clinical trials for tavapadon in Parkinson s, we are using a slower titration method than was used in prior clinical trials. While we believe that the slower titration method may mitigate certain gastrointestinal and other adverse events, we cannot provide any assurances that it will provide the desired effects and it may result in unanticipated issues. 
 There can be no assurance that any of our clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of any of our product candidates. There is a high failure rate for drugs proceeding through clinical trials. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. 
 Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authority approval. For instance, prior clinical trials conducted by Pfizer with certain of our product candidates before we in-licensed them were terminated before conclusion of the trials. These trials included a Phase 2 trial of tavapadon in late-stage Parkinson s, a concurrent Phase 2 clinical trial of tavapadon in early-stage Parkinson s and two Phase 2 trials of darigabat. These clinical trials did not meet their primary endpoints and, even though we believe the data generated from these trials support our rationale for further clinical development of these product candidates, our belief is partially based on post-hoc analyses of such data. 
 We may incur unexpected costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective in humans. We may experience delays in completing our clinical trials or preclinical studies and initiating or completing additional clinical trials or preclinical studies, including as a result of regulators not allowing or delay in allowing clinical trials to proceed under an IND, or not approving or 
 70 

delaying approval for any clinical trial grant or similar approval we need to initiate a clinical trial. We may also experience numerous unforeseen events during our clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize the product candidates we develop, including: 
 regulators, institutional review boards, or IRBs, or other reviewing bodies may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial, or to conduct or continue a clinical trial at a prospective or specific trial site; 

we may not reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

we may experience challenges or delays in recruiting principal investigators or study sites to lead our clinical trials; 

the number of subjects or patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate, and the number of clinical trials being conducted at any given time may be high and result in fewer available patients for any given clinical trial, or patients may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our third-party contractors, including those manufacturing our product candidates or conducting clinical trials on our behalf, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 

we may have to amend clinical trial protocols submitted to regulatory authorities or conduct additional studies to reflect changes in regulatory requirements or guidance, which may be required to resubmit to an IRB and regulatory authorities for re-examination; 

regulators or other reviewing bodies may find deficiencies with, fail to approve or subsequently find fault with the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into agreements for clinical and commercial supplies, or the supply or quality of any product candidate or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient, inadequate or not available at an acceptable cost, or we may experience interruptions in supply; and 

the potential for approval policies or regulations of the FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory agencies to significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Regulators or IRBs of the institutions in which clinical trials are being conducted may suspend, limit or terminate a clinical trial, or data monitoring committees may recommend that we suspend or terminate a clinical trial, due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials or preclinical studies could mandate repeated or additional clinical trials and, to the extent we choose to conduct clinical trials in other indications, could result in changes to or delays in clinical trials of our product candidates in such other indications. We do not know whether any clinical trials that we conduct will demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety to result in regulatory approval to market our product candidates for the indications that we are pursuing. If later-stage clinical trials do not produce favorable results, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates will be adversely impacted. 
 Our failure to successfully initiate and complete clinical trials and to demonstrate the efficacy and safety necessary to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates would significantly harm our business. Our product candidate development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or regulatory approvals and we may be required to obtain additional funds to complete clinical trials. Delays in our development of tavapadon in the United States could also prevent us from, or delay us in, receiving additional payments under the Funding Agreements, as well as put us in potential breach of our development and commercialization obligations under the Funding Agreements. We cannot assure you that our clinical trials will begin as planned or be completed on schedule, if at all, or that we will not need to restructure or otherwise modify our trials after they have begun. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which may harm our business and results of operations. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, delays of clinical trials may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the marketing approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Any product candidate we develop and the activities associated with its development and commercialization, including its design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the 
 71 

product candidate in a given jurisdiction. We have not received approval to market any product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction and it is possible that none of the product candidates we are developing or may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 We have no experience in submitting and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs or regulatory consultants to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority. Any product candidates we develop may not be effective, may be only moderately effective, or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude its obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. 
 The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive, may take many years if additional clinical trials are required, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit, or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Any marketing approval that we may ultimately obtain could be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. 
 If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of any product candidates we may develop, the commercial prospects for those product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data becomes available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publish interim, topline or preliminary data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our reputation and business prospects. 
 If we do not achieve our projected development and commercialization goals in the timeframes we announce and expect, the development and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed, and our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 For planning purposes, we sometimes estimate the timing of the accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory and other product development objectives. These milestones may include our expectations regarding the commencement or completion of scientific studies and clinical trials, the submission of regulatory filings or commercialization objectives. From time to time, we may publicly announce the expected timing of some of these milestones, such as the completion of an ongoing clinical trial, the initiation of other clinical programs, receipt of marketing approval or a commercial launch of a product. The achievement of many of these milestones may be outside of our control. All of these milestones are based on a variety of assumptions which, if not realized as expected, may cause the timing of achievement of the milestones to vary considerably from our estimates, including: 
 our available capital resources or capital constraints we experience; 

the rate of progress, costs and results of our clinical trials and research and development activities, including the extent of scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and collaborators; 

our ability to identify and enroll patients who meet clinical trial eligibility criteria; 

our receipt of approvals by the FDA and other regulatory authorities and the timing thereof; 

other actions, decisions or rules issued by regulators; 

our ability to access sufficient, reliable and affordable supplies of materials used to manufacture our product candidates; 

the efforts of our collaborators with respect to the commercialization of our product candidates; and 

72 

the securing of, costs related to, and timing issues associated with, product manufacturing as well as sales and marketing activities. 

If we fail to achieve announced milestones in the timeframes we expect, the development and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed, and our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 We may be subject to additional risks because we intend to evaluate our product candidates in combination with other compounds. 
 We intend to evaluate our product candidates in combination with other compounds. The use of our product candidates in combination with other compounds may subject us to risks that we would not face if our product candidates were being administered as a monotherapy. For instance, in our Phase 3 adjunctive late-stage Parkinson s trial, we are evaluating tavapadon in combination with L-dopa for the treatment of late-stage Parkinson s, and L-dopa s safety issues may be improperly attributed to tavapadon or the administration of tavapadon with L-dopa may result in safety issues that such other therapies or tavapadon would not have when used alone. The outcome and cost of developing a product candidate to be used with other compounds is difficult to predict and dependent on a number of factors that are outside our control. If we experience efficacy or safety issues in our clinical trials in which our product candidates are being administered with other compounds, we may not receive regulatory approval for our product candidates, which could prevent us from ever generating revenue or achieving profitability. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with our protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. 
 Patient enrollment is affected by many factors, including: 
 the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our ability to recruit and retain patients, including as a result of potential heightened exposure to COVID-19, prioritization of hospital resources toward the pandemic and unwillingness by patients to enroll or comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines or travel restrictions impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services; 

the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity of patients to study sites; 

the design of the trial; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications that we are investigating; 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 

the risk that patients enrolled in our clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 

For instance, enrollment in our Phase 3 TEMPO program of tavapadon in Parkinson s has been impacted due to residual post-COVID landscape challenges and other factors. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, data are expected from TEMPO-3 in mid-year 2024 and TEMPO-1 and TEMPO-2 in the second half of 2024. Furthermore, we are currently evaluating darigabat in a Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial in focal epilepsy, known as REALIZE. The recent approval and increased uptake of certain partial-onset seizure treatments, which are contraindicated in the REALIZE trial, as well as patients not meeting the necessary seizure frequency requirements and post-COVID landscape challenges at the clinical trial sites, have impacted our expected timeline for this trial. As a result, we anticipate a delay in the REALIZE readout beyond 2023. Following a detailed review of all environmental factors, we plan to provide updated timing on the REALIZE readout by mid-year. Because certain of the prior clinical trials of our product candidates were terminated prior to the conclusion of the trial, we may experience challenges in recruiting principal investigators and patients to participate in ongoing and future clinical trials for such product candidates if we are unable to sufficiently demonstrate the potential of such product candidates to them. In addition, our clinical trials may compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we may conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of 
 73 

patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. Furthermore, if significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting patients to our trials and patients may drop out of our trials. Finally, business disruptions, including those relating to natural disasters, geopolitical incidents or macroeconomic conditions, may disrupt our clinical trials. For instance, our Phase 3 TEMPO program of tavapadon in Parkinson s includes less than 10 of our clinical sites located in Ukraine, and, as a result of the war in Ukraine, we are not enrolling any new patients at those clinical sites at this time. The ongoing conflict has impacted and may further impact our ability to collect and interpret data from patients who were enrolled at those clinical sites. We will continue to closely monitor the rapidly evolving geopolitical situation in Ukraine and its impact on our clinical trial operations and timelines. 
 Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or might require us to abandon one or more clinical trials or our development efforts altogether. Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs, affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to seek and obtain the regulatory approval required to commence product sales and generate revenue, which could prevent completion of these trials, adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates, cause the value of the company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing if needed. 
 Changes in methods of product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 
 As product candidates proceed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards potential approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as the vendors used to manufacture drug product or manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the materials manufactured using altered processes. Such changes may also require additional testing, FDA notification or FDA approval. This could delay or prevent completion of clinical trials, require conducting bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay or prevent approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence sales and generate revenue. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following regulatory approval, if obtained. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by any of our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Undesirable side effects have been observed in our product candidates to date. For example, in clinical trials of tavapadon, a dose-dependent increase in the frequency of nausea and headache was observed, with nausea, vomiting, dyskinesia, fall, fatigue, sleep disorder and tremors being the most common adverse events leading to discontinuation of tavapadon. In clinical trials of emraclidine, some moderate treatment-emergent increases in heart rate and blood pressure were observed following single doses of emraclidine (>10 mg), which may be due to emraclidine s activity on the M4 receptor subtype and its subsequent reduction of striatal dopamine levels. These observed cardiovascular changes were asymptomatic and transient in nature, generally peaking within one to four hours following an oral dose before being generally resolved within 24 hours without intervention. In our Phase 1b trial of emraclidine, modest asymptomatic elevations in blood pressure and heart rate were observed with emraclidine compared to placebo, which decreased over time. Placebo-adjusted heart rate changes two hours post-dose at week six were 4.4 and 5.3 beats per minute for the emraclidine 30 mg once-daily and 20 mg twice-daily groups, respectively. The average blood pressure changes at week six for both emraclidine cohorts showed no clinically meaningful differences versus placebo. 
 We may also observe additional safety or tolerability issues with our product candidates in ongoing or future clinical trials. Many compounds that initially showed promise in clinical or earlier-stage testing are later found to cause undesirable or unexpected side effects that prevented further development of the compound. Results of future clinical trials of our product candidates could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics, despite a favorable tolerability profile observed in earlier-stage testing. 
 If unacceptable side effects arise in the development of our product candidates, we, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the IRBs, or independent ethics committees at the institutions in which our trials are conducted, could suspend, limit or terminate our clinical trials, or the independent safety monitoring committee could recommend that we suspend, limit or terminate our trials, or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease clinical trials or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Treatment-emergent side effects that are deemed to be drug-related could delay recruitment of clinical trial subjects or may cause subjects that enroll in our clinical trials to discontinue participation in our clinical trials. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff. We may need to 
 74 

train medical personnel using our product candidates to understand the side effect profiles for our clinical trials and upon any commercialization of any of our product candidates. Inadequate training in recognizing or managing the potential side effects of our product candidates could result in harm to patients that are administered our product candidates. Any of these occurrences may adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Moreover, clinical trials of our product candidates are conducted in carefully defined sets of patients who have agreed to enter into clinical trials. Consequently, it is possible that our clinical trials may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is greater than the actual positive effect, if any, or alternatively fail to identify undesirable side effects. 
 We have concentrated our research and development efforts on the treatment of disorders of the brain and nervous system, a field that faces certain challenges in drug development. 
 We have focused our research and development efforts on addressing disorders of the brain and nervous system. Efforts by pharmaceutical companies in this field have faced certain challenges in drug development. In particular, many neuroscience diseases such as panic disorder, schizophrenia or dementia-related apathy rely on subjective patient-reported outcomes as key endpoints. This makes them more difficult to evaluate than indications with more objective endpoints. Furthermore, these indications are often subject to a placebo effect, which may make it more challenging to isolate the beneficial effects of our product candidates. There can be no guarantee that we will successfully overcome these challenges with our product candidates or that we will not encounter other challenges in the development of our product candidates. 
 Even if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success, in which case we may not generate significant revenues or become profitable. 
 We have never commercialized a product, and even if any of our product candidates is approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities for marketing and sale, it may nonetheless fail to achieve sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. Many of the indications for our product candidates have well-established standards of care that physicians, patients and payors are familiar with and, in some cases, are available generically. Even if our product candidates are successful in registrational clinical trials, they may not be successful in displacing these current standards of care if we are unable to demonstrate superior efficacy, safety, ease of administration and/or cost-effectiveness. For example, physicians may be reluctant to take their patients off their current medications and switch their treatment regimen to our product candidates. Further, patients often acclimate to the treatment regimen that they are currently taking and do not want to switch unless their physicians recommend switching products or they are required to switch due to lack of coverage and adequate reimbursement. Even if we are able to demonstrate our product candidates safety and efficacy to the FDA and other regulators, safety or efficacy concerns in the medical community may hinder market acceptance. 
 Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources, including management time and financial resources, and may not be successful. For example, even if tavapadon ultimately receives regulatory approval, we may have difficulty in convincing the medical community that tavapadon s selective dopamine D1/D5 receptor partial agonism has the potential to deliver promising therapeutic benefits above and beyond nonselective dopamine agonists. If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance, we may not generate significant revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the efficacy and safety of the product; 

the potential advantages of the product compared to competitive therapies; 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

whether the product is designated under physician treatment guidelines as a first-, second- or third-line therapy; 

our ability, or the ability of any future collaborators, to offer the product for sale at competitive prices; 

the product s convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try, and of physicians to prescribe, the product; 

limitations or warnings, including distribution or use restrictions contained in the product s approved labeling; 

the strength of sales, marketing and distribution support; 

changes in the standard of care for the targeted indications for the product; and 

75 

availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement from government payors, managed care plans and other third-party payors. 

Any failure by one or more of our product candidates that obtains regulatory approval to achieve market acceptance or commercial success would adversely affect our business prospects. 
 If we fail to discover, develop and commercialize other product candidates, we may be unable to grow our business and our ability to achieve our strategic objectives would be impaired. 
 Although the development and commercialization of our current product candidates are our initial focus, as part of our longer-term growth strategy, we plan to develop other product candidates. In addition to the product candidates in our clinical-stage pipeline, we have in-licensed additional assets that are in earlier stages of development. We intend to evaluate internal opportunities from our existing product candidates or other potential product candidates, and also may choose to in-license or acquire other product candidates to treat patients suffering from other disorders with significant unmet medical needs and limited treatment options. These other potential product candidates will require additional, time-consuming development efforts prior to commercial sale, including preclinical studies, clinical trials and approval by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to the risks of failure that are inherent in pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that the product candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot assure you that any such products that are approved will be manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized or widely accepted in the marketplace or be more effective than other commercially available alternatives. 
 In addition, we intend to devote substantial capital and resources for basic research to discover and identify additional product candidates. These research programs require substantial technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any product candidates are ultimately identified. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for many reasons, including the following: 
 the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidates; 

competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete; 

product candidates that we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; 

a product candidate may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and 

a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors. 

In the future, we may also seek to in-license or acquire product candidates or the underlying technology. The process of proposing, negotiating and implementing a license or acquisition is lengthy and complex. Other companies, including some with substantially greater financial, marketing and sales resources, may compete with us for the license or acquisition of product candidates. We have limited resources to identify and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party products, businesses and technologies and integrate them into our current infrastructure. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential acquisitions or in-licensing opportunities that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts. We may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product candidates on terms that we find acceptable, or at all. 
 In addition, future acquisitions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 
 exposure to unknown liabilities; 

disruption of our business and diversion of management s time and attention to develop acquired products or technologies; 

incurrence of substantial debt, dilutive issuances of securities or depletion of cash to pay for acquisitions; 

higher than expected acquisition and integration costs; 

difficulty in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel; 

increased amortization expenses; 

impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and 

inability to motivate key employees of any acquired businesses. 

If we are unsuccessful in identifying and developing additional product candidates, either through internal development or licensing or acquisition from third parties, our potential for growth and achieving our strategic objectives may be impaired. 
 76 

The number of patients with the diseases and disorders for which we are developing our product candidates has not been established with precision. If the actual number of patients with the diseases or disorders we elect to pursue with our product candidates is smaller than we anticipate, we may have difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials, which may delay or prevent development of our product candidates. Even if such product candidates are successfully developed and approved, the markets for our products may be smaller than we expect and our revenue potential and ability to achieve profitability may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our pipeline includes product candidates for a variety of neuroscience diseases. There is no precise method of establishing the actual number of patients with any of these disorders in any geography over any time period. With respect to many of the indications in which we have developed, are developing, or plan to develop our product candidates, we have estimates of the prevalence of the disease or disorder. Our estimates as to prevalence may not be accurate, and the actual prevalence or addressable patient population for some or all of those indications, or any other indication that we elect to pursue, may be significantly smaller than our estimates. In estimating the potential prevalence of indications we are pursuing, or may in the future pursue, including our estimates as to the prevalence of Parkinson s, epilepsy and schizophrenia, we apply assumptions to available information that may not prove to be accurate. In each case, there is a range of estimates in the published literature and in marketing studies, which include estimates within the range that are lower than our estimates. The actual number of patients with these disease indications may, however, be significantly lower than we believe. Even if our prevalence estimates are correct, our product candidates may be developed for only a subset of patients with the relevant disease or disorder or our products, if approved, may be indicated for or used by only a subset. Moreover, certain of our product candidates are being developed for indications that are novel, such as dementia-related apathy. In the event the number of patients with the diseases and disorders we are studying is significantly lower than we expect, we may have difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials, which may delay or prevent development of our product candidates. For instance, due to slower-than-expected enrollment, we now expect data from our CVL-871 Phase 2a trial in dementia-related apathy in the second half of 2024. If any of our product candidates are approved and our prevalence estimates with respect to any indication or our other market assumptions are not accurate, the markets for our product candidates for these indications may be smaller than we anticipate, which could limit our revenues and our ability to achieve profitability or to meet our expectations with respect to revenues or profits. 
 Competitive products may reduce or eliminate the commercial opportunity for our product candidates, if approved. If our competitors develop technologies or product candidates more rapidly than we do, or their technologies or product candidates are more effective or safer than ours, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize our product candidates may be adversely affected. 
 The clinical and commercial landscapes for the treatment of neuroscience diseases are highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We face competition with respect to our indications for our product candidates and will face competition with respect to any other drug candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell drugs or are pursuing the development of drug candidates for the treatment of the indications that we are pursuing. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 
 We believe that a significant number of product candidates are currently under development for the same indications we are currently pursuing, and some or all may become commercially available in the future for the treatment of conditions for which we are trying or may try to develop product candidates. Our potential competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug companies, academic institutions, government agencies and research institutions. See the section entitled Business Competition in this Annual Report for examples of the competition that our product candidates face. 
 In most cases, we do not currently plan to run head-to-head clinical trials evaluating our product candidates against the current standards of care, which may make it more challenging for our product candidates to compete against the current standards of care due to the lack of head-to-head clinical trial data. 
 Our competitors may have significantly greater financial resources, established presence in the market, expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical and clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals and reimbursement and marketing approved products than we do. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than we may be in obtaining regulatory approval for therapies and achieving widespread market acceptance. Our competitors products may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than any product candidate we may commercialize and may render our therapies obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover development and commercialization expenses. If any of our product candidates are approved, it could compete with a range of therapeutic treatments that are in development. In addition, our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing technologies and drug products that are more effective or less costly than our product candidates, which could render our product candidates obsolete and noncompetitive. 
 77 

If we obtain approval for any of our product candidates, we may face competition based on many different factors, including the efficacy, safety and tolerability of our products, the ease with which our products can be administered, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals for these products, the availability and cost of manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities, price, reimbursement coverage and patent position. Existing and future competing products could present superior treatment alternatives, including being more effective, safer, less expensive or marketed and sold more effectively than any products we may develop. Competitive products may make any products we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we recover the expense of developing and commercializing our product candidates. Such competitors could also recruit our employees, which could negatively impact our level of expertise and our ability to execute our business plan. 
 In addition, our competitors may obtain patent protection, regulatory exclusivities or FDA approval and commercialize products more rapidly than we do, which may impact future approvals or sales of any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval. If the FDA approves the commercial sale of any product candidate, we will also be competing with respect to marketing capabilities and manufacturing efficiency. We expect competition among products will be based on product efficacy and safety, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals, availability of supply, marketing and sales capabilities, product price, reimbursement coverage by government and private third-party payors, regulatory exclusivities and patent position. Our profitability and financial position will suffer if our product candidates receive regulatory approval but cannot compete effectively in the marketplace. 
 Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 If we are unable to develop our sales, marketing and distribution capability on our own or through collaborations with marketing partners, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 We currently have no marketing, sales or distribution capabilities. We intend to establish a sales and marketing organization, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize one or more of our product candidates that may receive regulatory approval in key territories. These efforts will require substantial additional resources, some or all of which may be incurred in advance of any approval of the product candidate. Any failure or delay in the development of our or third parties internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our product candidates on our own include: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future products; 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

With respect to our existing and future product candidates, we may choose to collaborate with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems to serve as an alternative to our own sales force and distribution systems. Our future product revenue may be lower than if we directly marketed or sold our product candidates, if approved. In addition, any revenue we receive will depend in whole or in part upon the efforts of these third parties, which may not be successful and are generally not within our control. If we are not successful in commercializing any approved products, our future product revenue will suffer and we may incur significant additional losses. 
 If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us or any of our future collaborators could divert our resources and attention, cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We are exposed to potential product liability and professional indemnity risks that are inherent in the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and use of pharmaceutical products. Currently, we have no products that have been approved for commercial sale; however, the use of our product candidates by us and any collaborators in clinical trials, and the sale of these product candidates, if approved, in the future, may expose us to liability claims. We face an inherent risk of product liability lawsuits related to the use of our product candidates in patients and will face an even greater risk if product candidates are approved by regulatory 
 78 

authorities and introduced commercially. Product liability claims may be brought against us by participants enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies, our collaborators or others using, administering or selling any of our future approved products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against any such claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for any of our future approved products; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

significant litigation costs; 

substantial monetary awards to, or costly settlements with, patients or other claimants; 

product recalls or a change in the indications for which they may be used; 

loss of revenue; 

diversion of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates. 

Although the clinical trial process is designed to identify and assess potential side effects, clinical development does not always fully characterize the safety and efficacy profile of a new medicine, and it is always possible that a drug, even after regulatory approval, may exhibit unforeseen side effects. If our product candidates were to cause adverse side effects during clinical trials or after approval, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities. Physicians and patients may not comply with any warnings that identify known potential adverse effects and patients who should not use our product candidates. If any of our product candidates are approved for commercial sale, we will be highly dependent upon consumer perceptions of us and the safety and quality of our products. We could be adversely affected if we are subject to negative publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting from patients use or misuse of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies. 
 Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage consistent with industry norms, including clinical trial liability, this insurance may not fully cover potential liabilities that we may incur. The cost of any product liability litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. We will need to increase our insurance coverage if we commercialize any product that receives regulatory approval. Insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, it could prevent or inhibit the development and commercial production and sale of our product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Cyber-attacks or other failures in our telecommunications or information technology systems, or those of our collaborators, CROs, third-party logistics providers, distributors or other contractors or consultants, could result in information theft, data corruption and significant disruption of our business operations. 
 We, along with our collaborators, CROs, third-party logistics providers, distributors and other contractors and consultants, utilize information technology, or IT, systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information in connection with our business activities. As use of digital technologies has increased, cyber incidents, including third parties gaining access to employee accounts using stolen or inferred credentials, computer malware, viruses, spamming, phishing attacks or other means, and deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, have increased in frequency and sophistication. These threats pose a risk to the security of our, our collaborators , CROs , third-party logistics providers , distributors and other contractors and consultants systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We may not be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or successfully mitigating their effects. Like other companies, we have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, business email compromise attacks or other cyber-attacks. Similarly, our collaborators, CROs, third-party logistics providers, distributors and other contractors and consultants may not be successful in protecting our clinical and other data that is stored on their systems. Any cyber-attack, data breach or destruction or loss of data could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy, data protection and other laws and subject us to litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings by federal, state and local regulatory entities in the United States and by international regulatory entities, resulting in exposure to material civil and/or criminal liability. Further, our general liability insurance and corporate risk program may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing clinical trials for any of our product candidates could result in delays in our development and regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to 
 79 

recover or reproduce the data. In addition, we may suffer reputational harm or face litigation or adverse regulatory action as a result of cyber-attacks or other data security breaches and may incur significant additional expense to implement further data protection measures. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses and research and development tax credits to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards totaling 448.7 million, all of which have an indefinite carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022, we had state net operating loss carryforwards totaling 438.3 million, with 433.4 million expiring at various dates between 2031 and 2042 and the remaining 4.9 million having an indefinite carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022, we also had U.S. federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of 21.3 million and 3.2 million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2039 for federal purposes and 2034 for state purposes. The net operating losses which are limited in life and tax credit carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. In addition, in general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses or tax credits, or NOLs or credits, to offset future taxable income or taxes. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the aggregate stock ownership of one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a corporation s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a specified testing period. Our existing NOLs or credits may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and if we undergo an ownership change in the future, our ability to utilize NOLs or credits could be further limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Our NOLs or credits may also be impaired under state law. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs or credits. If we determine that an ownership change has occurred and our ability to use our historical NOLs or credits is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. Section 382 and 383 of the Code would apply to all net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, whether the carryforward period is indefinite or not. 
 Furthermore, our ability to utilize our historical NOLs or credits is conditioned upon us attaining profitability and generating U.S. federal and state taxable income. We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future; and therefore, we do not know whether or when we will generate the U.S. federal or state taxable income necessary to utilize our historical NOLs or credits that may be subject to limitation by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing we conduct in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our consolidated financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 If we identify any future material weaknesses, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We also could become subject to investigations by the NASDAQ Stock Market, or Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Additionally, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are now required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting and an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. Our compliance with such requirement necessitates that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We will continue to dedicate significant internal and external resources to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that neither we nor our independent registered public accounting firm will be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or such conclusion may not be reached within the prescribed timeframe. The price of our common stock could decline substantially due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 80 

Risks Related to Managing our Business and Operations 
 We depend heavily on our executive officers, third-party consultants and others and our ability to compete in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. The loss of their services or our inability to hire and retain such personnel would materially harm our business. 
 Our success depends, and will likely continue to depend, upon our ability to hire, and our ability to retain the services of our executive officers and other key employees within our organization. Our executive officers and other key employees may terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of their services might impede the achievement of our operational and strategic objectives. 
 Our ability to compete in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. In particular, we will need to retain and, in some cases, hire, qualified personnel with expertise in clinical development and operations, preclinical research and development, manufacturing, quality management, medical and regulatory affairs, finance and accounting and other areas in connection with the continued development of our product candidates. We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, on third-party consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development objectives and activities as well as the development of our commercialization strategies. 
 Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. Replacing executive officers or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products successfully and the culture fit to be a leader in our organization. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these additional key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. 
 There can be no assurance that the services of third-party consultants and advisors will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, that we will be able to manage our existing consultants and advisors or that we can find qualified replacements on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by other entities and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with those entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified consultants and advisors, our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates will be limited. 
 We may not be able to hire and/or retain a sufficient number of employees or employees with the required expertise to develop our product candidates or operate our business successfully. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 298 full-time employees. Our focus on the development of multiple initial product candidates requires us to optimize cash utilization and to manage and operate our business in a highly efficient manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to hire and/or retain adequate staffing levels to develop our product candidates or run our operations and/or to accomplish all of the objectives that we otherwise would seek to accomplish. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new qualified employees, our clinical trials may be delayed or terminated, we may not be able to successfully execute the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our development and commercialization goals. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, collaborators and CROs may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could cause significant liability for us and harm our reputation. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, collaborators and CROs may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. Misconduct by those parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities that violates: 
 study and trial protocols or the FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities; 

manufacturing standards; 

federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities; and 

81 

laws that require the reporting of financial information or data accurately. 

In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Activities subject to these laws could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of product materials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws, standards or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 We expect to expand our organization, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We expect to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations. To manage these growth activities, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Our management may need to devote a significant amount of their attention to managing these growth activities. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion or any necessary relocation of our operations, retain key employees, or identify, recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Our inability to manage the expansion or any necessary relocation of our operations effectively may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could also require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. If we are unable to effectively manage our expected growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy, including the successful commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Bain Investor and Pfizer have significant influence over us, and may have interests different from yours. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Bain Investor and Pfizer own, collectively, approximately 56.2 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Furthermore, so long as they own certain specified amounts of our equity securities, Bain Investor and Pfizer have certain rights to nominate our directors. As long as such entities each own or control a significant percentage of outstanding voting power, they will have the ability to strongly influence all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and the size of our board of directors, any amendment of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction, including a sale of substantially all of our assets. Some or all of these entities may have interests different than yours. For example, because these entities acquired their shares at prices substantially below the price at which other stockholders may have purchased shares or have held their shares for a longer period, they may be more interested in selling our company to an acquirer than other investors or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other stockholders. 
 As a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. We have the opportunity to elect any of the exemptions afforded a controlled company. 
 Because Bain Investor and Pfizer, together, control more than a majority of the total voting power of our common stock, we are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards. Under Nasdaq rules, a company of which more than 50 of 
 82 

the voting power is held by another person or group of persons acting together is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with the following Nasdaq rules regarding corporate governance: 
 the requirement that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors; 

the requirement to have a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 

the requirement to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

the requirement of an annual performance evaluation of the nominating/corporate governance and compensation committees. 

Currently, 10 of our 11 directors are independent directors, and we have an independent nominating and corporate governance committee and an independent compensation committee. However, for as long as the controlled company exemption is available, our board of directors in the future may not consist of a majority of independent directors and may not have an independent nominating and corporate governance committee or compensation committee. As a result, in the future, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq rules regarding corporate governance. 
 Our Amended and Restated Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity does not apply with respect to certain of our stockholders, directors, non-voting observers or certain of their affiliates who are not our or our subsidiaries full-time employees. 
 The doctrine of corporate opportunity generally provides that a corporate fiduciary may not develop an opportunity using corporate resources or information obtained in their corporate capacity for their personal advantage, acquire an interest adverse to that of the corporation or acquire property that is reasonably incident to the present or prospective business of the corporation or in which the corporation has a present or expectancy interest, unless that opportunity is first presented to the corporation and the corporation chooses not to pursue that opportunity. The doctrine of corporate opportunity is intended to preclude officers, directors or other fiduciaries from personally benefiting from opportunities that belong to the corporation. 
 Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated October 27, 2020 and as amended, by and between us and the other parties thereto, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the doctrine of corporate opportunity and any analogous doctrine does not apply to (1) Bain Investor, Pfizer, ARYA Sciences Holdings II and Perceptive Life Sciences Master Fund Ltd, (2) any member of our board of directors, non-voting observer or any officer who is not our or our subsidiaries full-time employee or (3) any affiliate, partner, advisory board member, director, officer, manager, member or shareholder of Bain Investor, Pfizer, ARYA Sciences Holdings II or Perceptive Life Sciences Master Fund Ltd who is not our or our subsidiaries full-time employee (any such person listed in (1), (2) or (3) being referred to herein as an External Party). Therefore, we have renounced any interest or expectancy in, or being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities that are from time to time presented to any External Party. 
 As a result, the External Parties are not prohibited from operating or investing in competing businesses. We therefore may find ourselves in competition with the External Parties, and we may not have knowledge of, or be able to pursue, transactions that could potentially be beneficial to us. Accordingly, we may lose a corporate opportunity or suffer competitive harm, which could negatively impact our business or prospects. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and Delaware law, contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, or our bylaws, and the General Corporation Law of the state of Delaware, or the DGCL, contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors or depress the trading price of shares of our common stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our board of directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions: 
 permitting our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

that create a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered terms, with one class being elected each year by our stockholders; 

83 

regarding the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; 

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders after such date and could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a stockholder proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

requiring that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of our board of directors and stockholder meetings; 

permitting our board of directors to amend our bylaws, which may allow our board of directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

regarding advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our board of directors, and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our board of directors. 

These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in our control or changes in our board of directors or management. 
 In addition, our certificate of incorporation includes a provision substantially similar to Section 203 of the DGCL, which may prohibit certain stockholders holding 15 or more of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combinations with us for a specified period of time. 
 Our bylaws designate specific courts as the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a preferred judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents. If, however, our forum provisions are found to be unenforceable, we and our stockholders may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for state law claims for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (4) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or (5) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions will not apply to any claims arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Our bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act. In addition, our bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to these forum provisions; provided, however, that stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 These choice of forum provisions in our bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing such claims and may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it believes to be favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our federal forum provision. If our forum provisions are found to be unenforceable, we and our stockholders may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 
 84 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We rely on third parties to assist in conducting our clinical trials. If they do not perform satisfactorily, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates, or such approval or commercialization may be delayed, and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators, to conduct our clinical trials and expect to rely on these third parties to conduct clinical trials of any other product candidate that we develop. Our ability to complete clinical trials in a timely fashion depends on a number of key factors. These factors include protocol design, regulatory and IRB approval, patient enrollment rates and compliance with GCPs. We have opened clinical trial sites and are enrolling patients in a number of countries where our experience is limited. In most cases, we use the services of third parties, including CROs, to carry out our clinical trial-related activities and rely on such parties to accurately report their results. Our reliance on third parties for clinical development activities may impact or limit our control over the timing, conduct, expense and quality of our clinical trials. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with GCPs for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. The FDA enforces these GCPs through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators, clinical trial sites and IRBs. For certain commercial prescription drug products, manufacturers and other parties involved in the supply chain must also meet chain of distribution requirements and build electronic, interoperable systems for product tracking and tracing and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or other products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the United States. 
 We remain responsible for ensuring that each of our trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards. Our failure or the failure of third parties to comply with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards can result in rejection of our clinical trial data or other sanctions. If we or our third-party clinical trial providers or third-party CROs do not successfully carry out these clinical activities, our clinical trials or the potential regulatory approval of a product candidate may be delayed or be unsuccessful. Additionally, if we or our third-party contractors fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our product candidates, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCPs. We are also required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within certain timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 Furthermore, the third parties conducting clinical trials on our behalf are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such contractors, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time, skill and resources to our ongoing development programs. For instance, we have terminated the participation of one investigator involved with our clinical trials due to issues observed during a site monitoring visit, and we notified the FDA accordingly. Moreover, many CROs, including some of those that we have engaged to conduct our clinical trials, are experiencing enrollment challenges as a result of, among other things, high employee turnover driven by the post-COVID macroeconomic environment and the inexperience of new employees. Furthermore, at clinical trial sites, the availability of staff and trial participants has been limited due to a decrease in the number of clinical investigative sites across the globe. Accordingly, enrollment in some of our clinical trials has been slower than expected as a result of these changes in the post-COVID clinical trial landscape. These contractors may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could impede their ability to devote appropriate time to our clinical programs. If these third parties, including clinical investigators, do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals for our product candidates. If that occurs, we will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. In such an event, our financial results and the commercial prospects for any product candidates that we seek to develop could be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed, impaired or foreclosed. 
 We also rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or regulatory approval of our product candidates or commercialization of any resulting products, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
 Any of the third-party organizations we utilize may terminate their engagements with us under certain circumstances. The replacement of an existing CRO or other third party may result in the delay of the affected trials or otherwise adversely affect our efforts to obtain regulatory approvals and commercialize our product candidates. Although we believe we have diversified our risk by engaging a number of CROs and other third-party organizations and there are a number of other CROs we could engage to continue these activities, we may not be able to enter into alternative arrangements or do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, while we believe there may be suitable replacements for one or more of these service providers, there is a natural transition period 
 85 

when a new service provider begins work. As a result, delays may occur, which could negatively impact our ability to meet our expected clinical development timelines and harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 In particular, we plan to rely on a hybrid functional service provider, or FSP, approach, where, rather than relying on a small number of third-party services providers for a full suite of services, we plan to use a wider number of third-party service providers on an la carte basis grouped by specific function. We may not be able to realize the cost savings typically associated with the hybrid FSP approach, or this approach may require us to incur increased startup or integration costs. Our hybrid FSP approach may also require us to manage and monitor an increased number of service providers and contractual relationships. Finally, this approach may require us to handle certain functions, such as collecting, transmitting and storing patient data in compliance with applicable data privacy laws, internally rather than outsourcing them to third parties. Handling these functions internally may require us to spend more time and capital hiring and training employees, and any failure to do so successfully may negatively impact our operations. 
 Under the Funding Agreements, the Funding Investors have the right to suspend payments to us or take other actions that may be adverse to our interests in certain circumstances. 
 Under the Funding Agreements, while the Funding Investors agreed to provide up to an additional approximately 31.3 million and 25.0 million on the second and third anniversaries of the effective date of the Funding Agreements, respectively, such payments are subject to certain customary funding conditions, and, if those funding conditions are not satisfied or waived, we will not receive such payments. The Funding Investors may also suspend their obligation to make payments to us following the occurrence of enumerated events such as an uncured material breach, a material adverse effect (which includes certain adverse developments related to the development and regulatory approval of tavapadon) or a bankruptcy event. The Funding Investors obligation to make development payments will resume upon their notice to us that the condition allowing them to suspend payments has been resolved or cured to their reasonable satisfaction. The Funding Investors may terminate their obligation to make any further development payments if such condition is not resolved or cured within 12 months. If the Funding Investors payment obligations terminate in these circumstances, we will remain obligated to make the milestone and royalty payments contemplated in the Funding Agreements to the Funding Investors in the event we nonetheless receive FDA approval for tavapadon and commercialize tavapadon in the United States. Our ability to receive payments under the Funding Agreements also depends on the ability of the Funding Investors to meet their funding commitments. If we do not receive additional payments under the Funding Agreements, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We may seek to establish collaborations and, if we are not able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans. 
 The advancement of our product candidates and development programs and the potential commercialization of our current and future product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. For some of our programs, we may decide to collaborate with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with respect to development and potential commercialization. Likely collaborators may include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, regional and national pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies. In addition, if we are able to obtain regulatory approval for product candidates from foreign regulatory authorities, we may enter into collaborations with international biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies for the commercialization of such product candidates. 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the potential differentiation of our product candidate from competing product candidates, design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities and the regulatory pathway for any such approval, the potential market for the product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering the product to patients and the potential of competing products. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available for collaboration and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. Further, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. Any collaboration agreements that we enter into in the future may contain restrictions on our ability to enter into potential collaborations or to otherwise develop specified product candidates. We may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. 
 86 

If we enter into collaborations with third parties for the development and commercialization of our product candidates, our prospects with respect to those product candidates will depend in significant part on the success of those collaborations. 
 We may enter into collaborations for the development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates. If we enter into such collaborations, we will have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators will dedicate to the development or commercialization of our product candidates. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on any future collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. In addition, any future collaborators may have the right to abandon research or development projects and terminate applicable agreements, including funding obligations, prior to or upon the expiration of the agreed upon terms. 
 Collaborations involving our product candidates pose a number of risks, including the following: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs, based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates; 

a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 

disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, including trade secrets and intellectual property rights, contract interpretation, or the preferred course of development might cause delays or termination of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; and 

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 

Collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If any future collaborator of ours is involved in a business combination, it could decide to delay, diminish or terminate the development or commercialization of any product candidate licensed to it by us. 
 Our use of third parties to manufacture our product candidates may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates, raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, or drug products when needed or at an acceptable cost. 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or commercial quantities of our product candidates, and we lack the resources and the capabilities to do so. Our current strategy is to outsource all manufacturing of our product candidates to third parties. 
 We currently rely on and engage third-party manufacturers to provide all of the API and the final drug product formulation of all of our product candidates that are being used in our clinical trials and preclinical studies. Although we believe that there are several potential alternative manufacturers who could manufacture our product candidates, we may incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacement. For instance, there are a limited number of suppliers who have spray-dried dispersion capabilities required to manufacture darigabat, and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to find an alternative manufacturer at an acceptable price. In addition, we typically order raw materials, API and drug product and services on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term dedicated capacity or minimum supply arrangements with any commercial manufacturer. We may not be able to timely secure needed supply arrangements on satisfactory terms, or at all. Our failure to secure these 
 87 

arrangements as needed could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete the development of our product candidates or, to commercialize them, if approved. We may be unable to conclude agreements for commercial supply with third-party manufacturers or may be unable to do so on acceptable terms. There may be difficulties in scaling up to commercial quantities and formulation of our product candidates, and the costs of manufacturing could be prohibitive. 
 Many of the third-party manufacturers we rely on have only recently begun working with us and have limited or no experience manufacturing our API and final drug products. If our manufacturers have difficulty or suffer delays in successfully manufacturing material that meets our specifications, it may limit supply of our product candidates and could delay our clinical trials. 
 Even if we are able to establish and maintain arrangements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 the failure of the third-party manufacturer to comply with applicable regulatory requirements and reliance on third parties for manufacturing process development, regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 

manufacturing delays if our third-party manufacturers give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreement between us; 

limitations on supply availability resulting from capacity and scheduling constraints of third parties; 

the possible breach of manufacturing agreements by third parties because of factors beyond our control; 

the possible termination or non-renewal of the manufacturing agreements by the third party, at a time that is costly or inconvenient to us; and 

the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how. 

If we do not maintain our key manufacturing relationships, we may fail to find replacement manufacturers or develop our own manufacturing capabilities, which could delay or impair our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. If we do find replacement manufacturers, we may not be able to enter into agreements with them on terms and conditions favorable to us and there could be a substantial delay before new facilities could be qualified and registered with the FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Additionally, if any third-party manufacturer with whom we contract fails to perform its obligations, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we may not have the capabilities or resources, or enter into an agreement with a different manufacturer. In either scenario, our clinical trials supply could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all. In addition, if we are required to change third-party manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations. We will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new manufacturing process will produce our product candidate according to the specifications previously submitted to the FDA or another regulatory authority. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies, which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. The delays associated with the verification of a new third-party manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or commercialize our products in a timely manner or within budget. Furthermore, a third-party manufacturer may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidate that such third party owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such third-party manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such third-party manufacturer in order to have another third party manufacture our product candidates. 
 If any of our product candidates is approved by any regulatory agency, we intend to utilize arrangements with third-party contract manufacturers for the commercial production of those products. This process is difficult and time consuming and we may face competition for access to manufacturing facilities as there are a limited number of contract manufacturers operating under cGMPs that are capable of manufacturing our product candidates. Consequently, we may not be able to reach agreement with third-party manufacturers on satisfactory terms, which could delay our commercialization. 
 Some of our manufacturers are located outside of the United States. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, including China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Increased tariffs could potentially disrupt our existing supply chains and impose additional costs on our business. Additionally, it is possible further tariffs may be imposed that could affect imports of APIs used in our product candidates, or our business may be adversely impacted by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries, including restricted access to such raw materials used in our product candidates. Given the unpredictable regulatory environment in China and the United States and uncertainty regarding how the U.S. or foreign governments will act with respect to tariffs, international trade agreements and policies, further governmental action related to tariffs, additional taxes, regulatory changes or other retaliatory trade measures in the future could occur with a corresponding detrimental impact on our business and financial condition. 
 88 

Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or voluntary recalls of product candidates, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly affect supplies of our product candidates. The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be evaluated by the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMPs. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, we may not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates manufactured at these facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA finds deficiencies or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. Contract manufacturers may face manufacturing or quality control problems causing drug substance production and shipment delays or a situation where the contractor may not be able to maintain compliance with the applicable cGMP requirements. Any failure to comply with cGMP requirements or other FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory requirements could adversely affect our clinical research activities and our ability to develop our product candidates and market our products, if approved. 
 The FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities require manufacturers to register manufacturing facilities. The FDA and corresponding foreign regulators also inspect these facilities to confirm compliance with cGMPs. 
 Contract manufacturers may face manufacturing or quality control problems causing drug substance production and shipment delays or a situation where the contractor may not be able to maintain compliance with the applicable cGMP requirements. Any failure to comply with cGMP requirements or other FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory requirements could adversely affect our clinical research activities and our ability to develop our product candidates and market our products following approval, if obtained. 
 If any third-party manufacturer of our product candidates is unable to increase the scale of its production of our product candidates or increase the product yield of its manufacturing, then our manufacturing costs may increase and commercialization may be delayed. 
 In order to produce sufficient quantities to meet the demand for clinical trials and, if approved, subsequent commercialization of our product candidates, our third-party manufacturers will be required to increase their production and optimize their manufacturing processes while maintaining the quality of our product candidates. The transition to larger scale production could prove difficult. In addition, if our third-party manufacturers are not able to optimize their manufacturing processes to increase the product yield for our product candidates, or if they are unable to produce increased amounts of our product candidates while maintaining the same quality then we may not be able to meet the demands of clinical trials or market demands, which could decrease our ability to generate profits and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 We may need to maintain licenses for APIs from third parties to develop and commercialize some of our product candidates, which could increase our development costs and delay our ability to commercialize those product candidates. 
 Should we decide to use any APIs in any of our product candidates that are proprietary to one or more third parties, we would need to maintain licenses to those APIs from those third parties. If we are unable to gain or continue to access rights to these APIs prior to conducting preclinical toxicology studies intended to support clinical trials, we may need to develop alternate product candidates from these programs by either accessing or developing alternate APIs, resulting in increased development costs and delays in commercialization of these product candidates. If we are unable to gain or maintain continued access rights to the desired APIs on commercially reasonable terms or develop suitable alternate APIs, we may not be able to commercialize product candidates from these programs. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities must also approve the manufacturing and marketing of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies 
 89 

or clinical trials, as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
 We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval of any product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 
 If any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, we will be subject to continued compliance with cGMP and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations and applicable product tracking and tracing requirements. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA, other marketing application and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. Certain endpoint data we hope to include in any approved product labeling also may not make it into such labeling, including exploratory or secondary endpoint data such as patient-reported outcome measures. The FDA may also require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, or REMS, program as a condition of approval of our product candidates, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA, EMA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. 
 The FDA may impose consent decrees or withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or withdrawal of approvals; 

product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

Additionally, under FDORA, sponsors of approved drugs and biologics must provide 6 months notice to the FDA of any changes in marketing status, such as the withdrawal of a drug, and failure to do so could result in the FDA placing the product on a list of discontinued products, which would revoke the product s ability to be marketed. The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The policies of the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our 
 90 

product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 While we may in the future seek designations for our product candidates with the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities that are intended to confer benefits such as a faster development process, an accelerated regulatory pathway or regulatory exclusivity, there can be no assurance that we will successfully obtain such designations. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates are granted such designations, we may not be able to realize the intended benefits of such designations. 
 The FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities offer certain designations for product candidates that are designed to encourage the research and development of product candidates that are intended to address conditions with significant unmet medical need. These designations may confer benefits such as additional interaction with regulatory authorities, a potentially accelerated regulatory pathway and priority review. However, there can be no assurance that we will successfully obtain such designations for our product candidates. In addition, while such designations could expedite the development or approval process, they generally do not change the standards for approval. Even if we obtain such designations for our product candidates, there can be no assurance that we will realize their intended benefits. 
 For example, we may seek a Breakthrough Therapy Designation for some of our product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a therapy that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other therapies, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the therapy may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. As a condition of approval under the accelerated approval pathway, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well controlled post-marketing clinical trials. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence, and the FDA is permitted to require, as appropriate, that such studies be underway prior to approval or within a specified period after the date of approval. Sponsors must also update FDA on the status of these studies, and under FDORA, the FDA has increased authority to withdraw approval of a drug granted accelerated approval on an expedited basis if the sponsor fails to conduct such studies in a timely manner, send the necessary updates to the FDA, or if such post-approval studies fail to verify the drug s predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires, unless otherwise informed by the agency, pre-approval of promotional materials for products receiving accelerated approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. For therapies that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Therapies designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA are also eligible for accelerated approval. Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy Designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to therapies considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that such product candidates no longer meet the conditions for qualification. 
 The FDA has granted Fast Track Designation for emraclidine for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Alzheimer's disease psychosis and CVL-871 for the treatment of dementia-related apathy, and we may seek Fast Track Designation for some of our other product candidates. If a therapy is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the therapy demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the therapy sponsor may apply for Fast Track Designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, there can be no assurance that the FDA would decide to grant it. The receipt of Fast Track Designation for emraclidine for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Alzheimer's disease psychosis and for CVL-871 for the treatment of dementia-related apathy, and any future receipt of Fast Track Designation for other product candidates, does not guarantee a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures, and receiving a Fast Track Designation does not provide assurance of ultimate FDA approval. In addition, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 Some of our programs may be partially supported by government grant awards, which may not be available to us in the future or subject us to federal regulations such as march-in rights, certain reporting requirements and a preference for U.S. industry. 
 We have received a notice of award for cooperative grant funding from the National Institute on Drug Abuse, or NIDA, to support the development of CVL-354 in opioid use disorder. To fund a portion of our future research and development programs, we may apply for additional grant funding from NIDA or other governmental agencies. However, funding by these governmental agencies may be significantly reduced or eliminated in the future for a number of reasons. For example, some programs are subject to 
 91 

a yearly appropriations process in Congress. In addition, we may not receive full funding under current or future grants because of budgeting constraints of the agency administering the program or unsatisfactory progress on the study being funded. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will receive any future grant funding from any government agencies, or, that if received, we will receive the full amount of the particular grant award. Any such reductions could delay the development of our product candidates. 
 Moreover, any intellectual property rights generated through the use of U.S. government funding are subject to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, or Bayh-Dole Act. These U.S. government rights in certain inventions developed under a government-funded program include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government has the right to require us to grant exclusive, partially exclusive, or non-exclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third party if the government determines that: (1) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (2) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (3) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations, which we refer to as march-in rights. The U.S. government also has the right to take title to these inventions if we fail, or the applicable licensor fails, to disclose the invention to the government, elect title, and file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. In addition, the U.S. government may acquire title to these inventions in any country in which a patent application is not filed within specified time limits. Intellectual property generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us, or the applicable licensor, to expend substantial resources. In addition, the U.S. government requires that any products embodying the subject invention or produced through the use of the subject invention be manufactured substantially in the United States. The manufacturing preference requirement can be waived if the owner of the intellectual property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible. 
 As a result of any funding from NIDA, or if we enter into future arrangements involving government funding, and we make inventions as a result of such funding, intellectual property rights to such discoveries may be subject to the applicable provisions of the Bayh-Dole Act. To the extent any of our current or future intellectual property is generated through the use of U.S. government funding, the provisions of the Bayh-Dole Act may similarly apply. Any exercise by the government of certain of its rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our relationships with healthcare providers and physicians and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufacturers to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct research and would sell, market and distribute our products. As a pharmaceutical company, even though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, federal and state healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for the purchase, lease, order, arrangement, or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. Violations are subject to civil fines and criminal penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act or federal civil money penalties; 

the federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, such as the federal False Claims Act, which impose criminal and civil penalties and authorize civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for, among other things: knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent; knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false statement of record material to a false or fraudulent claim or obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Manufacturers can be held liable under the federal False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The federal False Claims Act 

92 

also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the federal False Claims Act and to share in any monetary recovery; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits, among other things, a person from knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or representations in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as further amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published in January 2013, which impose certain requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their respective business associates, independent contractors or agents of covered entities, that perform services for them that involve the use, creation, maintenance, receipt or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, there are additional federal, state and non-U.S. laws which govern the privacy and security of health and other personal information in certain circumstances to which we may be subject and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts; 

the U.S. federal transparency requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the ACA, including the provision commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require applicable manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the U.S. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians, nurse practitioners, certified nurse anesthetists, physician assistants, clinical nurse specialists, and certified nurse midwives as well as teaching hospitals and to disclose ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

federal government price reporting laws, which require manufacturers to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs; 

federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 

many state laws that govern the privacy of personal information in specified circumstances. For example, in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, establishes a new privacy framework for covered businesses by creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data privacy rights for consumers in the State of California, imposing special rules on the sale of personal information, and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for violations of the CCPA and for businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. While clinical trial data and information governed by HIPAA are currently exempt from the CCPA, other personal information collection practices may be subject to the CCPA and possible changes to the CCPA may broaden its scope. 

Additionally, we are subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws and regulations described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of the payor. Many U.S. states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act, and may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental payors, including private insurers. In addition, some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and/or the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America s Code on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals. Several states also impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Privacy and data protection laws from outside of the United States, including, for example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data Protection Act 2018, or, collectively, the GDPR, also govern the privacy and security of personal information, including health information in some circumstances, and many of these laws differ from each other in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. In addition, in 
 93 

the United States, there are a number of states that have enacted laws that govern the privacy and security of personal information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements and if we fail to comply with an applicable state law requirement we could be subject to penalties. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare and privacy laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 
 Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, individual imprisonment, reputational harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time consuming, and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment. If any of the above occur, our ability to operate our business and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, if approved, which could make it difficult for us to sell any product candidates profitably. 
 The success of our product candidates, if approved, depends on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for, or accurately estimate the potential revenue from, our product candidates or assure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we may develop. 
 Patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. 
 Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of product candidates, once approved. Patients are unlikely to use our product candidates, once approved, unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of their cost. There is significant uncertainty related to insurance coverage and reimbursement 
 94 

of newly approved products. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 
 Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. Payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and other third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 We expect that healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals or clearances of our product candidates, if any, may be. 
 In addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 Ongoing healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example, (1) changes to our manufacturing arrangements, (2) additions or modifications to product labeling, (3) the recall or discontinuation of our products or (4) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of products have been a focus in this effort. There have been a number of federal and state proposals during the last few years regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical products, limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for drugs and other medical products, government control and other changes to the healthcare system in the United States. Governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. For instance, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, was signed into law. The IRA includes several provisions that will impact our business to varying degrees, including provisions that allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D pricing for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition, require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for drug prices that increase faster than inflation, create a 2,000 out-of-pocket cap for 
 95 

Medicare Part D beneficiaries, impose new manufacturer financial liability on all drugs in Medicare Part D and delay the rebate rule that would require pass through of pharmacy benefit manager rebates to beneficiaries. In particular, the IRA allows CMS to begin negotiating prices for certain high-cost Medicare-covered small molecule drugs after they have spent seven years on the market. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. All of our disclosed product candidates are small molecule drugs and certain of them are being developed in indications that may rely heavily on Medicare reimbursement, such as Parkinson s disease and Alzheimer s disease psychosis. Accordingly, these new price-negotiation provisions may have a negative impact on our future revenue and profits. The effect of IRA on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet fully known. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our revenue generated from the sale of any approved products. Even if we do receive a favorable coverage determination for our products by third-party payors, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their commercial products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. Congress has indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 These laws, and future state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. 
 Off-label use or misuse of our product candidates may harm our reputation in the marketplace or result in injuries that lead to costly product liability suits. 
 If our product candidates are approved by the FDA, we may only promote or market our product candidates in a manner consistent with their FDA-approved labeling. We will train our marketing and sales force against promoting our product candidates for uses outside of the approved indications for use, known as off-label uses. We cannot, however, prevent a physician from using our product candidates off-label, when in the physician s independent professional medical judgment he or she deems it appropriate. Furthermore, the use of our product candidates for indications other than those approved by the FDA may not effectively treat such conditions. Any such off-label use of our product candidates could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients. There may also be increased risk of injury to patients if physicians attempt to use our product candidates for these uses for which they are not approved, which could lead to product liability suits that might require significant financial and management resources and that could harm our reputation. 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA or other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA or other government agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, including as a result of reaching the debt ceiling, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 Since March 2020, when foreign and domestic inspections were largely placed on hold, the FDA has been working to resume pre-pandemic levels of inspection activities, including for routine surveillance, bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections. Should the FDA determine that an inspection is necessary for approval and an inspection cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the FDA does not determine a remote interactive evaluation to be adequate, the FDA has stated that it 
 96 

generally intends to issue, depending on the circumstances a complete response letter or defer action on the application until an inspection can be completed. During the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. 
 EU drug marketing and reimbursement regulations may materially affect our ability to market and receive coverage for our products in the EU Member States. 
 We intend to seek approval to market our product candidates in both the United States and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our product candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in the European Union, the pricing of drugs is subject to governmental control and other market regulations which could put pressure on the pricing and usage of our product candidates. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a product candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures. 
 Much like the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibition in the United States, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the European Union. The provision of benefits or advantages to reward improper performance generally is typically governed by the national anti-bribery laws of EU Member States and the Bribery Act 2010 in the United Kingdom. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. EU Directive 2001/83/EC, which is the EU Directive governing medicinal products for human use, further provides that, where medicinal products are being promoted to persons qualified to prescribe or supply them, no gifts, pecuniary advantages or benefits in kind may be supplied, offered or promised to such persons unless they are inexpensive and relevant to the practice of medicine or pharmacy. This provision has been transposed into the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 and so remains applicable in the United Kingdom despite its departure from the European Union. 
 Payments made to physicians in certain EU Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. 
 In addition, in some foreign countries, including some countries in the European Union, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, some EU Member States have the option to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. Reference pricing used by various EU Member States and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced EU Member States, can further reduce prices. An EU Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. In some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of any of our product candidates to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for biopharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Publication of discounts by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. If pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels or if reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, our revenues from sales and the potential profitability of any of our product candidates in those countries would be negatively affected. 
 We are subject to evolving global data protection laws and regulations, which may require us to incur substantial compliance costs, and any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations may harm our business and operations. 
 The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we may be or become subject to or affected by numerous federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, as well as regulatory guidance, governing the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, security and processing of personal data, such as information that we collect about participants and healthcare providers in connection with clinical trials. Implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, which may create uncertainty in our business, affect our or our service providers ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer use and share personal data, result in liability or impose additional compliance or other costs on us. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state, or foreign laws or self-regulatory standards could result in negative publicity, diversion of management time and effort and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. For example, states, such as California, 
 97 

Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut have recently enacted consumer privacy laws that grant rights to data subjects and places privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. While we are not currently subject to laws such as the CCPA, some observers note that the CCPA and similar legislation could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business. 
 In addition to our operations in the United States, which may be subject to healthcare and other laws relating to the privacy and security of health information and other personal information, we may seek to conduct clinical trials in the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area, or the EEA, and may become subject to additional European data privacy laws, regulations and guidelines. We will be subject to the data protection laws of the European Union and United Kingdom in relation to personal data we collect from these territories. These laws impose additional obligations and risk upon our business, including substantial expenses and changes to business operations that are required to comply with these laws. The withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, or Brexit, and the subsequent separation of the data protection regimes of these territories mean we are required to comply with separate data protection laws in the European Union and United Kingdom, which may lead to additional compliance costs and could increase our overall risk. 
 The GDPR, which deals with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, imposes a broad range of strict requirements, including requirements relating to having lawful bases for processing personal data and transferring such information outside the EEA/UK, including to the United States, providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal data, keeping personal data secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal data, responding to individuals requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal data, reporting security breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments and record-keeping. 
 The GDPR imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EEA/UK to countries not regarded by European Commission and the United Kingdom government as providing adequate protection, or the third countries, including the United States. These transfers are prohibited unless an appropriate safeguard specified by data protection laws is implemented, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses, or the SCCs, approved by the European Commission, or a derogation applies. The UK has published its own transfer mechanism, the International Data Transfer Agreement and International Data Transfer Addendum, or the IDTA, which enables transfers from the UK and has implemented a similar Transfer Equivalence Test. We will be required to carry out Equivalence Tests and transition to the new form of SCCs and IDTA in relation to our existing agreements with service providers outside the EEA/UK who we utilize for the processing of EEA/UK personal data and any other parties outside the EEA/UK who we transfer EEA/UK personal data to. The international transfer obligations under the EU and UK data protection regimes will require effort and cost and may result in us needing to make strategic considerations around where EEA/UK personal data is located and which service providers we can utilize for the processing of EEA/UK personal data, particularly as the enforcement around GDPR international transfer compliance obligations is currently unclear. The UK Government has also now introduced a Data Protection and Digital Information Bill, or the UK Bill, into the UK legislative process with the intention for this bill to reform the UK s data protection regime following Brexit. If passed, the final version of the UK Bill may have the effect of further altering the similarities between the UK and EU data protection regime. This may lead to additional compliance costs and could increase our overall risk. 
 We cannot assure you that our efforts to comply with any obligations under European privacy laws will be sufficient. If we are investigated by a European data protection authority, we may face fines and other penalties. Any such investigation or charges by European data protection authorities could have a negative effect on our reputation and materially harm our business. 
 As a result of our business combination with a special purpose acquisition company, regulatory obligations may impact us differently than other publicly traded companies. 
 On October 27, 2020, Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. completed a business combination with ARYA, a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, pursuant to which we became a publicly traded company. As a result of this transaction, regulatory obligations have, and may continue, to impact us differently than other publicly traded companies. For instance, the SEC and other regulatory agencies may issue additional guidance or apply further regulatory scrutiny to companies like us that have completed a business combination with a SPAC. Managing this regulatory environment, which has and may continue to evolve, could divert management s attention from the operation of our business, negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital when needed or have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 98 

Additional laws and regulations governing international operations could negatively impact or restrict our operations. 
 If we further expand our operations outside of the United States, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If we expand our presence outside of the United States, it will require us to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing or selling certain products and product candidates outside of the United States, which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. 
 The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations. 
 Among other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations, which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, CROs, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase in time. We plan to engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations and other regulatory approvals and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We depend and expect in the future to continue to depend on in-licensed intellectual property. Such licenses impose obligations on our business, and if we fail to comply with those obligations, we could lose license rights, which would substantially harm our business. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. We are and may in the future become a party to license agreements pursuant to which we in-license key intellectual property for our product candidates and their use. Soon after we began our operations in July 2018, we entered into the Pfizer License Agreement pursuant to which we in-licensed substantially all of our current product candidates and the patents and patent applications related to them. The Pfizer License Agreement excludes the field of treatment of prevention, diagnosis, control and maintenance of inflammatory bowel diseases and disorders in humans by compounds or products exerting a therapeutic effect on Leucine-Rich Repeat Kinase 2, or the LRRK2 field, which is retained by Pfizer. The Pfizer License Agreement imposes various diligence, milestone payments, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. For example, under the terms of the Pfizer License Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonably efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for each of the product candidates licensed to us in certain designated countries. If we fail to comply with any of these obligations, Pfizer may have the right to terminate the Pfizer License Agreement, in which event we would not be able to develop or market our product candidates covered by such licensed intellectual property. Upon Pfizer s termination of the Pfizer License Agreement for our material breach or either party s termination for bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding or force majeure, we would grant Pfizer an exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license under certain intellectual property we develop during the term of the Pfizer License Agreement. Any termination of our 
 99 

existing or future licenses could result in the loss of significant rights and would cause material adverse harm to our ability to commercialize our product candidates. See the section entitled Business Pfizer License Agreement in this Annual Report for additional information. 
 Additionally, Pfizer has an exclusive right of first negotiation in the event that we seek to enter into any significant transaction with a third party with respect to a product either globally or in certain designated countries. Significant transactions include exclusive licenses, assignments, sales, exclusive co-promotion arrangements, and other transfers of all commercial rights to a product globally or in the designated countries, as well as exclusive distribution agreements globally or in certain designated countries. This right of first negotiation may limit or delay our ability to enter into arrangements with other companies related to our product candidates and could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or change of control of our company. 
 Disputes may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of in-licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. 

If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. The Pfizer License Agreement imposes, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various diligence, milestone payments, royalty, insurance and other obligations, and our failure to comply could give the applicable licensor a right to terminate the license, thereby impairing or preventing us from developing and marketing the product candidates covered by the applicable agreement. 
 Although we have the right to control the maintenance, prosecution and enforcement of rights in-licensed under the Pfizer License Agreement, we are required to conduct our activities in compliance with the terms of the Pfizer License Agreement, which imposes on us certain obligations and grants Pfizer certain rights with respect to these activities. Additionally, we may have limited control over the maintenance, prosecution or enforcement of other rights that we in-license, and we may also have limited control over activities previously or separately conducted by our licensors. For example, we cannot be certain that activities conducted by Pfizer or any other present or future licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. We may also have limited control over other intellectual property that is not licensed to us but that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. We may have limited control over the manner in which our licensors initiate an infringement proceeding against a third-party infringer of the intellectual property or defend certain of the intellectual property that is licensed to us. It is possible that the licensors infringement proceedings or defense activities may be less vigorous than had we conducted them ourselves. 
 We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we own, as we are for intellectual property that we license, which are described below. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could materially suffer. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property, and patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our commercial success will depend in large part on obtaining and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection for our proprietary technologies and our product candidates, their respective components, formulations, combination therapies, methods used to manufacture them and methods of treatment, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop unauthorized third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our product candidates is affected by the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents that cover these activities. If our patents expire, or we are unable to secure and maintain patent protection for any product or technology we develop, or if the scope of the patent protection secured is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop may be adversely affected. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the statutory expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. While various extensions such as patent term adjustments and/or extensions, may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Our current composition of matter 
 100 

patents, and patents that may issue from our pending patent applications, covering new chemical entities, pharmaceutical compositions comprising those entities, and their use in methods of treating various diseases and/or disorders, which we licensed from Pfizer, in connection with the formation of our company, are expected to expire between 2033 and 2039, not including any patent term extensions or adjustments. Our earliest patents may expire before, or soon after, our product candidates achieve marketing approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. Once the patents protecting any of our product candidates expire, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generics. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. The expiration of the patents covering our lead product candidates, and our inability to secure additional patent protection, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 The patenting process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In addition, we may not pursue or obtain patent protection in all relevant markets. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are reliant on our licensors or licensees. 
 The strength of patents in the biopharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license now or in the future may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other countries. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, the patents covering our product candidates may not adequately protect our product candidates or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. 
 In addition, because some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, and most patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our issued patents or any pending applications, or that we or, if applicable, a licensor were the first to invent the technology or file patent applications directed to it. Our competitors also may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering our products or technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our patents or any patent applications, which could require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. Furthermore, for U.S. applications in which at least one claim is entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of the application. For U.S. applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date after March 16, 2013, third parties can provoke derivations proceedings to determine if we or our licensor, as the case may be, derived the invention from them. 
 If we or one of our licensors is a party to such proceedings involving a U.S. patent application on inventions owned by or in-licensed to us, we may incur substantial costs, divert management s time and expend other resources, even if we are successful. An unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 We may be required to disclaim part or all of the term of certain patents or certain patent applications. There may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability of a patent claim. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. No assurance can be given that if challenged, our patents would not be held by a court to be invalid or unenforceable or that even if our patents are valid and enforceable, a competitor s technology or product would be found by a court to infringe our patents. We may analyze patents or patent applications of our competitors that we believe are relevant to our activities, and consider that we are free to operate in relation to our product candidates, but our competitors may achieve issued claims, including in patents we consider to be unrelated, which block our efforts or may potentially result in our product candidates or our activities infringing such claims. The possibility exists that others will independently develop products which have the same effect as our products and which do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property rights or will design around the claims of patents that cover our products. 
 The degree of future protection for our patent applications and patents is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make or use compounds that are similar to the compositions of our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents or to design around those claims; 

101 

the APIs in our current product candidates may eventually become commercially available in generic drug products, and no patent protection may be available with regard to their formulation or method of use; 

we or our licensors, as the case may be, may fail to meet our obligations to the U.S. government in regard to any in-licensed patents and patent applications funded by U.S. government grants, leading to the loss of patent rights or their exclusivity; 

we or our licensors, as the case may be, might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not result in issued patents; 

it is possible that there are prior public disclosures that could invalidate our or our licensors patents, as the case may be, or parts of our or their patents; 

it is possible that there are unpublished applications or patent applications maintained in secrecy that may later issue with claims covering our products or technology similar to ours; 

the laws of foreign countries may not protect our or our licensors , as the case may be, patent rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States; 

the claims of our owned or in-licensed issued patents or patent applications, if and when issued, may not cover our product candidates; 

our owned or in-licensed issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages, may be narrowed in scope, or be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties; 

the inventors of owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications may become involved with competitors, develop products or processes which design around our patents, or become hostile to us or the patents or patent applications on which they are named as inventors; 

it is possible that our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications omit individual(s) that should be listed as inventor(s) or include individual(s) that should not be listed as inventor(s), which may cause these patents or patents issuing from these patent applications to be held invalid or unenforceable because such omissions or inclusions are held to be done with deceptive intent; 

we may engage in scientific collaborations with one or more third parties, and such collaborators may develop adjacent or competing products to ours that are outside the scope of our patents; or 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies for which we can obtain patent protection. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we rely heavily upon know-how and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual or entity during the course of the party s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived or completed by the individual, and which are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary information, are our exclusive property. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures. Such measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may, for example, not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. 
 Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, the subject of our trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets than U.S. courts. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. 
 102 

If we choose to go to court to stop a third party from using any of our trade secrets, we may incur substantial costs. These lawsuits may consume our time and other resources even if we are successful. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe their intellectual property rights. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or their methods of use or manufacture. There may also be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court or jury to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, or uses or formulations thereof, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. Even if we obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and any patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 If a third party claims that we infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 
 infringement and other intellectual property claims, which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our technical and management personnel's attention from our core business; 

substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court or jury decides that the product candidate or technology at issue infringes on or violates the third party s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner s attorneys fees; 

a court prohibiting us from developing, manufacturing, marketing or selling our product candidates, or from using our proprietary technologies, unless the third party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do; 

if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and other amounts, and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our products; and 

redesigning our product candidates or processes so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. 

In any third-party litigation, there could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Generally, conducting clinical trials and other development activities in the United States is protected under the Safe Harbor exemption as set forth in 35 U.S.C. 271. If and when any of our product candidates are approved by the FDA, third parties may then seek to enforce their U.S. patents by filing a patent infringement lawsuit against us. While we may believe that any claims of such patents that could otherwise materially adversely affect commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, and of which we are 
 103 

now aware, are not valid and enforceable, we may be incorrect in this belief, or we may not be able to prove it in a litigation. In this regard, patents issued in the United States by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted only with evidence that is clear and convincing, a heightened standard of proof. 
 Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. 
 Third parties may assert that our employees, consultants, collaborators or partners have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biopharmaceutical or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, and although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. This risk is similarly applicable with respect to claims by third parties against any current or future licensors. 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of the patents and other intellectual property that we own or license now or in the future. 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an ownership interest in the patents and intellectual property that we in-license or that we may own or in-license in the future. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own or such assignments may not be self-executing, for example, as part of employment or consulting agreements, or may be breached. Our licensors may face similar obstacles. We or our licensors could be subject to ownership disputes arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against any claims challenging inventorship or ownership, including in derivation proceedings in the USPTO. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, we may have to pay monetary damages and may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to develop any future product candidates on acceptable terms. 
 Because our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. 
 For example, we may develop products containing our compounds and pre-existing pharmaceutical compounds. Our product candidates may also require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and rights to these formulations may be held by others. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, formulations, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that may be necessary or important to our business operations. We may also fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all, which would harm our business. We may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by such third-party intellectual property rights, and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe on such intellectual property rights which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop or in-license such alternatives or replacement technology, which may not be feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. 
 Additionally, we may from time to time collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. In certain cases, these institutions may provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to others, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. In many cases, these institutions also have obligations to the U.S. government or other funding sources. These obligations may restrict the scope of any license that we may be able to negotiate. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property or to maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of such program and our business and financial condition could suffer. 
 104 

The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to acquire. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any product candidates we may develop, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Action of 1984, or Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent per eligible drug may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, an approved method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Patent term extensions tied to marketing approval in foreign jurisdictions may also be available for our patents. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter such infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims in various jurisdictions, which can be expensive and time-consuming. If legal proceedings are initiated against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the third-party defendant could counterclaim that the patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to validity, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware, or not appreciative of its potential relevance, during prosecution. Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. In addition, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that the public interest favors the third party s continued use of our technology on a royalty basis. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could also put any related patent applications at risk of not issuing or being unable to be the basis of future litigation. Defense of these claims of invalidity, regardless of their merit, as well as assertion of our infringement claims, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. If we are otherwise unable to adequately protect our rights, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and product candidates. 
 Third parties may also choose to challenge the patentability of claims in our U.S. patents by requesting that the USPTO review the patent claims in an ex-parte re-examination, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings. These proceedings are expensive and may consume our time or other resources. Third parties may also choose to challenge our patents in patent opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, or EPO, or similar proceedings in other foreign patent offices. The costs of these opposition or nullity proceedings could be substantial and may consume our time or other resources. If we fail to obtain a favorable result at the USPTO, EPO or other patent offices, then our patents may be cancelled or narrowed in scope. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during such litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 105 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on patents and patent applications are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent applications and patents. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies also require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent application process and following the issuance of a patent. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result, if not cured, in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Changes in patent law in the United States and in ex-U.S. jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing and proposing wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents, particularly those directed to pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products and uses could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. We cannot predict how these decisions or any future decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. Similarly, any adverse changes in the patent laws of other jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Recent or future patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our patents. Under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or America Invents Act, enacted in 2013, the United States moved from a first-to-invent to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. The America Invents Act includes a number of other significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and establish a new post-grant review system. The effects of these changes are now being felt in the prosecution of pending patent applications and the enforcement of issued patents. The effect of these changes could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, now and in the future, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world is expensive. While many of our licensed patents, including the patents covering our lead product candidates, have been issued in major markets and other countries, our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States where we have issued patents, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in other jurisdictions. Competitors may also use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we do not have patent protection or where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products in and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent such competition. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us or our licensors to stop the infringement of our owned or licensed patents or marketing of competing products by third parties in violation of our proprietary rights generally. The initiation of proceedings for infringement against third parties or by third parties to challenge the scope or validity of our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could also result in 
 106 

substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and any related patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us or our licensors. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate or are initiated against us and the damages or other remedies awarded in lawsuits that we initiate, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Convertible Senior Notes 
 The amount of our future losses is uncertain and our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly or fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including the following: 
 the timing and success or failure of clinical trials for our product candidates or competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, 

our ability to successfully recruit and retain subjects for clinical trials, and any delays caused by difficulties in such efforts, including as a result of COVID-19; 

the risk/benefit profile, cost and reimbursement policies with respect to our product candidates, if approved, and existing and potential future therapeutics that compete with our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain marketing approval for our product candidates and the timing and scope of any such approvals we may receive; 

the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research and development activities relating to our product candidates, which may change from time to time; 

the cost of manufacturing our product candidates, which may vary depending on the quantity of production and the terms of our agreements with manufacturers; 

our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; 

expenditures that we will or may incur to develop additional product candidates; 

the level of demand for our product candidates should they receive approval, which may vary significantly; 

the changing and volatile U.S. and global economic environments; and 

future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies. 

The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our operating results or revenue fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide. 
 107 

Because of potential volatility in our trading price and trading volume, we may incur significant costs from class action securities litigation. 
 The stock market in general, and Nasdaq and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Historically, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business, operating results, or financial condition. Additionally, the dramatic increase in the cost of directors and officers liability insurance may cause us to opt for lower overall policy limits or to forgo insurance that we may otherwise rely on to cover significant defense costs, settlements, and damages awarded to plaintiffs. 
 Conversion of the 2027 Notes will dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 The conversion of some or all of the 2027 Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2027 Notes may encourage sales of our common stock by investors who view the 2027 Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in us and/or short selling of our common stock pursuant to hedging or arbitrage activity that we expect many investors in the 2027 Notes to employ. In addition, anticipated conversion of the 2027 Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees and directors under our stock incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 
 Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under the 2027 Notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 496.6 million of liabilities, including 57.3 million of secured financing liabilities pursuant to the Funding Agreements and 335.5 million aggregate carrying value of indebtedness pursuant to the 2027 Notes. We may also incur additional indebtedness (including financial liabilities) to meet future financing needs. We are not restricted under the terms of the Indenture from incurring additional debt, securing then-existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Indenture that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, including the 2027 Notes, when due. 
 Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms or at all; 

requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; 

limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; 

108 

diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion of the 2027 Notes; and 

placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 

Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts due under our indebtedness, including the 2027 Notes, and our cash needs may increase in the future. In addition, any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under any then-existing indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under any then-existing indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and any then-existing other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
 We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the 2027 Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion, and any other then-existing indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the 2027 Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. 
 Noteholders may, subject to a limited exception, require us to repurchase their 2027 Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, upon conversion, we will satisfy part or all of our conversion obligation in cash unless we elect to settle conversions solely in shares of our common stock. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the 2027 Notes or pay any cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing any other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the 2027 Notes or pay any cash amounts due upon conversion. Our failure to repurchase the 2027 Notes or pay any cash amounts due upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the Indenture. A default under the Indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing any other indebtedness, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under any other indebtedness and the 2027 Notes. For additional information on the 2027 Notes, please read Note 9, 2027 Convertible Senior Notes , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Provisions in the Indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. 
 Certain provisions in the 2027 Notes and the Indenture could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the 2027 Notes and the Indenture could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that holders of our common stock may view as favorable. 
 The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the 2027 Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 The accounting method for reflecting the 2027 Notes on our consolidated balance sheets, accruing interest expense for the 2027 Notes and reflecting the underlying shares of our common stock in our reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board published an Accounting Standards Update, which we refer to as ASU 2020-06, which simplified certain of the accounting standards that apply to convertible notes. ASU 2020-06 eliminated the cash conversion and beneficial conversion feature models that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features as a component of equity. Instead, the entity would account for the convertible debt or convertible preferred stock securities as a single unit of account, unless the conversion features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. Additionally, the guidance requires entities to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments in the diluted earnings per share calculation and to include the effect of potential share settlement for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares. ASU 2020-06 became effective for us beginning on January 1, 2022. 
 In accordance with ASU 2020-06, the 2027 Notes are reflected as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets, with the initial carrying amount equal to the principal amount of the 2027 Notes, net of issuance costs. The issuance costs are treated as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which will be amortized into interest expense over the term of the 2027 Notes. As a result of this amortization, the interest expense that we expect to recognize for the 2027 Notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments we will pay on the 2027 Notes, which will result in lower reported net income or higher reported net loss, as the case may be. 
 109 

In addition, the shares of common stock underlying the 2027 Notes are reflected in our diluted earnings per share using the if converted method, in accordance with ASU 2020-06. Under that method, diluted earnings per share would generally be calculated assuming that all the 2027 Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted earnings per share to the extent we are profitable in the future, and accounting standards may change in the future in a manner that may adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. 
 Furthermore, in certain circumstances, including if any of the conditions to the convertibility of the 2027 Notes is satisfied, then we may be required under applicable accounting standards to reclassify the liability carrying value of the 2027 Notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability. This reclassification could be required even if no noteholders convert their 2027 Notes and could materially reduce our reported working capital. 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities by us may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 In the future, we may attempt to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our common stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity or shares of preferred stock. Future acquisitions could require substantial additional capital in excess of cash from operations. We would expect to obtain the capital required for acquisitions through a combination of additional issuances of equity, corporate indebtedness and/or cash from operations. 
 Issuing additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock or both. Upon liquidation, holders of such debt securities and preferred shares, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing and nature of our future offerings. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Changes in tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state, and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application), including with respect to net operating losses and research and development tax credits, could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. Future changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. We urge investors to consult with their legal and tax advisers regarding the implications of potential changes in tax laws on an investment in our common stock. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our common stock. 
 Securities research analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for us. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our share price may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us downgrades our 
 110 

stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, our share price or trading volume could decline. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 If Nasdaq delists our shares of common stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet Nasdaq s listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The price of our common stock may be volatile. 
 The price of our common stock may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 changes in the industries in which we and our customers operate; 

variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors in general; 

material and adverse impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on the markets and the broader global economy; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

publication of research reports by securities analysts about us, our competitors or our industry; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 

our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to the market; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the volume of shares of our common stock available for public sale; and 

general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, foreign currency fluctuations, international tariffs, social, political and economic risks and acts of war or terrorism. 

These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of shares of our common stock regardless of our operating performance. 
 111 

Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pro perties. 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts and consist of approximately 61,000 square feet of leased office space. The space serves as the location of our corporate headquarters and is comprised of office and laboratory space. The lease expires in 2030, subject to our option to extend the lease for two five-year terms. 
 We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current and anticipated near-term needs and that suitable additional or substitute space would be available if needed. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may be party to litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We are currently not a party to any material legal proceedings and, to the best of our knowledge, no material legal proceedings are currently pending or threatened. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 112 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol CERE . On February 10, 2023, the closing price of our common stock was 32.67 per share. 
 Holders of Our Common Stock 
 As of February 10, 2023, we had approximately six holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the growth and development of our business. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future. Investors should not purchase our common stock with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. 
 Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index over the same period. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100.00 in our common stock at the market close on July 30, 2020, which was approximately the date on which the Class A common shares and redeemable warrants comprising the units sold in the initial public offering of ARYA, our predecessor, began separate trading. Data for the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index assume reinvestment of dividends. Total return equals stock price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends. 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. 
 113 

The information included under the heading Performance Graph is furnished and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be soliciting material subject to Regulation 14A or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Item 6. Re served. 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. You should carefully read the section entitled Risk Factors to gain an understanding of the material and other risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please also see the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 Introduction 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company pursuing a targeted approach to neuroscience that combines a deep understanding of disease-related biology and neurocircuitry of the brain with advanced chemistry and central nervous system, or CNS, target receptor selective pharmacology to discover and design new therapies. We seek to transform the lives of patients through the development of new therapies for neuroscience diseases, including schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease psychosis, epilepsy, panic disorder and Parkinson s disease. We are advancing our extensive and diverse pipeline with numerous clinical trials underway or planned, including three ongoing Phase 3 trials and an open-label extension trial for tavapadon in Parkinson's, two ongoing Phase 2 trials and an open-label extension trial for emraclidine in schizophrenia and an ongoing Phase 2 proof-of-concept trial and an open-label extension trial for darigabat in focal epilepsy. We have built a highly experienced team of senior leaders and neuroscience drug developers who combine a nimble, results-driven biotech mindset with the proven expertise of large pharmaceutical company experience and capabilities in drug discovery and development. 
 Our portfolio of product candidates is based on a differentiated approach to addressing neuroscience diseases, which incorporates three key pillars: (1) targeted neurocircuitry, where we seek to unlock new treatment opportunities by precisely identifying and targeting the neurocircuit that underlies a given neuroscience disease, (2) targeted receptor subtype selectivity, where we selectively target the receptor subtype(s) related to the disease physiology to minimize undesirable off-target effects while 
 114 

maximizing activity and (3) differentiated pharmacology, where we design full and partial agonists, antagonists and allosteric modulators to precisely fine-tune the receptor pharmacology and neurocircuit activity to avoid over-activation or over-suppression of the endogenous physiologic range. In addition, our portfolio is supported by robust data packages and rigorous clinical trial execution designed to elucidate the key points of differentiation for our compounds. We believe that this science-driven approach is critical to achieving optimal therapeutic activity while minimizing unintended side effects of currently available therapies. 
 Business Environment 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is extremely competitive. We are subject to risks and uncertainties common to clinical-stage companies in the biopharmaceutical industry. These risks include, but are not limited to, the introduction of new products, therapies, standards of care or technological innovations, our ability to obtain and maintain adequate protection for our in-licensed technology, data or other intellectual property and proprietary rights and compliance with extensive government regulation and oversight. We are also dependent upon the services of key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer, executive team and other highly skilled employees. Demand for experienced personnel in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries is high and competition for talent is intense. Please read the section entitled Risk Factors for additional information. 
 We face potential competition from many different sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies, as well as public and private research institutions. Many of our competitors are working to develop or have commercialized products similar to those we are developing and have considerable experience in undertaking clinical trials and in obtaining regulatory approval to market pharmaceutical products. Our competitors may also have significantly greater financial resources, established presence in the market, expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical and clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals and reimbursement and marketing approved products. Other smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations may also be impacted by other factors we may not be able to control, such as global supply chain disruptions, global trade disputes and/or political instability. Increases in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. Additionally, rising inflation rates may affect us by increasing operating expenses, such as employee-related costs and clinical trial expenses, negatively impacting our results of operations. 
 Risks and Liquidity 
 Product development is very expensive and involves a high degree of risk. Only a small number of research and development programs result in the commercialization of a product. We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development, are able to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize the product candidates we are developing or may develop. We currently do not have any product candidates approved for commercial sale. In addition, we operate in an environment of rapid change in technology. We are also dependent upon the services of our employees, consultants, third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, and other third-party organizations. 
 Our product candidates, currently under development or that we may develop, will require significant additional research and development efforts, including extensive clinical testing and regulatory approval prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel infrastructure and extensive compliance and reporting capabilities. There can be no assurance that our research and development activities will be successfully completed, that adequate protection for our licensed or developed technology will be obtained and maintained, that products developed will obtain necessary regulatory approval or that any approved products will be commercially viable. 
 We believe that our available financial resources will enable us to fund our operating expense and capital expenditure requirements through at least 12 months from the issuance date of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our estimate may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Further, changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond our control, could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 
 In the future, we will require additional capital to meet operational needs and capital requirements. We are eligible to receive up to 125.0 million pursuant to the Funding Agreements (as defined herein), of which approximately 31.1 million (net of 0.2 million of fees incurred) and 37.5 million was received in April 2021 and April 2022, respectively. Except for this source of funding, we do not have any committed external source of liquidity. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy, and we may finance our operations through a combination of additional private or public equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties or through other sources of financing. We intend to consider 
 115 

opportunities to raise additional funds through the sale of equity or debt securities when market conditions are favorable for us to do so. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. However, the trading prices for our common stock and for other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile. As a result, we may face difficulties raising capital through sales of our common stock or such sales may be on unfavorable terms. Similarly, adverse market or macroeconomic conditions and market volatility resulting from global economic developments, political unrest, high inflation, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other factors, could materially and adversely affect our ability to consummate an equity or debt financing on favorable terms, or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of private or public equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences and anti-dilution protections that could adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions or capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or drug candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future commercialization efforts, grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves, obtain funds through arrangement with collaborators on terms unfavorable to us or pursue merger or acquisition strategies, all of which could adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 967.8 million and had not yet generated revenues. We have funded our operations primarily with the net proceeds received from the issuance of preferred stock, common stock and convertible senior notes, net proceeds from the consummation of our Business Combination (as defined herein) and our Funding Agreements. 
 In addition, we anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 advance our clinical-stage product candidates through clinical development, including as we advance these candidates into later-stage clinical trials; 

seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 

hire additional clinical, quality control, medical, scientific and other technical personnel to support our clinical operations; 

experience an increase in headcount as we expand our research and development organization and market development and pre-commercial planning activities; 

undertake any pre-commercial or commercial activities to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

advance our preclinical-stage product candidates into clinical development; 

seek to identify, acquire and develop additional product candidates, including through business development efforts to invest in or in-license other technologies or product candidates; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

make milestone, royalty or other payments due under the Pfizer License Agreement and any future in-license or collaboration agreements; and 

make milestone, royalty, interest or other payments due under the Funding Agreements, our 2027 Notes and any future financing or other arrangements with third parties. 

116 

Impact of the Ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic 
 We are closely monitoring the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business, including how it has impacted and may continue to impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers, vendors and business partners. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which, despite progress in vaccination efforts, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the pandemic, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, such as new variants or subvariants, which may impact rates of infection and vaccination efforts and the extent and effectiveness of actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, including vaccination campaigns, COVID-19 treatments and lockdown measures, among others. In addition, recurrences or additional waves of COVID-19 cases could cause other widespread or more severe impacts depending on where infection rates are highest. We cannot presently predict the scope and severity of any potential business shutdowns or disruptions, but if we or any of the third parties with whom we engage were to experience prolonged business shutdowns or other disruptions, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have not incurred any significant impairment losses in the carrying values of our assets as a result of the pandemic and we are not aware of any specific related event or circumstance that would require us to revise our estimates reflected in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our estimates of the impact on our business may change based on new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the actions to contain it or treat its impact and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Revenues 
 We have not generated any revenues since our inception and do not expect to generate any revenues from the sale of products in the near future, if at all. If our development efforts for our current product candidates or additional product candidates that we may develop in the future are successful and can be commercialized, we may generate revenue in the future from product sales. Additionally, we may enter into collaboration and license agreements from time to time that provide for certain payments due to us. Accordingly, we may generate revenue from payments from such collaboration or license agreements in the future. 
 Research and Development 
 We support our drug discovery and development efforts through the commitment of significant resources to our preclinical and clinical development activities. Our research and development expense includes: 
 employee-related expenses, consisting of salaries, benefits and equity-based compensation for personnel engaged in our research and development activities; 

expenses incurred in connection with the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, including costs incurred under agreements with CROs and investigative clinical trial sites; 

expenses incurred with consultants and other third parties who supplement our internal capabilities and conduct research and development activities on our behalf; 

costs associated with research materials and supplies and services associated with our laboratory; 

materials and supply costs associated with the manufacture of drug substance and drug product for preclinical testing and clinical trials; and 

certain indirect costs incurred in support of overall research and development activities, including facilities, depreciation and technology expenses. 

We expense research and development expenses as incurred. Payments we make for research and development services prior to the services being rendered are recorded as prepaid assets in our consolidated balance sheets and are expensed as the services are provided. We estimate and accrue the value of goods and services received from CROs, CMOs and other third parties each reporting period based on estimates of the level of services performed and progress in the period when we have not received an invoice from such organizations. When evaluating the adequacy of accrued liabilities, we analyze progress of the studies or clinical trials, including the phase of completion of events, invoices received and contracted costs. We reassess and adjust our accruals as actual costs become known or as additional information becomes available. Our historical accrued estimates have not been materially different from actual costs. 
 Our external research and development expenses for our clinical stage product candidates are tracked on a program-by-program basis and consist primarily of fees, reimbursed materials and other costs paid to consultants, contractors, CROs and CMOs. External 
 117 

research and developments costs that directly support our discovery activities and preclinical programs are classified within other research and development programs. Program costs for the periods presented do not reflect an allocation of expenses associated with personnel costs, equity-based compensation expense, activities that benefit multiple programs or indirect costs incurred in support of overall research and development, such as technology and facilities-related costs. 
 We expect that our annual research and development expenses will increase substantially in connection with our planned preclinical and clinical development activities both in the near-term and beyond as we continue to invest in activities to develop our product candidates and preclinical programs and as certain product candidates advance into later stages of development. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size, scope and duration of later-stage clinical trials. Furthermore, the process of conducting the necessary clinical trials to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. As a result, we cannot accurately estimate or know the nature, timing and costs that will be necessary to complete the preclinical and clinical development for any of our product candidates or when and to what extent we may generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates or achieve profitability. 
 The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors that include: 
 per patient trial costs; 

the number of patients that participate in the trials; 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

the countries in which the trials are conducted; 

the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 

the number of doses that patients receive; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 

potential additional safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of patient follow-up; 

the efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates; and 

the impact of adverse macroeconomic, labor and other market conditions on our supply chain and clinical trial operations and timelines. 

Changes in any of these assumptions could significantly impact the cost and timing associated with the development of our product candidates. Additionally, future competition and commercial and regulatory factors beyond our control may also impact our clinical development programs and plans. 
 General and Administrative 
 We expense general and administrative costs as incurred. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and equity-based compensation for personnel in executive, finance, human resources, market research and development, legal and other corporate functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees incurred relating to corporate and patent matters, professional fees incurred for auditing, consulting services, market development and pre-commercial planning activities, and insurance costs, facilities-related costs and depreciation expenses. 
 We estimate and accrue for services provided by third parties related to the above expenses by monitoring the status of services provided and receiving estimates from our service providers. We reassess and adjust our accruals as actual costs become known or as additional information becomes available. 
 We expect that our annual general and administrative expenses will increase both in the near-term and beyond as we continue to build general corporate infrastructure to support the growth of our organization as we expand our research and development organization and market development and pre-commercial planning activities. 
 Interest Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash. Interest expense consists of interest charged on the outstanding principal balance of the 2027 Notes and amortization of debt issuance costs utilizing the effective interest method over the expected term of the 2027 Notes. 
 118 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of gains (losses) on the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities. Other income (expense), net also reflects gains (losses) on the fair value remeasurement of the private placement warrants through their cashless exercise and settlement in September 2021, and gains (losses) on the fair value remeasurement of the Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option (as defined below) through their termination upon completion of the Business Combination Transaction in October 2020 as well as amounts for other miscellaneous income and expense unrelated to our core operations. 
 As permitted under ASC 825, Financial Instruments , we elected the Fair Value Option for our financing liabilities, wherein the financial instruments were initially measured at their issue-date estimated fair value and are subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date. Changes in the fair value of our financing liabilities, excluding the impact of the change in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk, are separately presented as a component of other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The portion of the fair value adjustment attributed to a change in the instrument-specific credit risk is recognized and separately presented as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Changes in the fair value of our financing liabilities can result from changes to one or multiple inputs, including changes to discount rates, changes in the expected achievement or timing of any sales-based, development and regulatory milestones, changes in the amount or timing of expected net cash flows, changes in the probability or timing of certain clinical events and changes in the assumed probability or timing associated with regulatory approval. 
 The private placement warrants were determined to be free-standing financial instruments that were reclassified from equity to other long-term liabilities on March 31, 2021. We revalued the private placement warrants on a recurring basis each reporting period through their cashless exercise and settlement in September 2021, with increases or decreases in the fair value of these warrants recognized as an adjustment to other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Changes in the fair value of the private placement warrants resulted from changes to one or multiple inputs, including adjustments to the discount rate, expected volatility and dividend yield as well as changes in the fair value of our common stock and public warrants. 
 The Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option were free-standing financial instruments that were recorded at their fair value on the Formation Transaction Date. We revalued these instruments each reporting period and recorded increases or decreases in their respective fair value as an adjustment to other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Changes in the fair value of these financial instruments resulted from changes to one or multiple inputs, including adjustments to the discount rates and expected volatility and dividend yield as well as changes in the amount and timing of the anticipated future funding required to settle these instruments and the fair value of our preferred and common stock that were expected to be exchanged to complete that additional funding. Discount rates in our valuation models represent a measure of the credit risk associated with settling the financial instruments. 
 Significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of the assumptions underlying the initial fair value determination for each of these instruments and for each subsequent period through their settlement or termination. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Provision), Net 
 To date, we have not recorded any significant amounts related to income tax expense, we have not recognized any reserves related to uncertain tax positions, nor have we recorded any income tax benefits for net operating losses incurred to date or for our research and development tax credits. 
 We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our consolidated financial statements or our tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and for loss and credit carryforwards, which are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, the amount and timing of which are uncertain. Valuation allowances are provided, if, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we continue to maintain a full valuation allowance against all of our deferred tax assets based on our evaluation of all available evidence. 
 119 

We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal tax jurisdiction and state jurisdictions and may become subject to income tax audits and adjustments by related tax authorities. Our initial tax return period for U.S. federal income taxes was the 2018 period. We currently remain open to examination under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service and state jurisdictions for the 2021, 2020 and 2019 tax years. To the extent we have loss and credit carryforwards, the tax years in which the carryforward was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. We record reserves for potential tax payments to various tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions. The nature of uncertain tax positions is subject to significant judgment by management and subject to change, which may be substantial. These reserves are based on a determination of whether and how much a tax benefit taken by us in our tax filings or positions is more likely than not to be realized following the resolution of any potential contingencies related to the tax benefit. We develop our assessment of uncertain tax positions, and the associated cumulative probabilities, using internal expertise and assistance from third-party experts. As additional information becomes available, estimates are revised and refined. Differences between estimates and final settlement may occur resulting in additional tax expense. Potential interest and penalties associated with such uncertain tax positions is recorded as a component of our income tax benefit (provision), net. To date, no amounts are being presented as an uncertain tax position. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

280,259 

161,855 

103,303 

73 

57 

General and administrative 

87,589 

58,243 

45,813 

50 

27 

Total operating expenses 

367,848 

220,098 

149,116 

67 

48 

Loss from operations 

(367,848) 

(220,098) 

(149,116) 

67 

48 

Interest income (expense), net 

9,619 

157 

224 

Other income (expense), net 

6,878 

(5,393) 

(3,274) 

Loss before income taxes 

(351,351) 

(225,334) 

(152,166) 

56 

48 

Income tax benefit (provision), net 

(160) 

0 

24 

100 

(100) 

Net loss 

(351,511) 

(225,334) 

(152,142) 

56 

48 

Not meaningful 
 Research and Development 
 The following table summarizes the components of research and development expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Tavapadon 

57,953 

48,858 

31,678 

19 

54 

Emraclidine 

74,331 

15,472 

16,360 

380 

(5) 

Darigabat 

22,388 

19,461 

10,984 

15 

77 

CVL-871 

3,904 

4,773 

1,003 

(18) 

376 

Other research and development programs 

21,999 

15,973 

8,414 

38 

90 

Unallocated 

20,302 

13,773 

8,608 

47 

60 

Personnel costs 

61,176 

34,325 

23,017 

78 

49 

Equity-based compensation 

18,206 

9,220 

3,239 

97 

185 

Total research and development 

280,259 

161,855 

103,303 

73 

57 

For 2022 compared to 2021, the increase in research and development expense reflects the continued advancement of our tavapadon, emraclidine and darigabat programs as well as increased investment in our preclinical and discovery research efforts. The increase in unallocated costs primarily reflects an increase in certain facilities-related costs following our laboratory becoming operational in the second quarter of 2021. The increase in personnel costs and equity-based compensation reflects the continued growth of our workforce as we expand capabilities to advance our pipeline. For 2022, expense associated with other research and development programs was reduced by 4.4 million related to the reimbursement of certain research and development costs received from the National Institute of Drug Abuse, or NIDA. 
 120 

For 2021 compared to 2020, the increase in research and development expense reflects the continued advancement of our tavapadon, darigabat and CVL-871 programs as well as increased investment in our preclinical and discovery research efforts. Decreased costs associated with emraclidine reflect the completion of the Phase 1b clinical trial in June 2021. The increase in research and development expense also reflects higher personnel costs, including equity-based compensation, as we continue to develop our organizational infrastructure to advance our pipeline. The increase in unallocated costs reflects the impact of our laboratory becoming operational in the second quarter of 2021 and our increased investment in technology that supports our research and development efforts. For 2021, expense associated with other research and development programs was reduced by 0.9 million related to the reimbursement of certain research and development costs received from NIDA. 
 General and Administrative 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

General and administrative 

87,589 

58,243 

45,813 

50 

27 

For 2022, compared to 2021, the increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to higher personnel costs, including equity-based compensation, and other costs to support organizational growth and the advancement of our programs, including market research and development activities. 
 For 2021 compared to 2020, the increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to increased public company costs and higher personnel costs, including equity-based compensation as we continued to grow our organization. General and administrative expense for 2021 also includes a 2.5 million net charge associated with the departure of certain executives. General and administrative expense for 2020 includes the write-off of approximately 2.5 million of deferred financing costs in June 2020 upon signing of the term sheet for the Business Combination Transaction and 3.8 million of nonrecurring costs pursuant to the Management Agreement with affiliate entities of Bain Investor, inclusive of a 3.0 million charge related to the payment of remaining management fees due under the agreement that became payable upon the completion of the Business Combination Transaction. 
 Interest Income (Expense), Net 
 The following table summarizes the components of interest income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Interest income, net 

13,537 

157 

224 

8522 

(30) 

Interest expense 

(3,918) 

Total interest income (expense), net 

9,619 

157 

224 

For 2022, compared to 2021, the increase in interest income, net, reflects increased interest income earned on a higher average comparable cash, cash equivalent and marketable security balance and higher returns earned on our marketable securities. Interest expense for 2022 consists of interest accrued on the principal balance of the 2027 Notes issued in August 2022 and the amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 For 2021 compared to 2020, the decrease in interest income, net, reflects a reduction in market interest rates. Interest income, net for 2021 includes interest earned on our portfolio of available-for-sale marketable securities purchased in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 For additional information related to the 2027 Notes, please read Note 9, 2027 Convertible Senior Notes , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 121 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The following table summarizes the components of other income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Gain (loss) on fair value remeasurement of financing liability, related party 

3,438 

(751) 

(558) 

Gain (loss) on fair value remeasurement of financing liability 

3,438 

(751) 

(558) 

Loss on fair value remeasurement of private placement warrants 

(3,881) 

Loss on fair value remeasurement of Equity Commitment 

(3,530) 

Gain on fair value remeasurement of Share Purchase Option 

260 

Other, net 

2 

(10) 

(4) 

(120) 

150 

Other income (expense), net 

6,878 

(5,393) 

(3,274) 

For 2022, other income (expense), net primarily reflects net gains recognized on the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities associated with the Funding Agreements that were entered into in April 2021. The changes in the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities associated with the Funding Agreements were primarily due to the impact of changes in the timing of certain clinical events and changes to our discount and market interest rates partially offset by the passage of time. 
 For 2021, other income (expense), net primarily reflects net losses recognized on the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities and private placement warrants. Changes in fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities were primarily due to changes in our discount rates, changes in the amount or timing of expected net cash flows and the passage of time. Changes in fair value remeasurement of our private placement warrants were primarily due to changes in the fair values of our common stock and public warrants, as well as changes in the volatility implied by the market price of our public warrants through their cashless exercise and settlement in September 2021. 
 For 2020, other income (expense), net, primarily reflects the loss on the fair value remeasurement of the Equity Commitment. The net loss reflects a 5.5 million loss recognized on the partial settlement of the Equity Commitment liability in July 2020 upon Bain Investor contributing an additional 25.0 million in exchange for the issuance of convertible preferred and convertible common stock partially offset by a net gain of 2.0 million related to the fair value remeasurement of the Equity Commitment through its termination. 
 For additional information related to the fair value of our financing liabilities associated with the Funding Agreements, please read Note 8, Financing Liabilities , and Note 10, Fair Value Measurements , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. For additional information on our private placement warrants, please read Note 13, Stockholders' Equity , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. For additional information on our Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option, please read Note 7, Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity and Capital 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and we expect to continue to incur significant and increasing expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. Our net losses totaled 351.5 million, 225.3 million and 152.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 967.8 million. We have not yet generated revenues. 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled 950.2 million as of December 31, 2022. Until required for use in our business, we typically invest our cash in money market funds and investment grade short to intermediate-term fixed income securities. We attempt to minimize credit risk related to our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by maintaining balances in accounts only with accredited financial institutions and maintaining a well-diversified portfolio that limits the amount of exposure as to institution, maturity, and investment type. 
 In October 2020, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, or ARYA, completed the acquisition of Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc., a private company, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement dated July 29, 2020, as amended on October 2, 2020. We refer to this transaction as the Business Combination. Net proceeds from the Business Combination totaled approximately 439.5 million. 
 122 

Upon closing of the Business Combination, Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of ARYA and ARYA was renamed Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., and the then existing stockholders of Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. exchanged their equity interests of Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. for shares of common stock of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. Prior to the Business Combination, our operations were funded primarily from the issuance of convertible preferred stock, convertible common stock and common stock. 
 Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, there were 4,983,314 public warrants and 166,333 private placement warrants, or collectively, the warrants, outstanding. Each outstanding warrant of ARYA became one warrant to purchase one share of our common stock. Each whole warrant entitled the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The warrants became exercisable beginning on June 9, 2021. In July 2021, we announced the redemption of all of the outstanding public warrants with a redemption date of August 30, 2021, or the Redemption Date. An aggregate of 4,822,947 public warrants were exercised prior to the Redemption Date for an equal number of shares of our common stock resulting in gross proceeds of approximately 55.5 million. The 160,367 public warrants that remained unexercised following the Redemption Date were redeemed for the redemption price of 0.01 per public warrant. In September 2021, the 166,333 private placement warrants were cashless exercised and settled in exchange for the issuance of 111,426 shares of our common stock. No public warrants or private placement warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 In April 2021, we entered into a funding agreement, or the NovaQuest Funding Agreement, with NovaQuest Co-Investment Fund XVI, L.P., or NovaQuest, and a funding agreement, or the Bain Funding Agreement, with BC Pinnacle Holdings, LP, or Bain, pursuant to which NovaQuest and Bain will provide up to 125.0 million in funding, or the Total Funding Commitment, to support our development of tavapadon for the treatment of Parkinson s disease over four years, of which approximately 31.1 million (25 of the Total Funding Commitment, net of 0.2 million of fees incurred by Bain and NovaQuest) was received in April 2021 and 37.5 million (30 of the Total Funding Commitment) was received in April 2022. We refer to the NovaQuest Funding Agreement and the Bain Funding Agreement, collectively, as the Funding Agreements and NovaQuest and Bain, collectively, as the Funding Investors. 
 In July 2021, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock pursuant to which we issued and sold 14,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 25.00 per share. The aggregate net proceeds from this offering totaled approximately 328.3 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 21.0 million and offering expenses of approximately 0.7 million. 
 In November 2021, we entered into an open market sales agreement with Jefferies LLC, as sales agent, to provide for the issuance and sale of up to 250.0 million of our common stock from time-to-time in at-the-market offerings, or the ATM Program. As of December 31, 2022, no sales had been made pursuant to the ATM Program. 
 In August 2022, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock pursuant to which we issued and sold 7,250,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 35.00 per share. The aggregate net proceeds from this offering totaled approximately 238.3 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 14.6 million and offering expenses of approximately 0.9 million. 
 In August 2022, we completed the offering of 345.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes pursuant to, and which are governed by, an indenture, or the Indenture, between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, or the Trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The 345.0 million aggregate principal amount issued includes the purchase of 45.0 million aggregate principal amount issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchasers of the 2027 Notes of their option to purchase additional 2027 Notes. The aggregate net proceeds from the 2027 Notes offering totaled approximately 334.8 million, after deducting the initial purchasers' discounts of 9.5 million and other offering expenses of approximately 0.7 million. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, primarily related to our research and development activities. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable, accrued expenses and prepaid expenses. 
 We have incurred significant operating expenses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur significant and increasing expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. 
 Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our current product candidates, as well as other additional product candidates we may develop and pursue in the future; 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining marketing approvals for our product candidates and any other additional product candidates we may develop and pursue in the future; 

the number of future product candidates that we may pursue and their development requirements; 

123 

subject to receipt of regulatory approval, the costs of commercialization activities for our product candidates, to the extent such costs are not the responsibility of any future collaborators, including the costs and timing of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 

subject to receipt of regulatory approval, revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates or any other additional product candidates we may develop and pursue in the future; 

the achievement of milestones that trigger payments under the Pfizer License Agreement and the Funding Agreements; 

the royalty payments due under the Pfizer License Agreement and the Funding Agreements; 

the extent to which we in-license or acquire rights to other products, product candidates or technologies; 

our ability to establish collaboration arrangements for the development of our product candidates on favorable terms, if at all; 

our receipt of additional funding under the Funding Agreements; 

the settlement method used for the outstanding 2027 Notes; 

our headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our research and development and market development and pre-commercial planning activities; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights, including enforcing and defending intellectual property related claims; and 

the costs of operating as a public company. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the total amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials and preclinical studies. 
 Our expectations with respect to our ability to fund current planned operations is based on estimates that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us and there can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved in the time frame anticipated by us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 
 For additional information on risks associated with our substantial capital requirements, please read the sections entitled Risks and Liquidity and Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Working Capital 
 The following table summarizes our total working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

As of December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Current assets 

905,651 

578,017 

57 

Current liabilities 

(72,564) 

(42,538) 

71 

Total working capital 

833,087 

535,479 

56 

The increase in working capital at December 31, 2022, from December 31, 2021, reflects a net increase in total current assets of 327.6 million partially offset by a net increase in total current liabilities of 30.0 million. 
 The net increase in total current assets was primarily driven by an increase in current marketable securities partially offset by a reduction in our cash and cash equivalents. These changes reflect our investment of excess cash provided by financing activities primarily related to our August 2022 follow-on public offering of common stock and issuance of the 2027 Notes, offset by cash used in operations and for purchases of property and equipment and non-current marketable securities, as discussed in further detail below. 
 The net increase in current liabilities was due to increases in accrued expenses and other current liabilities primarily related to external research and development services, employee compensation and other personnel costs and accrued interest on the 2027 Notes. 
 124 

Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

(293,187) 

(178,546) 

(117,802) 

64 

52 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

(388,834) 

(435,661) 

(18,892) 

(11) 

2,206 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

623,191 

423,602 

440,835 

47 

(4) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

(58,830) 

(190,605) 

304,141 

(69) 

(163) 

Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows used in operating activities represent the cash receipts and disbursements related to all of our activities other than investing and financing activities. We expect cash provided by financing activities will continue to be our primary source of funds to finance operating needs and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. 
 Net cash flows used in operating activities is derived by adjusting our net loss for: 
 non-cash operating items such as depreciation and amortization, adjustments to operating lease expense, equity-based compensation, non-cash interest expense and amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on marketable securities; 

changes in operating assets and liabilities reflecting timing differences between the receipt and payment of cash associated with transactions and when they are recognized in results of operations; and 

changes in the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities, private placement warrants and the Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option. 

For 2022, cash used in operating activities primarily reflects our net loss for the period of 351.5 million, adjusted for net non-cash charges totaling 30.3 million and a net change of 28.1 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. Our non-cash adjustments primarily consisted of 38.8 million of equity-based compensation expense and 4.9 million related to depreciation and amortization, partially offset by 6.9 million of gains recognized from the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities and 6.5 million from the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on marketable securities. The net changes in our operating assets and liabilities primarily reflects an increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities primarily driven by increases in accruals related to external research and development services, compensation and personnel costs and interest payable on the 2027 Notes. 
 For 2021, cash used in operating activities primarily reflects our net loss for the period of 225.3 million, adjusted for net non-cash charges totaling 31.2 million and a net change of 15.5 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. Our non-cash charges primarily consisted of 23.9 million of equity-based compensation expense, 3.9 million related to the final fair value remeasurement of private placement warrants through their cashless exercise and settlement, 2.7 million of depreciation and amortization and 1.5 million related to the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities. The net changes in our operating assets and liabilities primarily reflect an increase in operating lease liabilities resulting from landlord reimbursement for tenant improvements, an increase in accounts payable related to increased operating activities and the timing of payments, and an increase in accrued expenses related to increased operating activities. These increases are partially offset by a reduction in amounts accrued for property and equipment, an increase in prepaids and other current assets primarily due to advances related to clinical trials and other research activities, and the prepayment of insurance premiums and software licenses. 
 For 2020, cash used in operating activities primarily reflects our net loss for the period of 152.1 million, adjusted for net non-cash charges totaling 16.6 million and a net change of 17.7 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. Our non-cash charges primarily consisted of 10.5 million of equity-based compensation expense, net losses totaling 3.3 million recognized in relation to the Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option and a 2.5 million charge related to the write-off of deferred financing costs directly associated with Old Cerevel's previously anticipated initial public offering and other financing activities that were abandoned in June 2020 upon signing of the term sheet for the Business Combination Transaction. The net changes in our operating assets and liabilities primarily reflect an increase in account payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities associated with compensation, external research and development services and an increase in operating lease liabilities resulting from landlord reimbursement for tenant improvements. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 For 2022, cash used in investing activities reflected 887.7 million used for purchases of marketable securities and 4.0 million used for purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by 502.9 million in maturities and redemptions of marketable securities. 
 125 

For 2021, cash used in investing activities reflected 425.2 million used for purchases of marketable securities and 10.5 million used for purchases of property and equipment, primarily related to the build-out of our Cambridge, Massachusetts headquarters. 
 For 2020, cash used in investing activities reflected 18.9 million used for purchases of property and equipment, primarily related to the build-out of our Cambridge, Massachusetts headquarters. 
 Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 
 For 2022, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 623.2 million, primarily reflecting 238.3 million of net proceeds received from our August 2022 follow-on public offering of common stock, 334.8 million of net proceeds received from the issuance of the 2027 Notes, 37.5 million of proceeds received under the Funding Agreements and 13.1 million of proceeds received from the exercise of stock options and purchases of stock under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 For 2021, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 423.6 million, reflecting 328.3 million of net proceeds received from our follow-on offering, 55.5 million of net proceeds received from exercises of public warrants, 31.3 million of proceeds received under the Funding Agreements and 9.0 million of proceeds received from stock option exercises and purchases of stock under our ESPP. 
 For 2020, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 440.8 million, which primarily consisted of net proceeds from the completion of the Business Combination Transaction. 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 Our contractual obligations primarily consist of our obligations under non-cancellable operating leases, convertible debt obligations, contracts and other purchase obligations. 
 Our most significant contracts relate to agreements with CROs for clinical trials and preclinical studies, CMOs and other service providers for operating purposes, which we enter into in the normal course of business. These contracts are generally cancelable at any time by us following a certain period after notice and therefore, we believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these agreements are not material. In addition, we have obligations with respect to potential future royalties payable, contingent development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and potential amounts related to uncertain tax positions. The timing and amount of such obligations are unknown or uncertain as of December 31, 2022. 
 Pfizer License Agreement 
 In August 2018, we entered into a license agreement with Pfizer, or the Pfizer License Agreement, pursuant to which we were granted an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain Pfizer patent rights, and a non-exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license under certain Pfizer know-how to develop, manufacture and commercialize certain compounds and products, which currently constitute substantially all of our asset portfolio, in the field of treatment, prevention, diagnosis, control and maintenance of all diseases and disorders in humans, subject to the terms and conditions of the Pfizer License Agreement. 
 Under the Pfizer License Agreement, we are solely responsible for the development, manufacture, regulatory approval and commercialization of compounds and products in the field and we will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on the aggregate net sales during each calendar year, determined on a product-by-product basis, with respect to products under the Pfizer License Agreement, and we may pay potential milestone payments to Pfizer, based on the successful achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. To date, no regulatory or commercial approval milestone payments or royalty payments have been made or become due under this agreement. 
 For additional information on our Pfizer License Agreement, please read Note 6 , Pfizer License Agreement , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Funding Agreements 
 In April 2021, we entered into the Funding Agreements, pursuant to which we will receive a combined total of up to 125.0 million to support our development of tavapadon for the treatment of Parkinson s disease, of which approximately 31.1 million (25 of the Total Funding Commitment, net of 0.2 million of fees incurred by Bain and NovaQuest) was received in April 2021 and 37.5 million (30 of the Total Funding Commitment) was received in April 2022. In return, we agreed to pay to NovaQuest and Bain significant regulatory milestone, sales milestone and royalty payments upon approval of tavapadon by the FDA that collectively will not exceed 531.3 million. In addition, we have the option to satisfy our payment obligations to NovaQuest and Bain upon the earlier of FDA approval or May 1, 2025, by paying an amount equal to the Total Funding Commitment multiplied by an initial factor of 3.00x. This factor will increase ratably over time up to a maximum of 4.25x, less amounts previously paid to NovaQuest and Bain. 
 For additional information on our Funding Agreements, please read Note 8 , Financing Liabilities , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 126 

2027 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In August 2022, we completed the offering of 345.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes pursuant to, and which are governed by the Indenture between us and the Trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
 The 2027 Notes accrue interest at a rate of 2.50 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2023. The 2027 Notes mature on August 15, 2027, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. 
 The 2027 Notes are our senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with our existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the 2027 Notes in right of payment; (iii) effectively subordinated to our future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent we are not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of our subsidiaries. 
 For additional information related to the 2027 Notes, please read Note 9 , 2027 Convertible Senior Notes , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Management Agreement 
 In connection with the Business Combination Transaction, we entered into a management agreement with Bain Capital Private Equity, LP and Bain Capital Life Sciences, LP, providing for the expense reimbursement and indemnification of such entities. No amounts have been incurred under the management agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Contract Research and Manufacturing Organizations 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded accrued expenses of approximately 30.8 million and 12.2 million, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets for expenditures incurred by CROs and CMOs. 
 Tax Related Obligations 
 To date, we have not recognized any reserves related to uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements and do not have holdings in any variable interest entities. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Other significant accounting policies are outlined in Note 4, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Accrued Research and Development 
 We have entered into various agreements with CROs, CMOs and other service providers. Our research and development accruals are estimated based on the level of services performed, progress of the studies, including the phase or completion of events, and contracted costs. The estimated costs of research and development provided, but not yet invoiced, are included in accrued liabilities on the balance sheet. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the original estimates, we will adjust the accrual accordingly. Payments made to third parties under these arrangements in advance of the performance of the related services are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets until the services are rendered. To date, our estimated accruals have not differed materially from actual costs incurred. 
 127 

Fair Value Option for Funding Agreements 
 We elected to account for our funding agreements and related financial liabilities described in Note 8, Financing Liabilities , in accordance with the fair value option permitted under ASC 825-10, Financial Instruments . A liability associated with each of our funding agreements was initially recognized at their estimated fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. We revalue our financing liabilities on a recurring basis each reporting period with subsequent changes in fair value, excluding the impact of the change in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk, separately presented as a component of other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The portion of the fair value adjustment attributed to a change in the instrument-specific credit risk is recognized and separately presented as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). 
 We determined the estimated fair values using a Monte Carlo simulation model under the income approach determined by utilizing probability assessments of the expected future cash receipts and expected future cash payments. Changes in the fair value of our financing liabilities can result from changes to one or multiple inputs, including changes to discount rates, changes in the expected achievement or timing of any sales-based, development or regulatory milestones, changes in the amount or timing of expected net cash flows, changes in the probability or timing of certain clinical events and changes in the assumed probability or timing associated with regulatory approval. These fair value measurements represent Level 3 measurements as they are based on significant inputs not observable in the market. 
 Upfront, direct costs and fees related to the instruments for which we have elected the fair value option were recognized in general and administrative expense in earnings as incurred. 
 The decision to elect the fair value option is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis, and must be applied to an entire instrument and is irrevocable once elected, but need not be applied to all similar instruments. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value pursuant to ASC 825-10 are required to be reported separately from those instruments measured using another accounting method. 
 If actual results or events differ materially from the estimates, judgments and assumptions used by us in applying these policies, our reported financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. For additional information on our qualifying instruments that we have elected to account for under the fair value option, please read Note 8, Financing Liabilities , and Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 We determine the fair value of each employee and non-employee award issued under our equity-based compensation plan on the date of grant. We recognize compensation expense for service-based awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period which generally approximates the vesting term. For service-based awards with performance or market conditions that were satisfied upon closing of the Business Combination Transaction, we recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separate vesting portion of the award, with the amount of compensation expense recognized at any date at least equaling the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. 
 Determination of Fair Value Stock Option Awards 
 We estimate the fair value of our stock option awards using the Black Scholes method utilizing the fair value of our common stock and the following assumptions: 
 Expected term We have opted to utilize the simplified method, for determining the expected life of the award, which is based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term as all options granted after becoming a public entity are granted at-the-money. 

Expected volatility We determine the volatility for options granted based on an analysis of reported data for a peer group of companies and our own internal volatility. The expected volatility of granted options has been determined by considering a weighted-average of the historical and implied volatility measures of the peer group of companies and our own historical and implied volatility measures. We will continue to apply this method until a sufficient amount of information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available. 

Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate utilized in our calculations is based on a treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected life of the stock options. 

Expected Dividend The expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero as we have never paid dividends and do not have current plans to pay any dividends on our common stock. 

The strike price of our option awards reflects the closing price of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq on the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized equity-based compensation expense relating to stock options was 99.4 million, of which only approximately 2.1 million related to awards granted prior to the Business Combination Transaction. 
 128 

For additional information on the Business Combination and our equity-based incentive plans, please read Note 3, Business Combination and Note 14, Equity-Based Compensation, to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of new accounting standards and their expected impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures, please read Note 5, Recent Accounting Guidance , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate sensitivity, equity price risk, and foreign currency exchange risks. 
 The primary objectives of our investment activities are to ensure liquidity and to preserve capital. We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 950.2 million and 618.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, this balance consisted of bank deposits, highly liquid money market funds and investment grade short to intermediate-term fixed income securities. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 The fair value of our marketable securities is subject to change as a result of potential changes in market interest rates. The potential change in fair value for interest rate sensitive instruments has been assessed on a hypothetical 100 basis point adverse movement across all maturities. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that such hypothetical 100 basis point adverse movement would result in a hypothetical loss in fair value of approximately 3.6 million to our interest rate sensitive instruments. As of December 31, 2021, we estimate that such hypothetical 100 basis point adverse movement would result in a hypothetical loss in fair value of approximately 2.7 million to our interest rate sensitive instruments. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The 2027 Notes include conversion and settlement provisions that are based on the price of our common stock at conversion or maturity of the 2027 Notes. The number of shares of common stock and/or amount of cash we may be required to pay upon conversion or maturity of the 2027 Notes is determined by the price of our common stock. The fair value of the 2027 Notes is dependent on the price and volatility of our common stock and will generally increase or decrease as the market price of our common stock changes. 
 For additional information related to the 2027 Notes, please read Note 9, 2027 Convertible Senior Notes, to our audited consolidated financial statement included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We currently do not have significant exposure to foreign currencies as we hold no foreign exchange contracts, option contracts, or other foreign hedging arrangements. Further, our operating activities are predominately denominated in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in exchange rates have not been significant for us in any period presented. 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15, Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules, of this Annual Report. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 129 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by a company s board of directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of a company s assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that a company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the company s management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an auditor s report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This report is included below. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 130 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 131 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9 C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 132 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 133 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financi al Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1)	For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 
 (2)	Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (3)	Exhibits 
 The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report are listed in the Exhibit Index below. The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference herein. 
 (b)	Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2020, by and among ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, Cassidy Merger Sub 1, Inc. and Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the registrant on March 24, 2021). 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2020, by and between ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II and Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the registrant on March 24, 2021). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the registrant on March 24, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on June 15, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2022, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on August 16, 2022). 

4.3 
 
 Form of certificate representing the 2.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on August 16, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the registrant on March 24, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Subscription Agreement, by and between ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II and BC Perception Holdings, LP, dated July 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on July 30, 2020). 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and among Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. and the stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.4 
 
 Waiver, dated January 20, 2021, by and among Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 21, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC (f/k/a Perception OpCo, LLC) and Pfizer Inc., dated August 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by the Registrant on October 2, 2020). 

134 

10.6 
 
 Lease Agreement, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and DW Propco JK, LLC, dated July 3, 2019, as amended on September 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2020) . 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and DW Propco JK, LLC, dated November 17, 2022. 

10.8# 
 
 Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the registrant on March 24, 2021). 

10.9# 
 
 Forms of Award Agreements under the Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.10# 
 
 Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 2020 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2021). 

10.11# 
 
 Senior Executive Cash Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.12# 
 
 Severance Benefits Policy for Specified C-Suite Executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.13 # 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended. 

10.14# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.15# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.16# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 23, 2018, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and N. Anthony Coles, and amendments thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on November 2, 2020) . 

10.17# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 20, 2021, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and Scott M. Akamine (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on May 17, 2021). 

10.18# 
 
 Offer Letter, dated August 18, 2019, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and Mark Bodenrader (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on November 16, 2020). 

10.19 # 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 13, 2021, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and Abraham N. Ceesay (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on April 21, 2021). 

10.20# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and Kenneth DiPietro (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on November 16, 2020). 

10.21# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 16, 2019, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and John Renger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.22# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 26, 2018, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and Ramiro Sanchez, and amendment thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on November 2, 2020). 

10.23# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 7, 2020, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC and Kathleen Tregoning (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on November 16, 2020). 

10.24 
 
 Funding Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. and NovaQuest Co-Investment Fund XVI, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on May 17, 2021). 

135 

10.25 
 
 Funding Agreement, dated April 12, 2021, by and between Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc., and BC Pinnacle Holdings, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the registrant on May 17, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the registrant on November 25, 2020). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) 

Filed or furnished herewith. 
 # Indicates a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Schedules, exhibits or similar attachments to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule, exhibit or similar attachment to the SEC upon request. 
 Certain confidential portions (indicated by brackets and asterisks) have been omitted from this exhibit. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 136 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

CEREVEL THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ N. Anthony Coles 

N. Anthony Coles 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints each of N. Anthony Coles, Scott Akamine and Mark Bodenrader with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ N. Anthony Coles 
 
 Chairperson, Director and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 22, 2023 

N. Anthony Coles 

/s/ Mark Bodenrader 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Mark Bodenrader 

/s/ Deborah Baron 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Deborah Baron 

/s/ Marijn Dekkers 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Marijn Dekkers 

/s/ Doug Giordano 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Doug Giordano 

/s/ Christopher Gordon 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Christopher Gordon 

/s/ Adam Koppel 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Adam Koppel 

/s/ Ruth McKernan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Ruth McKernan 

/s/ Deval Patrick 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Deval Patrick 

/s/ Norbert Riedel 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Norbert Riedel 

/s/ Gabrielle Sulzberger 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Gabrielle Sulzberger 

/s/ Suneet Varma 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Suneet Varma 

137 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

F- 1 

Report of independent regist ered public accounting firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Accrued and Prepaid Research and Development Expenses 

Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company s total accrued expenses and other current liabilities were 59.6 million at December 31, 2022, which included the estimated obligation for research and development expenses incurred as of December 31, 2022 but not paid as of the date. In addition, the Company s total prepaid expenses and other current assets were 13.6 million and other long-term assets were 2.9 million at December 31, 2022, which included amounts that were paid in advance of services incurred pursuant to research and development activities. As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. The Company estimates and accrues the value of goods and services received from clinical research organizations and other third-party vendors each reporting period based on estimates of the level of services performed and progress in the period when an invoice has not been received from such organizations, which results in an accrual or prepayment at period end. 

Auditing the Company s accrued and prepaid research and development expenses was especially challenging due to the significant judgment required to estimate the services provided but not yet invoiced. Specifically, the amount of research and development expenses recognized is sensitive to assumptions, including estimates of the progress of the studies or clinical trials, including the phase or completion of events, and the associated cost of 

F- 2 

such services. Additionally, due to the long duration of clinical trials and the timing of invoicing received from third parties, the actual amounts incurred are not always known at the time the financial statements are issued. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding of, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls that addressed the identified risks related to the Company s process for estimating accrued and prepaid research and development expenses. 

To evaluate the Company s estimate of services incurred as of period end pursuant to its research and development activities, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of the data and evaluating the significant assumptions, described above, that are used by management to estimate the recorded amounts. For example, to assess the reasonableness of the significant assumptions, we obtained information regarding the nature and extent of progress of clinical trials and other activities from the Company s research and development personnel that oversee the clinical trials and compared it to information obtained directly from third parties which indicated the third parties estimate of costs incurred to date. Further, to evaluate the completeness and valuation of the accrued or prepaid research and development expenses, we compared invoices received by the Company subsequent to December 31, 2022 to the amounts recognized by the Company as of that date. We also inspected the Company s contracts with these third parties and any pending change orders to assess the impact to the amounts recorded. 

Valuation of Financing Liabilities 

Description of the Matter 
 
 As discussed in Notes 8 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, on April 12, 2021, the Company entered into funding agreements with NovaQuest Co-Investment Fund XVI, L.P. and BC Pinnacle Holdings, LP. The Company concluded that each funding agreement represents a financial instrument that was considered to be a debt host containing embedded redemption features due to certain contingencies related to repayment and elected to account for the financing liabilities using the fair value option. In order to determine the fair value of the financing liabilities, the Company is required to estimate the probability of future cash receipts and future cash payments, and the timing of expected future repayments based on achievement of any sales-based, development and regulatory milestones or sales-based royalties, subject to the capped amount, over the life of the arrangement. Management determined the fair value of the financing liabilities using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value of the financing liabilities related to the funding agreements totaled 57.3 million as of December 31, 2022. 

Auditing the Company s financing liabilities was especially complex and required significant auditor judgment due to the use of the Monte Carlo simulation model and the high degree of subjectivity required to evaluate assumptions regarding the probability of future cash receipts and timing of expected future repayments. In particular, the fair value of the financing liabilities was sensitive to the Company s estimates of the timing and likelihood of regulatory approvals and amount of future sales for which royalties will be paid and the related discount rate. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding of, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls that addressed the identified risks related to the Company s process for valuing the financing liabilities. 

To test the Company s estimate of the fair value of the financing liabilities, our audit procedures included, among others, inspecting the terms of the funding agreements, involving our internal valuation specialists to assist in assessing the Monte Carlo simulation model used and evaluating the significant assumptions described above that were used to develop the prospective financial information, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. We evaluated the assumptions regarding the probabilities related to the timing and likelihood of regulatory approvals and amount of future sales in light of available peer data and market research, external data sources, probability of success benchmarks, and regulatory factors. In addition, our procedures included evaluating the data sources used by management in determining its assumptions and, where necessary, included an evaluation of available information that either corroborated or contradicted management's conclusions. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 F- 3 

CEREVEL THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts and per share data) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease assets 

Restricted cash 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Financing liability, related party (Notes 8 and 10) 

Financing liability (Notes 8 and 10) 

2027 convertible senior notes, net (Note 9) 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 12, 17 and 18) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

CEREVEL THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPER ATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts and per share data) 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit (provision), net 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Reconciliation of net loss attributable to common stockholders: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit related to the redemption of Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock at less than the carrying value 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used in calculating net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Changes in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk 

() 

Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available-for-sale 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

CEREVEL THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (1) 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Common stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Issuance of Series A-1 preferred stock and Series A common stock in exchange for cash (refer to Note 3) 

Partial settlement of Equity Commitment liability upon issuance of Series A-1 preferred stock and Series A common stock (refer to Note 3) 

Redemption of Series A-1 preferred stock with exchange (refer to Note 3) 

() 

Redemption of Series A common stock with exchange (refer to Note 3) 

() 

Issuance of additional common stock related to anti-dilution provisions of Series A-2 preferred stock (refer to Note 3) 

() 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs upon Business Combination Transaction (refer to Note 3) 

Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans related to vesting of RSUs 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Issuance of common stock related to follow-on offering, net of offering costs (refer to Note 13) 

Issuance of common stock related to exercise of public warrants 

Issuance of common stock related to cashless exercise of private placement warrants 

Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans related to vesting of RSUs 

Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans related to exercise of options 

Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans related to ESPP issuances 

Reclassification of private placement warrants from equity to other long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock related to follow-on offering, net of offering costs (refer to Note 13) 

Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans related to vesting of RSUs 

Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans related to exercise of options 

Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans related to ESPP issuances 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

(1) Certain historical share and capital amounts were retroactively restated to give effect to the Business Combination Transaction and reverse recapitalization as described in Note 3, Business Combination . 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

CEREVEL THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Adjustments to operating lease expense 

() 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

Change in fair value of Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option 

Change in fair value of financing liabilities 

() 

Change in fair value of private placement warrants 

Non-cash interest expense 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on marketable securities 

() 

Other non-cash items 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Maturities and redemptions of marketable securities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash flows used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock related to follow-on offering, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from Business Combination Transaction, net of offering costs 

() 

Proceeds from the exercise of public warrants 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and ESPP purchases 

Proceeds from financing liability, related party 

Proceeds from financing liability 

Proceeds from issuance of 2027 convertible senior notes, net of offering costs 

Deferred costs related to financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the period 

Non-cash operating, investing, and financing activities 

Fixed asset additions included in accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Offering costs included in accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Cashless exercise of private placement warrants 

Settlement of Equity Commitment liability upon issuance of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock 

Reclassification of deferred financing costs to additional paid-in capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

CEREVEL THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Formation Transaction Date), when Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. (Old Cerevel), a private company and our predecessor, in-licensed technology to a portfolio of pre-commercial neuroscience assets from Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer) in exchange for the issuance of Series A-2 Preferred Stock of Old Cerevel and obtained a million equity commitment (the Equity Commitment), from BC Perception Holdings, LP (Bain Investor), an affiliate of Bain Capital, to develop the in-licensed assets in exchange for the issuance of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock of Old Cerevel (the Formation Transaction). In connection with the Formation Transaction, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Pfizer and Bain Investor (the Stock Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which Bain Investor also received the option to purchase up to an additional million shares of Old Cerevel at per share, subject to Pfizer s participation rights (the Share Purchase Option). On the Formation Transaction Date, we received an initial investment of million in equity funding from Bain Investor to begin operations. During 2019 we received an additional investment of million in equity funding from Bain Investor. Bain Investor contributed an additional million in equity funding in July 2020 (the Additional Financing Shares). On , ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II (ARYA) completed the acquisition of Old Cerevel pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Transaction or Business Combination). ARYA was incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 20, 2020, and was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Old Cerevel was incorporated in Delaware on July 23, 2018, under the name Perception Holdco, Inc., which was subsequently changed to Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. on October 23, 2018. Upon closing of the Business Combination Transaction, Old Cerevel became a wholly owned subsidiary of ARYA and ARYA was renamed Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (New Cerevel) and the Equity Commitment, Share Purchase Option and Stock Purchase Agreement related to Old Cerevel were terminated and the remaining Equity Commitment immediately prior to the closing of million was considered satisfied. In addition, the existing stockholders of Old Cerevel exchanged their equity interests of Old Cerevel for shares of common stock of New Cerevel. Net proceeds from this transaction totaled approximately million. For additional information on the Business Combination Transaction and the Additional Financing Shares, please read Note 3 , Business Combination , to these consolidated financial statements. For additional information on our license arrangement with Pfizer, please read Note 6 , Pfizer License Agreement , to these consolidated financial statements. For additional information on the Equity Commitment and the Share Purchase Option, please read Note 7 , Equity Commitment and Share Purchase Option , to these consolidated financial statements. 

 Our product candidates, currently under development or that we may develop, will require significant additional research and development efforts, including extensive clinical testing and regulatory approval prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel infrastructure and extensive compliance and reporting capabilities. There can be no assurance that our research and development activities will be successfully completed, that adequate protection for our licensed or developed technology will be obtained and maintained, that products developed will obtain necessary government regulatory approval or that any approved products will be commercially viable. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of continuity of operations, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and, as of December 31, 2022, had an accumulated deficit of million and had not yet generated revenues. In addition, we anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities to support our research, discovery and clinical development efforts and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We have funded our operations primarily with the net proceeds received from the issuance of preferred stock, common stock and convertible senior notes, net proceeds from the consummation of the Business Combination and the Funding Agreements (as defined in Note 8, Financing Liabilities , to these consolidated financial statements). We believe that our available cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, will enable us to fund our operating expense and capital expenditure requirements through at least 12 months from the issuance date of these financial statements. Impact of the Ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic We are closely monitoring the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business, including how it has impacted and may continue to impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers, vendors and business partners. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which, despite progress in vaccination efforts, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the pandemic, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, such as new variants or subvariants, which may impact rates of infection and vaccination efforts and the extent and effectiveness of actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, including vaccination campaigns, COVID-19 treatments and lockdown measures, among others. We have not incurred any significant impairment losses in the carrying values of our assets as a result of the pandemic and we are not aware of any specific related event or circumstance that would require us to revise our estimates reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Our estimates of the impact on our business may change based on new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the actions to contain it or treat its impact and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. 

 million. These proceeds were comprised of funds held in ARYA s trust account and funds received from the completion of a concurrent private investment in public equity financing (PIPE Financing), which included the million received from Bain Investor in July 2020 (the Additional Financing Shares). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the existing stockholders of Old Cerevel exchanged their interests for shares of common stock of New Cerevel. In addition, ARYA issued public warrants and private placement warrants (collectively, the warrants) in its IPO in June 2020, and upon the consummation of the Business Combination Transaction, each outstanding warrant of ARYA became one warrant to purchase one share of New Cerevel common stock. None of the terms of the warrants were modified as a result of the Business Combination Transaction. Immediately after giving effect to the Business Combination Transaction, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding and warrants outstanding to purchase shares of common stock of New Cerevel. We accounted for the Business Combination Transaction as a reverse recapitalization, which is the equivalent of Old Cerevel issuing stock for the net assets of ARYA, accompanied by a recapitalization, with ARYA treated as the acquired company for accounting purposes. The determination of ARYA as the acquired company for accounting purposes was primarily based on the fact that subsequent to the business combination, Cerevel held a majority of the voting power of the combined company, Cerevel comprised all of the ongoing operations of the combined entity, and a majority of the governing body of the combined company and Cerevel s senior management comprised all of the senior management of the combined company. The net assets of ARYA were stated at historical cost with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Reported results from operations included herein prior to the Business Combination are those of Old Cerevel. The effect of the Exchange Ratio has been retroactively applied throughout our consolidated financial statements. In connection with the Business Combination Transaction, we incurred underwriting fees and other costs considered direct and incremental to the transaction totaling million, consisting of legal, accounting, financial advisory and other professional fees. These amounts are reflected within additional paid-in capital in our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, upon completion of our Business Combination Transaction, we also paid the remaining management fees payable under the agreement with Bain Investor to provide management services (Management Agreement), of approximately million, which have been reflected in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statement of operations along with other incremental costs not considered directly attributable to the Business Combination Transaction for the year ended December 31, 2020. PIPE Financing (Private Placement) Concurrent with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements) with certain investors, including, among others, Perceptive Life Sciences Master Fund Ltd, a fund managed by Perceptive Advisors, an affiliate of ARYA, as well as certain equity holders of Cerevel, including Pfizer and Bain Investor (collectively, the PIPE Investors). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, on October 27, 2020, each PIPE Investor subscribed for and purchased, and we issued and sold to such investors, an aggregate of shares of ARYA Common Stock for a purchase price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of million (the PIPE Financing). Additional Financing Shares Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into with Bain Investor (the Bain Subscription Agreement), Bain Investor, pre-funded a portion of its subscription amount by purchasing equity securities of Cerevel prior to the closing of the Business Combination Transaction, the proceeds of which were used to fund Cerevel s ongoing operations prior to completion of the transaction. In July 2020, Bain Investor pre-funded million of its million subscription amount in exchange for Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock. The Additional Financing Shares contained a redemption feature whereby these shares were required to be redeemed for a number of newly issued shares identical to the shares issued in a private placement, including a private investment in public equity in connection with a business combination between the company and a special purpose acquisition company or a Series B financing, in an aggregate amount equal to million divided by the per share price paid by the other purchasers. Upon closing of the Business Combination Transaction, which satisfied the condition allowing for redemption as described above, the Additional Financing Shares were exchanged for shares of New Cerevel common stock at the fair value of the New Cerevel common stock. As a result of this exchange, we recognized a decrease to accumulated deficit related to the difference between the initial carrying value of the shares issued of Old Cerevel in July and the fair value of New Cerevel common stock of million and million for the Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock, respectively. Summary of Net Proceeds 

Cash - PIPE Financing (including proceeds from Bain Investor July Additional Financing Shares) 

Less: Underwriting fees and other offering costs 

() 

Proceeds from Business Combination Transaction, net of offering costs paid per the Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Less: Acceleration of Cerevel management fees paid to Bain Investor included in G A expense 

() 

Net proceeds from the Business Combination Transaction 

In addition to the net proceeds disclosed above, we also assumed million of prepaid assets of ARYA upon closing of the Business Combination Transaction. Summary of Shares Issued 

Less: redemption of ARYA shares prior to the Business Combination Transaction 

() 

Common stock of ARYA 

Shares issued pursuant to the PIPE Financing (including Bain Investor July 2020 Additional Financing Shares) 

Business Combination and PIPE Financing shares 

Conversion of Old Cerevel Series A-1 preferred shares for common stock 

Conversion of Old Cerevel Series A common stock for common stock 

Conversion of Old Cerevel Series A-2 preferred shares for common stock 

Issuance of additional common stock related to anti-dilution protections of Old Cerevel Series A-2 preferred shares 

Conversion of Old Cerevel common stock under the equity incentive plans for common stock 

Total shares of New Cerevel common stock outstanding immediately following the Business Combination Transaction 

reportable segment. All of our long-lived assets are held in the United States. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Furniture and fixtures 

Laboratory equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Costs of major additions and improvements are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the determination of net income or loss. The cost of normal, recurring, or periodic repairs and maintenance activities are expensed as incurred. 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

 Level 2 Observable inputs (other than Level 1 quoted prices), such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, and similar techniques. 

 A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. To the extent that the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value may require significant judgment and involve uncertainty. Changes in our fair value measurements could have a significant impact on our results of operations in any given period. 

million of costs to additional paid-in capital as a result of an offering under the shelf registration statement in August 2022, and charged the remaining million of costs to general and administration expense in November 2022 upon the filing of the Form S-3 filed in November 2022. 
 revenues to date. 
 
 million and million, respectively, related to the reimbursement of certain research and development costs received from the National Institute of Drug Abuse agency of the National Institutes of Health. Additionally, we have recognized a receivable in prepaid expenses and other current assets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, for qualifying costs incurred but not yet reimbursed. 

Prior to the closing of the Business Combination Transaction, we estimated the fair value of the stock option awards on the date of grant using the option pricing method, which is a variant of an income approach. The option pricing method was used given that a portion of the option awards have an exercise price that is considered to be deeply out of the money. The option pricing method incorporated the probability of the performance and market conditions being met and adjustments to the estimated life and value of the options to reflect the necessary growth in the common share value for such shares to become exercisable. Given that the common stock represented a non-marketable equity interest in a private enterprise, an adjustment was made to account for the lack of liquidity that a stockholder would experience. This adjustment is commonly referred to as a discount for lack of marketability. As there was no public market for our common stock prior to the closing of the Business Combination Transaction, we determined the volatility for options granted based on an analysis of reported data for a peer group of companies. The expected volatility of granted options were determined using a weighted-average of the historical volatility measures of this peer group of companies. The expected life of options for these awards were determined by probability-weighting the calculated expected life of the option at each month the option was eligible to be at- or in-the-money to estimate the overall adjusted expected life. We did not utilize the simplified method to determine expected life as this method is not valid for options that are deeply out of the money. The risk-free interest rate utilized in our calculations was based on a treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected life of the stock options. The expected dividend yield was assumed to be zero as we have never paid dividends and do not have current plans to pay any dividends on our common stock. 
 public warrants and private placement warrants (collectively, the warrants) outstanding. Each outstanding warrant of ARYA became one warrant to purchase one share of New Cerevel common stock. We determined that the public warrants satisfied the criteria for classification as equity instruments at each reporting period through their exercise or redemption. In certain circumstances, the identity of the holder may result in different settlement amounts, and therefore the private placement warrants were not considered indexed in our own stock in the manner contemplated by ASC Section 815-40-15. Accordingly, we recognized the liability associated with the private placement warrants within other long-term liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2021, and revalued the liability on a recurring basis each reporting period through their cashless exercise and settlement in September 2021. We did t recognize a liability in relation to the private placement warrants prior to March 31, 2021, as we previously determined that the fair value of these warrants was immaterial. warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Changes in fair value of these warrants were recognized as an adjustment to other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Changes in the fair value of the private placement warrants resulted from changes to one or multiple inputs, including adjustments to the discount rate, expected volatility and dividend yield as well as changes in the fair value of our common stock and public warrants. 

Convertible Debt In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) : Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity (ASU 2020-06), which simplified the accounting for convertible debt instruments by eliminating the cash conversion and beneficial conversion feature models that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features as a component of equity. Instead, the entity would account for the convertible debt as a single unit of account, unless conversion features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. This ASU also amended the accounting for certain contracts in an entity s own equity that would have previously been accounted for as derivatives, by removing certain criteria required for equity classification, and modified the diluted earnings per share calculation for convertible instruments, by requiring the use of the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. We ASU 2020-06 on . The adoption of this standard did t have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements as we had no transactions applicable to this guidance. This guidance was subsequently applied to the convertible senior notes we issued in August 2022, as further discussed in Note 9, 2027 Convertible Senior Notes , to these consolidated financial statements. 

 shares of Old Cerevel Series A-2 Preferred Stock with an estimated fair value of million, or per share. We also reimbursed Pfizer for million of direct transaction costs related to the Pfizer License Agreement, bringing the total consideration to million, which was recorded as a charge to research and development expense as these assets had not yet reached technological feasibility and held no alternative future use at the time of the Formation Transaction. The fair value of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock was established using an income approach for the valuation of our business enterprise value at the Formation Transaction Date, and the option pricing method for the fair value of all shares subject to the Formation Transaction. Upon closing of the Business Combination Transaction, Pfizer s shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock after giving effect to the anti-dilution protections and the Exchange Ratio established by the Business Combination. We accounted for the acquisition of the Pfizer License Agreement as an asset acquisition. The Pfizer License Agreement is limited to the intellectual property and rights to develop certain non-commercially approved compounds with no existing revenues and we did not acquire an organized workforce of Pfizer employees nor any third-party arrangements that constitute a substantive process capable of developing the compounds. The assets acquired were measured based on the fair value of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock issued to Pfizer and direct transaction costs of million, as the fair value of the equity given was more readily determinable than the fair value of the assets received. Under the terms of the Pfizer License Agreement, we are also required to make regulatory approval milestone payments to Pfizer, ranging from million to million, on a compound-by-compound basis, upon the first regulatory approval in the United States for the first product containing or comprised of a given compound, with the amount of the payments determined by which designated group the compound falls into and with each such group generally characterized by the compounds stage of development. Each such regulatory approval milestone is payable only once per compound. If all of our disclosed product candidates currently under development are approved in the United States, the total aggregate amount of such regulatory approval milestones payable to Pfizer would be approximately million. regulatory approval milestone payments were made or became due during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. In addition, we are required to pay Pfizer commercial milestone payments up to an aggregate of million per product, when aggregate net sales of products under the Pfizer License Agreement in a calendar year first reach various thresholds ranging from million to billion. Each commercial milestone payment is payable only once upon first achievement of the applicable commercial milestone. If all of our disclosed product candidates currently under development achieve all of the commercial milestones, the total aggregate amount of such commercial milestones payable to Pfizer would total approximately billion. Pfizer commercial milestone payments were made or became due during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We are also required to pay Pfizer tiered royalties on the aggregate net sales, during each calendar year, determined on a product-by-product basis, with respect to products under the Pfizer License Agreement, at percentages ranging from the low-single to mid-teens, with the royalty rate determined by which designated group the applicable compound for such product falls into and with each such group generally characterized by the compounds stage of development, and subject to certain royalty deductions for the expiration of patent, regulatory and data exclusivity, generic competition and third-party royalty payments as set forth in the Pfizer License Agreement. The royalty term expires, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, on the later of (1) expiration of all regulatory or data exclusivity for such product in such country, (2) the date upon which the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of such product in such country would no longer infringe, but for the license granted in the Pfizer License Agreement, a valid claim of the licensed patents and (3) 12 years following the first commercial sale of such product in such country. royalty payments were made or became due in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Pfizer can terminate the Pfizer License Agreement in its entirety upon a material breach by us, subject to specified notice and cure provisions. However, if such material breach is with respect to one or more, but not all, products, targets or countries, Pfizer s right to terminate is only with respect to such products, targets or countries. Either party may terminate the Pfizer License Agreement in its entirety upon event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding of the other party or a force majeure event that prohibits the other party from performing for a period of time. Absent early termination, the term of the Pfizer License Agreement will continue on a country-by-country basis and product-by-product basis, until the expiration of the royalty term for the country and the product. Upon Pfizer s termination of the Pfizer License Agreement for our material breach or either party s termination for bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar proceeding or force majeure, we would grant Pfizer an exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license under certain intellectual property we develop during the term of the Pfizer License Agreement. 

 million in exchange for shares of Old Cerevel Series A-1 Preferred Stock and shares of Old Cerevel Series A Common Stock. Additionally, Bain Investor had the ability, pursuant to conditions set forth in more detail below, to purchase a combination of additional shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock at a price of per share. The Stock Purchase Agreement, among other things, provided that if we had not received million in aggregate gross cash proceeds in exchange for equity interests, which such amount includes the proceeds received in the initial financing and subsequent financings and is referred to as the Financing Threshold, by September 24, 2022, Bain Investor would have been required to purchase that amount of shares of our common stock such that the Financing Threshold would have been met; if any time, prior to the Financing Threshold having been met, our cash balance was equal to or less than million, Bain Investor would have been required to purchase an amount of additional shares of our Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock that allowed us to maintain a reasonable level of cash to fund our operations in accordance with the previously agreed development plan for at least six months; and 

 until the time the Financing Threshold was met, Bain Investor had the right to purchase up to that amount of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock at a purchase price of per share that results in the Financing Threshold having been met. 

 In June 2019, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, Bain Investor contributed an additional million in exchange for additional shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and shares of Series A Common Stock. In December 2019, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, Bain Investor contributed an additional million in exchange for additional shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and shares of Series A Common Stock. In July 2020, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, Bain Investor contributed an additional million in exchange for additional shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and shares of Series A Common Stock (the Additional Financing Shares). As a result of these transactions, the remaining Equity Commitment was million, which was considered satisfied upon closing of the Business Combination Transaction. Immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination Transaction, the Equity Commitment was adjusted to its final fair value of . Share Purchase Option Under the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement entered into in connection with the Formation Transaction, Bain Investor retained an option to purchase a combination of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Common Stock at per share up to an aggregate amount of million, exercisable any time after the Equity Commitment is fulfilled and prior to the earlier of completing an IPO or receiving aggregate cash proceeds of million from the issuance of equity securities inclusive of any proceeds received pursuant to the Share Purchase Option. Pfizer had rights to participate in the purchase of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series A Common Stock upon exercise of the Share Purchase Option; however, any such participation would not have increased the number of shares available under the Share Purchase Option. Upon closing of the Business Combination Transaction, the Share Purchase Option was terminated. Immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination Transaction, the Share Purchase Option was adjusted to its final fair value of . 

 million in funding from each of NovaQuest and Bain, for a combined total of up to million in funding (the Total Funding Commitment), of which approximately million of the Total Funding Commitment, net of million of fees incurred by Bain and NovaQuest) was received in April 2021, million of the Total Funding Commitment) was received in April 2022, and approximately million of the Total Funding Commitment) and million of the Total Funding Commitment) are expected to be received on the second and third anniversaries of the Effective Date, respectively, subject to certain customary funding conditions. In return, we agreed to pay to NovaQuest and Bain (1) upon approval of tavapadon by the FDA, a combined million x of the Total Funding Commitment) (the Approval Milestone Payment), with of the Approval Milestone Payment due within 30 days of FDA approval and of the Approval Milestone Payment due on each of the first four anniversaries of FDA approval, (2) upon first reaching certain cumulative U.S. net sales thresholds, certain sales milestone payments and (3) combined tiered, mid-single digit to low-double digit royalties on annual net sales of tavapadon in the U.S. At the time that NovaQuest and Bain collectively receive an aggregate of approximately million x of the Total Funding Commitment), our payment obligations under the Funding Agreements will be fully satisfied. We have the option to satisfy our payment obligations to NovaQuest and Bain upon the , by paying an amount equal to the Total Funding Commitment multiplied by an initial factor of x. This factor will increase ratably over time up to a maximum of x, less amounts previously paid to NovaQuest and Bain. During the term of the Funding Agreements, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize tavapadon in the United States, except that, upon the occurrence of certain significant safety, efficacy and regulatory technical failures of the program (each, a Technical Failure), the Company will have the right to terminate the development of tavapadon and, upon such termination, will not be obligated to make any payments to NovaQuest and Bain. If we suspend or terminate the development of tavapadon or fail to perform certain diligence obligations for any reason other than a Technical Failure, we will pay NovaQuest and Bain a combined amount equal to the total amount funded by NovaQuest and Bain up to the date of termination, plus interest compounded annually. We determined that each funding agreement represents a financial instrument that is considered to be a debt host containing embedded redemption features due to certain contingencies related to repayment. We elected to account for the Funding Agreements in accordance with the fair value option as permitted under ASC 825, Financial Instruments . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of the financing liability related to potential amounts payable to Bain under the Bain Funding Agreement, which is reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as financing liability, related party, totaled approximately million and million , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of the financing liability related to potential amounts payable to NovaQuest under the NovaQuest Funding Agreement, which is reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as financing liability, totaled approximately million and million , respectively.) 

Change in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss 

() 

Financing liability 

Change in fair value recognized in other expense (income), net 

() 

Change in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss 

() 

In addition, we recognized a charge to general and administrative expense of million in the second quarter of 2021 for direct costs and fees incurred related to the Funding Agreements that cannot be deferred as a result of our election to apply the fair value option to the agreements. 

 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes) pursuant to, and which are governed by, an indenture (the Indenture), between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The million aggregate principal amount issued includes the purchase of million aggregate principal amount issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchasers of the 2027 Notes of their option to purchase additional 2027 Notes. The aggregate net proceeds from the 2027 Notes offering totaled approximately million, after deducting the initial purchasers' discounts of million and other offering expenses of approximately million. per annum, payable in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2023. The 2027 Notes mature on , unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. Holders of 2027 Notes may convert all or any portion of their Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 15, 2027, in multiples of only in the following circumstances: during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2022, if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; 

 during the five consecutive business days immediately after any 10 consecutive trading day period (the Measurement Period) in which the trading price per principal amount of notes for each trading day of the Measurement Period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; 

 upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on our common stock, as defined in the Indenture; and 

 if we call the 2027 Notes for redemption. 

 From and after May 15, 2027, noteholders may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The initial conversion rate is shares of common stock per principal amount of the 2027 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, or a total of approximately shares. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. We may not redeem the 2027 Notes at any time before August 20, 2025 and no sinking fund is required to be provided for the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations described below), at our option at any time, on or after August 20, 2025, and on or before the 50th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, under certain circumstances defined within the Indenture. We may not redeem less than all of the outstanding notes unless at least million aggregate principal amount of notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time we send the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any of the 2027 Notes for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to such notes, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of such notes will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. The Indenture has customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the 2027 Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the 2027 Notes, requires a default for 30 consecutive days); (ii) our failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) our failure to convert the 2027 Notes upon the exercise of the conversion right with respect to such notes, subject to a three business day cure period; (iv) our failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to our ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of our assets, taken as a whole, to another person; (v) a default in our other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the 2027 Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (vi) certain defaults by us or any of our significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for money borrowed of at least ; and (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving us or any of our significant subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may elect, at our option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by us to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are our senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with our existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the 2027 Notes in right of payment; (iii) effectively subordinated to our future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent we are not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of our subsidiaries. We accounted for the issuance of the 2027 Notes under ASC Topic 470-20, Debt: Debt with Conversion and Other Options , after the adoption of ASU 2020-06, which became effective beginning January 1, 2022. All of the proceeds received from the issuance of the 2027 Notes were recorded as a liability in our consolidated balance sheet. In connection with the issuance of the 2027 Notes, we incurred approximately million of debt issuance costs, which primarily consisted of initial purchasers discounts and other offering expenses. We accounted for the debt issuance costs as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which was recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the debt in our consolidated balance sheet and is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected life of the 2027 Notes or approximately their five-year term. As of December 31, 2022 , accrued interest on the 2027 Notes of million was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

Unamortized debt discount 

() 

Net carrying amount 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense 

Effective interest rate 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2026 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2027 

Thereafter 

Total future payments 

Less: amounts representing interest 

() 

Total principal amount 

F- 23 

Marketable securities (current) 

U.S. government treasuries 

U.S. government agencies 

Corporate debt securities 

Commercial paper 

Marketable securities (non-current) 

U.S. government agencies 

Restricted cash 

Money market funds 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Financing liability, related party 

Financing liability 

Total liabilities 

As of December 31, 2021 (In thousands) 
 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents 

Money market funds 

Corporate debt securities 

Commercial paper 

Marketable securities (current) 

U.S. government treasuries 

Corporate debt securities 

Commercial paper 

Marketable securities (non-current) 

U.S. government treasuries 

Restricted cash 

Money market funds 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Private placement warrants 

Financing liability, related party 

Financing liability 

Total liabilities 

We have t recognized any impairments of our assets measured and carried at fair value during the year ended December 31, 2022. There have been changes in valuation techniques, inputs utilized or transfers between fair measurement levels in the periods presented. The fair value of our Level 2 instruments were determined using third-party pricing sources. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. We validate the prices provided by our third-party pricing services by understanding the models used, obtaining market values from other pricing sources and analyzing pricing data in certain instances. After completing our validation procedures, we did not adjust or override any fair value measurements provided by our pricing services as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying amounts reflected in our consolidated balance sheets for our cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, our financing liabilities represented our only Level 3 assets or liabilities carried at fair market value. Changes in the fair value remeasurement of our financing liabilities can result from changes to one or multiple inputs, including Level 3 fair value inputs that are not readily observable. We reclassified the fair value associated with the outstanding private placement warrants from equity to other long-term liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2021, and revalued the liability on a recurring basis each reporting period through their cashless exercise and settlement in September 2021. The fair value of our private placement warrant liability was determined utilizing a binomial lattice model using Level 3 fair value inputs. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized net losses totaling million on the fair value remeasurement of the private placement warrants within other income (expense), net. private placement warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. For additional information on our private placement warrants, please read Note 13, Stockholders' Equity , to these consolidated financial statements. Marketable Securities 

() 

U.S. government agencies 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

Commercial paper 

() 

Due after one year through two years 

U.S. government agencies 

() 

Total marketable securities 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 (In thousands) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Due in one year or less 

U.S. government treasuries 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

Commercial paper 

() 

Due after one year through two years 

U.S. government treasuries 

() 

Total marketable securities 

() 

We had realized gains or losses recognized on the sale or maturity of marketable securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. To date, we have not recognized any allowances for credit losses or impairments in relation to our available-for-sale marketable securities as these marketable securities are comprised of high credit quality, investment grade securities that we do not intend or expect to be required to sell prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in fair value of these securities is attributable to factors other than credit losses. All marketable securities with unrealized losses presented in the previous tables have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months or the loss is not material. Based on our evaluation, we determined credit losses related to marketable securities were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The weighted average maturity of our marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , was approximately and , respectively. Financing Liabilities Upon execution of the Funding Agreements, we determined that the agreements qualified for election under the fair value option and initially measured the financial instruments at their issue-date estimated fair value. We revalue the related financial liabilities on a recurring basis at each reporting period. As of December 31, 2022, the financing liability, related party and financing liability each totaled approximately million . We determined their respective estimated fair values using a Monte Carlo simulation model under the income approach determined by using probability assessments of the expected future cash receipts and expected future cash payments and discount rates ranging from approximately to for the year ended December 31, 2022 . As of December 31, 2021, we used a discount rate of approximately . The probability assessments of the expected future cash receipts and expected future payments and the timing of expected future repayments are based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and are subject to remeasurement at each reporting date. 

Funding commitment received 

Change in fair value recognized in other (income) expense, net 

() 

Change in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss 

() 

Ending financing liabilities balance 

For additional information related to the fair value of our financing liability and financing liability, related party, please read Note 8, Financing Liabilities , to these consolidated financial statements. 2027 Convertible Senior Notes The fair value of the 2027 Notes, which were issued in August 2022, may differ from the carrying value. The fair value is determined utilizing prices for the 2027 Notes observed in market trading. As the market for the trading of the 2027 Notes is not considered to be an active market, the estimate of fair value is considered a Level 2 measurement. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes, which have an aggregate carrying value of million , was million . For additional information related to the 2027 Notes, please read Note 9, 2027 Convertible Senior Notes , to these consolidated financial statements. 

 11 

Prepaid research and development expenses 

Prepaid insurance 

Other prepaid expenses 

Interest receivable 

Other 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Furniture and fixtures 

Laboratory equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

In the second quarter of 2021, we completed the build-out and took occupancy of our headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts, placed assets ready-for-use in service and began depreciating the related assets over their respective useful lives. Depreciation expense totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other Long-Term Assets 

Deferred expenses associated with financing activities 

Other 

Other long-term assets 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, other prepaid expenses, net of current portion, primarily consisted of deposits paid under certain CRO agreements that will be held until the completion of the related clinical trials which are anticipated to end more than 12 months from the balance sheet date. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued compensation and personnel costs 

Accrued property and equipment 

Accrued professional fees and consulting services 

Accrued interest 

Other 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Interest Income (Expense), net 

Interest expense 

() 

Interest income (expense), net 

Other Income (Expense), net 

() 

Gain (loss) on fair value remeasurement of financing liability 

() 

Loss on fair value remeasurement of private placement warrants 

() 

Loss on fair value remeasurement of Equity Commitment 

() 

Gain on fair value remeasurement of Share Purchase Option 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

term located at . This space serves as our corporate headquarters and is comprised of office and laboratory space. Under the terms of the lease, we have the option to extend for and we have assessed whether to include the renewal periods as part of the lease term based on a variety of factors, such as the fair market value rental rate, the economic life of leasehold improvements, as well as the current and anticipated stages of the company at the inception and conclusion of the original lease term. The renewal options have been excluded from the lease term and will be reassessed, as necessary. In September 2020, we amended the lease to add approximately square feet to bring the total space to approximately square feet. The lease allowed for a tenant improvement allowance of up to per square foot, or approximately million. As of December 31, 2021, we had collected the entire million reimbursement for the tenant improvement allowance from the landlord. We previously had an operating lease for office space at , which commenced in April 2019 and terminated on . Operating leases are amortized over the lease term and included in costs and expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Variable lease costs, or amounts owed to a lessor that are not fixed, such as property taxes, are recognized in costs and expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as incurred. 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Other information 

Operating cash flows included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

(1) Short-term lease costs incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2026 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2027 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Less: Effect of discounting 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current lease liabilities 

Noncurrent lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Preferred Stock Pursuant to the terms of our certificate of incorporation, we have authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. Our board of directors or any authorized committee thereof is expressly authorized, without further action by our stockholders, to issue such shares of preferred stock from time to time on terms it may determine, to divide shares of preferred stock into one or more series and to fix the designations, preferences, privileges and restrictions of preferred stock. There were issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Common Stock Pursuant to the terms of our certificate of incorporation, we have authorized shares of common stock, par value per share. There were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Voting The holders of our common stock are entitled to for each share of common stock held of record by such holder on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, provided, however, that, except as otherwise required in our certificate of incorporation or by applicable law, the holders of our common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to our certificate of incorporation (or on any amendment to a certificate of designations of any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon, and there is no cumulative voting. Dividends Subject to any other provisions of our certificate of incorporation, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably, in proportion to the number of shares of common stock held by them, such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property when, as and if declared thereon by our board of directors from time to time out of our assets or funds legally available therefor. dividends have been declared to date. August 2022 Public Offering In August 2022, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock pursuant to which we issued and sold shares of our common stock at a price to the public of per share. The aggregate net proceeds from this offering totaled approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses of approximately million. Additionally, we reclassified million of deferred offering costs to additional paid-in capital as a result of this offering related to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was originally filed in November 2021. For additional information related to our accounting policies for offering costs, please read Note 4 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to these consolidated financial statements. July 2021 Public Offering In July 2021, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock pursuant to which we issued and sold shares of our common stock at a price to the public of per share. The aggregate net proceeds from this offering totaled approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses of approximately million. ATM Program In November 2021, we entered into an open market sales agreement with Jefferies LLC, as sales agent, to provide for the issuance and sale of up to million of our common stock from time-to-time in at-the-market offerings (the ATM Program). As of December 31, 2022 , sales had been made pursuant to the ATM Program. Warrants Upon the consummation of the Business Combination Transaction, there were public warrants and private placement warrants (collectively, the warrants) outstanding. Each outstanding warrant of ARYA became one warrant to purchase one share of New Cerevel common stock. Pursuant to the agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants traded. If a holder would have been entitled to receive a fractional warrant, we rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants to be issued to the warrant holder. None of the terms of the warrants were modified as a result of the Business Combination Transaction. The warrants became exercisable beginning on . Public Warrants We determined that the public warrants satisfied the criteria for classification as equity instruments in our consolidated balance sheets through their exercise or redemption. On July 30, 2021, we announced the redemption of all of the outstanding public warrants with a redemption date of August 30, 2021 (the Redemption Date). Any public warrants that remained outstanding as of the Redemption Date became void and no longer exercisable and the holders of such public warrants became entitled to receive the redemption price of per public warrant. At any time prior to the Redemption Date, the public warrants were able to be exercised by the holders to purchase shares of our common stock at the exercise price of per share. An aggregate of public warrants were exercised prior to the Redemption Date for an equal number of shares of our common stock, resulting in gross proceeds to us of approximately million. The public warrants that remained unexercised following the Redemption Date were redeemed for per public warrant. public warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Private Placement Warrants We reclassified the fair value associated with the outstanding private placement warrants from equity to other long-term liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2021, and revalued the liability on a recurring basis each reporting period through their cashless exercise and settlement in exchange for the issuance of shares of our common stock in September 2021. The fair value of the private placement warrants as of March 31, 2021, totaled approximately million. Upon establishment of this liability, we reclassified approximately million from additional paid-in capital and recognized a charge of approximately million to other income (expense), net, reflecting the net change in fair value of these warrants between October 27, 2020 and March 31, 2021. We did t recognize a liability in relation to our private placement warrants prior to March 31, 2021, as we previously determined that the fair value of these warrants was immaterial. private placement warrants remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a net loss of million as a component of other income (expense), net, related to the change in fair value of our private placement warrants. The change in the fair value of this liability was primary due to changes in the fair value of the underlying common stock. 

General and administrative 

Total equity-based compensation expense included in total operating expense 

The following table summarizes equity-based compensation expense by award type included in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 

For the year ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Stock options 

Restricted stock units 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Total equity-based compensation expense included in total operating expense 

Equity Incentive Plans We have two share-based compensation plans pursuant to which awards are currently being granted: (1) the Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan); and (2) the Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP). Prior to the completion of the Business Combination Transaction, we had two share-based compensation plans under which awards were granted, but from which no further awards can or will be granted: (1) the Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan); and (2) the Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Old 2020 Plan). As of the closing date of the Business Combination Transaction, the options and restricted stock units (RSUs) outstanding under the 2018 Plan were converted into options and RSUs upon completion of the Business Combination after effect of the Exchange Ratio. In addition, the stock options awards outstanding under the Old 2020 Plan were converted into stock options upon completion of the Business Combination Transaction after effect of the Exchange Ratio. Each Old Cerevel option from our 2018 Plan and Old 2020 Plan that was outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination Transaction, whether vested or unvested, was converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of common stock (each such option, an Exchanged Option) equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (i) the number of shares of Old Cerevel common stock subject to such Old Cerevel option immediately prior to the Business Combination and (ii) the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (A) the exercise price per share of such Old Cerevel option immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, divided by (B) the Exchange Ratio. Except as specifically provided in the Business Combination Agreement, following the Business Combination, each Exchanged Option will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting and exercisability terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former Old Cerevel option immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. All stock option activity was retroactively restated to reflect the Exchanged Options. Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan On October 27, 2020, our board of directors approved the 2020 Plan, pursuant to which shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance. The 2020 Plan provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2020 Plan will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2021, by of the outstanding number of shares of common stock on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser amount as determined by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, shares remain available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan provides for us to grant incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options for the purchase of common stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, unrestricted stock awards, cash-based awards, and dividend equivalent rights, to employees, officers, directors and consultants of New Cerevel. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees. The 2020 Plan is administered by the plan administrator provided therein, which has discretionary authority, subject only to the express provisions of the 2020 Plan, to interpret the 2020 Plan; determine eligibility for and grant awards; determine form of settlement of awards (whether in cash, shares of stock, other property or a combination of the foregoing), determine, modify, or waive the terms and conditions of any award; prescribe forms, rules and procedures; and otherwise do all things necessary to carry out the purposes of the 2020 Plan. Pursuant to the 2020 Plan, the exercise price of each award requiring exercise is of the fair market value of stock subject to the award, determined as of the date of the grant, or such higher amount as the administrator determines in connection with the grant, and the term of stock option is not greater than . We generally grant equity-based awards with service, market and performance conditions. Stock Options will vest on the first anniversary of the vesting start date, with the remaining to vest ratably in thereafter until the award fully vests upon the fourth anniversary of the vesting start date. The vesting of these awards is generally contingent upon the respective grantee s continued employment through the vesting dates. Stock options granted to our non-employee directors generally vest, if at all, either in monthly installments through the third anniversary of the grant date or on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited, canceled or expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the closing stock price of our common stock and the exercise price of in-the-money options. stock options were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2020. Our closing stock price as reported on Nasdaq as of December 30, 2022, the last trading day of the year, was . Stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , had a weighted average grant-date fair value of and , respectively. Stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 , had a weighted average grant-date fair value of , with those granted prior to our Business Combination determined on an as-converted basis after effect of the Exchange Ratio. As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized equity-based compensation expense relating to stock options outstanding was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Restricted Stock Units beginning on the first anniversary of the vesting start date. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized equity-based compensation expense relating to restricted stock unit awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan At a special meeting of stockholders held on October 26, 2020, stockholders considered and approved the ESPP. The ESPP provides employees with an opportunity to acquire shares of common stock at a discounted price. An aggregate of shares were initially reserved and available for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the plan will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2021, by of the outstanding number of shares of common stock on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser amount as determined by our board of directors; provided that the total number of shares of common stock that become available for issuance under the ESPP will never exceed . If our capital structure changes because of a stock dividend, stock split or similar event, the number of shares that can be issued under the ESPP will be appropriately adjusted. We received million and million in cash and issued shares and shares of common stock under the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. shares of common stock were issued under the ESPP for the year ended December 31, 2020. Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan On July 27, 2020, our board of directors approved the Old 2020 Plan, pursuant to which shares of common stock were reserved for issuance. The vesting eligibility and administration of our Old 2020 Plan is substantially identical to our 2018 Plan. Upon completion of the Business Combination Transaction we ceased granting awards under the Old 2020 Plan and all awards under the Old 2020 Plan were converted into awards under the 2020 Plan with the same terms and conditions. As of October 27, 2020, prior to the Business Combination Transaction, Old Cerevel options remained outstanding under the Old 2020 Plan. Cerevel Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan Our 2018 Plan, as amended, provided for us to sell or issue common stock or restricted common stock, or to grant incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options for the purchase of common stock, to employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors. Under the 2018 Plan incentive stock options could only be granted to employees. The 2018 Plan was administered by the plan administrator, provided therein, which had discretionary authority, subject only to the express provisions of the 2018 Plan, to interpret the 2018 Plan; determine eligibility for and grant awards; determine form of settlement of awards (whether in cash, shares of stock, other property or a combination of the foregoing), determine, modify, or waive the terms and conditions of any award; prescribe forms, rules and procedures; and otherwise do all things necessary to carry out the purposes of the 2018 Plan. The exercise price of each award requiring exercise was of the fair market value of stock subject to the award, determined as of the date of the grant, or such higher amount as the administrator determined in connection with the grant, and the term of stock option was not greater than . The vesting and other restrictions were determined at the discretion of the plan administrator. We generally grant equity-based awards with service, market and performance conditions. Upon completion of the Business Combination Transaction we ceased granting awards under the 2018 Plan and all awards under the 2018 Plan were converted into awards under the 2020 Plan with the same terms and conditions. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination Transaction, the number of stock options granted under our 2018 Plan represented the maximum Available Vesting Amount (defined below) number of shares eligible to vest. million) divided by million. The total amount of shares for each award is capped at a specified maximum percentage of our fully diluted shares for each award, which for all awards, in total, represents of our fully diluted shares at the point in time first million of funding is achieved. Based on the terms of the awards, we concluded that such awards include both market and performance conditions. As a result of our Business Combination Transaction, the final Available Vesting Amount under our 2018 Plan was achieved due to the remaining Equity Commitment being satisfied by the funding obtained during the Business Combination and concurrent PIPE Financing, including investors other than Bain Investor. The number of shares available to vest was reduced to be less than the maximum number of shares eligible if Bain Investor had funded the entire Equity Commitment. As such, we recorded the fair value of the stock options to account for the change in probability of the performance condition in which Bain Investor satisfied part of the Equity Commitment and the Business Combination and PIPE Financing were considered to satisfy the remaining Equity Commitment by recording a cumulative catch-up adjustment as if the performance condition achieved had been applied since the grant date. Upon satisfaction of the performance condition Old Cerevel options remained outstanding under the 2018 Plan. 

 F- 33 

() 

() 

Benefit related to the redemption of Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock at less than the carrying value 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares used in calculating net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2020, was adjusted to reflect the benefit related to the redemption of the outstanding Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock at less than carrying value upon completion of the Business Combination Transaction, which was treated as a return from the preferred stockholder. Upon completion of the Business Combination Transaction, a redemption of Series A redeemable common stock also occurred for an amount less than the carrying value; however, we did not recognize the benefit for contributions from redeemable common stock at less than carrying value as income was not allocated to such common stock under two-class method. As such, the redemption of the Series A redeemable common stock at less than carrying value did not impact our numerator in our net loss per share calculation for the year ended December 31, 2020. Since we were in a loss position for all periods presented, diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same as basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders as the inclusion of all potential dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. 

Restricted stock units outstanding 

Warrants 

Common stock issuable upon conversion of the 2027 Notes 

Total 

For additional information related to the conversion of the 2027 Notes, please read Note 9, 2027 Convertible Senior Notes , to these consolidated financial statements. 

State tax expense, net of federal benefit 

Executive compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Non-deductible fair value adjustment 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Tax credits 

Other 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Effective tax rate 

Current and Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Capitalized research and development 

Operating lease liabilities 

Tax credits 

Equity-based compensation 

Accruals and reserves 

Amortization 

Financing liabilities 

Other deferred tax assets 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Operating lease assets 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

We have recorded a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , as we believe that it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. Our valuation allowance increased by approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily as a result of the increase in our unbenefited net operating loss and tax credits for both periods, as well as the capitalization of research and development expenditures under Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the period incurred and requires capitalization and amortization of such expenditures over five or , as applicable, pursuant to Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code. Significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities include temporary differences related to net operating loss carryforwards, capitalized research and development expenditures, lease liabilities, stock compensation, tax credits and our financing liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 , deferred tax assets include approximately million of federal net operating loss carryforwards, all of which have an indefinite carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022 , deferred tax assets also include approximately million of state net operating loss carryforwards , with million expiring at various dates between and and the remaining million having an indefinite carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022 , we also had federal and state research and development tax credits of million and million, respectively, which begin to expire in for federal purposes and for state purposes. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders over a three-year period in excess of 50 , as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively, as well as similar state provisions. This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of our company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. We have not conducted an assessment to determine whether there may have been a Section 382 or 383 ownership change. For financial reporting purposes, net losses before income taxes include million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We have no foreign operations and as such, the pretax loss is generated entirely in the United States. 

Foreign 

Deferred tax expenses 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Income tax (benefit) provision, net 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had unrecognized tax benefits. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, we had accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and no such amounts have been recognized in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. We will recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated research credits but have not conducted a study to document the qualified activities. This study may result in an adjustment to our research and development credit carryforwards; however, until a study is completed, and any adjustment is known, no amounts are being presented as an uncertain tax position. A full valuation allowance has been provided against our research and development credits and, if an adjustment is required, this adjustment would be offset by an adjustment to the deferred tax asset established for the research and development credit carryforwards and the valuation allowance. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal tax jurisdiction and state jurisdictions. Our initial tax return period for U.S. federal income taxes was the 2018 period. We currently remain open to examination under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service and state jurisdictions for the 2021, 2020, and 2019 tax years. To the extent we have loss and credit carryforwards, the tax years in which the carryforward was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. 

t incurred any losses or any material costs related to these indemnification obligations and claims with respect thereto were outstanding. We do not believe that the outcome of any claims under indemnification arrangements will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and we have t accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

 F- 36 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 shares of our common stock and had nominated members to our board of directors. For information related to our license agreement with Pfizer, please read Note 6 , Pfizer License Agreement , to these consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Bain Investor held shares of our common stock and had nominated members to our board of directors. Research Collaboration and License Agreement In June 2022, we entered into a research collaboration and license agreement with Pfizer, pursuant to which we will collaborate to identify, screen and evaluate compounds directed at certain targets for neuroscience diseases using Pfizer s chemical library. Under the terms of the agreement, we will be required to reimburse Pfizer for certain research services and make a contingent development milestone payment and single-digit royalty payments on net sales of products containing one or more compounds derived from the collaboration. amounts have been incurred under the agreement to date . Funding Agreement In April 2021, we entered into a funding agreement with Bain, pursuant to which Bain will provide up to million in funding (the Bain Funding Commitment) to support our development of tavapadon for the treatment of Parkinson s disease over , of which approximately million of the Bain Funding Commitment, net of million of fees incurred by Bain) was received in April 2021 and million of the Bain Funding Commitment) was received in April 2022. For additional information related to our funding agreement with Bain, please read Note 8, Financing Liabilities , to these consolidated financial statements. Management Agreement In connection with the initial financing, on the Formation Transaction Date, we entered into an agreement with Bain Capital Private Equity, LP and Bain Capital Life Sciences, LP, which are entities related to Bain Investor, whereby such entities would provide certain management services to us for a fee of million per year, paid in quarterly, non-refundable installments (Management Agreement). This agreement obligated us to pay such entities, in the aggregate, a million fee upon the completion of a qualified public offering or change of control transaction, less any quarterly fees previously paid to such entities. Upon completion of the Business Combination Transaction, we paid the remaining approximately million of management fees payable under the Management Agreement and no additional fees remain payable pursuant to this agreement. Inclusive of this final payment made under the Management Agreement, we incurred management fees to Bain Capital Private Equity, LP and Bain Capital Life Sciences, LP totaling million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Following the closing of the Business Combination, we entered into a new management agreement with Bain Capital Private Equity, LP and Bain Capital Life Sciences, LP providing for the expense reimbursement and indemnification of such entities. amounts were incurred under the management agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

F- 37 

<EX-4>
 2
 cere-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 The following description of the capital stock of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (the Company, we, us, and our is a summary of certain provisions of our securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part, and by applicable law. This description also summarizes relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the DGCL for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Capital 
 
 The total amount of our authorized share capital consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting rights . Each holder of common stock is entitled to one (1) vote for each share of common stock held of record by such holder on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, provided, however, that, except as otherwise required in our Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the holders of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (or on any amendment to a certificate of designations of any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. There is no cumulative voting. 
 
 Dividend rights . Subject to any other provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, as it may be amended from time to time, holders of shares of common stock will be entitled to receive ratably, in proportion to the number of shares of common stock held by them, such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property when, as and if declared thereon by our board of directors from time to time out of our assets or funds legally available therefor. 
 
 Rights upon liquidation . Subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of our debts and any other payments required by law and amounts payable upon shares of preferred stock ranking senior to the shares of common stock upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up, if any, our remaining net assets will be distributed to the holders of shares of common stock and the holders of shares of any other class or series ranking equally with the shares of common stock upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up, equally on a per share basis. 
 
 Other rights . No holder of shares of common stock is entitled to preemptive or subscription rights contained in our Certificate of Incorporation or in our Bylaws. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of the common stock will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of the preferred stock with preferential rights that we may issue in the future. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our board of directors or any authorized committee thereof is expressly authorized to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time on terms it may determine, to divide shares of preferred stock into one or more series and to fix the designations, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and the number of shares 
 
 constituting any series or the designation of any series to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of our common stock, restricting dividends on our capital stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our capital stock or delaying or preventing a change in our control. 
 
 Election of Directors, Staggered Board and Vacancies 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances and the terms and conditions of an existing registration and shareholder rights agreement among us and certain of our stockholders (the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement ), the number of directors of our board of directors shall be fixed solely and exclusively by resolution duly adopted from time to time by our board of directors. 
 
 Pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation, our directors, other than those who may be elected by holders of any series of preferred stock, shall be divided, with respect to the term for which they severally hold office, into three classes, serving staggered three-year terms, with one class being elected each year. The classification of directors could have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board of directors. 
 
 Under our Bylaws, at all meetings of stockholders called for the election of directors, in uncontested elections, a director nominee will be elected by the vote of a majority of the votes properly cast, which means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director. In contested elections, where the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, plurality voting will continue to apply. 
 
 Except as the DGCL or the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement may otherwise require and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock, in the interim between annual meetings of stockholders or special meetings of stockholders called for the election of directors and/or the removal of one or more directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, newly created directorships and any vacancies on our board of directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. All directors will hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors will have been elected and qualified, except that incumbent directors who fail to receive a majority of votes cast at a meeting of stockholders will not be elected and will be required to tender a letter of resignation to the Chairperson of the Board. A director elected or appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a director or a newly created directorship will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor will have been elected and qualified. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock, when the number of directors is increased or decreased, our board of directors shall, subject to applicable provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, determine the class or classes to which the increased or decreased number of directors shall be apportioned. 
 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of any series of preferred stock and the terms of the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, and as except as otherwise required in connection with the election of directors at meetings of our stockholders pursuant to our Bylaws, any director may be removed from office only with cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Except as otherwise required in connection with the election of directors at meetings of our stockholders pursuant to our Bylaws, any such director proposed to be removed from office is entitled to advance written notice as described in our Certificate of Incorporation. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, in case our board of directors or any one or more directors should be so removed, new directors may be elected at the same time for the unexpired portion of the full term of the director or directors so removed. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any director elected pursuant to the right, if any, of the holders of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances will serve for such term or terms and pursuant to such other provisions as specified in the relevant certificate of designations related to such preferred stock. 

Quorum 
 
 The holders of a majority of the voting power of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise required by law or provided by our Certificate of Incorporation. If a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy or the presiding officer, may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum will be present or represented. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting will be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 
 
 Anti-takeover Effects of our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of us. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give our board of directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 
 
 Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), which would apply if and so long as our common stock remains listed on Nasdaq, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of common stock. 
 
 One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved common stock may be to enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise and thereby protect the continuity of management and possibly deprive stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 
 
 Special Meeting, Action by Written Consent and Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals 
 	 
 Unless otherwise required by law, and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock, special meetings of our stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called only by a majority of our board of directors. At any time when no annual meeting has been held for a period of thirteen (13) months after our last annual meeting, a special meeting in lieu thereof may be held, and such special meeting shall have, for the purposes of our Bylaws or otherwise, all the force and effect of an annual meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders will be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. 
 
 Except as may otherwise be provided by or pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation (or any certificate of designations of any series of preferred stock then outstanding) with respect to the holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders at any annual or special meeting of stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken or effected by a written consent of stockholders in lieu thereof. 
 
 In addition, our Bylaws require advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders, including the nomination of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider the proposals specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the 
 
 meeting and who has delivered a timely written notice in proper form to our secretary, of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. 
 
 These provisions could have the effect of deterring or delaying stockholder actions, even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on amendments to a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws is required to approve such amendment, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the following provisions therein may be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3 in voting power of all the then outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon and the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3 of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class: 
 
 the provisions regarding the size of our board of directors, the classification of our board of directors, and the election of directors pursuant to the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement; 

the provisions prohibiting stockholder actions without a meeting; 

the provisions regarding calling special meetings of stockholders; 

the provisions regarding removal of directors; or 

the provisions regarding the limited liability of our directors. 

Our Bylaws may be amended or repealed (i) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire board of directors then in office (subject to any bylaw requiring the affirmative vote of a larger percentage of the members of our board of directors) or (ii) without the approval of the board of directors, by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2/3 of the outstanding voting stock entitled to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting as a single class, provided that if our board of directors recommends that stockholders approve such amendment or repeal at such meeting of stockholders, then such amendment or repeal shall only require the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting as a single class. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 
 Section 203 of the DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15 or more of the voting stock of a Delaware corporation, such person becomes an interested stockholder and may not engage in certain business combinations with the corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock, unless: 
 
 (1) the board of directors approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder; 

(2) the interested stockholder owns at least 85 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans); or 

(3) the merger transaction is approved by the board of directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A Delaware corporation may elect in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws not to be governed by this particular Delaware law. 

Under our Certificate of Incorporation, we opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL and therefore are not subject to Section 203. However, our Certificate of Incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 
 
 prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or 

at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66-2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our voting stock. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that (i) investment funds affiliated with Bain Capital Investors, LLC or Bain Capital Life Sciences Investors, LLC and their respective successors, transferees and affiliates, or (ii) any person whose ownership of shares in excess of the 15 limitation set forth therein is the result of any action taken solely by us (provided, that such person shall be an interested stockholder if thereafter such person acquires additional shares of our voting stock, except as a result of further corporate actions not caused by such person do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. 
 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware, if the basis of the indemnitee s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director or officer of us or any of our subsidiaries or was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us, if so requested, to advance within ten (10) days of such request all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 
 Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions 
 
 Our Bylaws require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and other employees for breach of fiduciary duty, actions asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws, actions to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws and actions asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s 
 
 counsel; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions will not apply to any claims arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 
 In addition, our Bylaws require that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act. We have chosen the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts as the exclusive forum for such Securities Act causes of action because our principal executive offices are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the foregoing provisions. 
 
 The foregoing exclusive forum provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although our Bylaws contain the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could rule that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CERE . 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 cere-ex10_7.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.7 
 
 CAMBRIDGE CROSSING 
 222 Jacobs Street 
 CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease 
 Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC 
 
 	This Second Amendment to Lease (this Second Amendment is made effective as of November 17, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ), by and between DW Propco JK, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and Cerevel Therapeutics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Tenant ). 
 
 Background 
 
 A.	Pursuant to that certain Lease dated as of July 3, 2019 between Landlord and Tenant (the Original Lease as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease dated September 1, 2020 (the First Amendment and together with the Original Lease, the Existing Lease ), Landlord leased to Tenant certain premises as more particularly described in the Existing Lease as the Premises in the building known as 222 Jacobs Street (the Building constructed on Parcel JK in a development project known as Cambridge Crossing, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Capitalized terms used in this Second Amendment and not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Lease. The Existing Lease, as amended hereby, is sometimes referred to herein as the Lease . 
 
 	B.	The parties desire to enter into this Second Amendment to acknowledge a Parking License to be entered into on or about the date hereof between Tenant and another tenant in the Building, and to grant Tenant certain signage rights as more particularly described herein, all on the terms and conditions set forth in this Second Amendment. 
 Agreement 
 	NOW, THEREFORE, for value received, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Parking License . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that Tenant and another tenant in the Building, Philips Electronics Realty, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Philips ), are, simultaneously herewith, entering into that certain parking license in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Parking License whereby Tenant shall sublicense eight (8) parking spaces within the Building Garage from Philips (the Licensed Parking Rights ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Parking License, (a) neither the Parking License nor this Second Amendment shall be deemed, nor are they intended, to grant to Tenant any rights whatsoever against Landlord with respect to the Licensed Parking Rights and (b) Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that its sole remedy for any alleged or actual breach of its rights in connection with the Parking License shall be solely against Philips, that it is not a third party beneficiary under the lease agreement between Philips and Landlord, and that it is not entitled to assert, against Landlord, any claims arising under the Parking License, whether in its own right, on behalf of Philips, by a purported assignment of Philip s rights to the Licensed Parking Rights to Tenant, or otherwise. For administrative convenience, Tenant and Philips have agreed pursuant to the terms of the Parking License that Tenant shall pay when due directly to Landlord any fee due to Landlord for the Licensed Parking Rights during the term of the Parking License. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that (i) the fee due to Landlord for the Licensed Parking Rights during the term of the Parking License shall be the then prevailing rate from time to time established by Landlord (or its designated garage operator) for unreserved spaces in the Building Garage, (ii) such fee shall be paid to Landlord or Landlord s designated garage operator on a monthly basis for each of the parking spaces granted pursuant to the Licensed Parking Rights, and (iii) Landlord s agreement to receive such direct payments of such parking fees shall not cause Landlord 

1 
 
 to assume any of the duties, obligations and/or liabilities of Philips under the terms of the Parking License, nor shall such event impose upon Landlord the duty or obligation to honor the Licensed Parking Rights in the event of any termination of the Parking License. 

2. Signage . Landlord has advised Tenant that, simultaneously herewith, Landlord and Philips are entering into an agreement whereby Landlord will grant to Philips certain rights to install signage on the canopy of the Building (the Philips Canopy Signage Rights ). Tenant acknowledges the foregoing, and in consideration of such acknowledgement, in addition to Tenant s signage rights set forth in Section 2.2(e) of the Lease, Landlord hereby grants to Tenant the following signage rights, subject to the terms of this Second Amendment: 

a. Building Main Entry Sign . So long as the Philips Canopy Signage Rights remain in effect and have not been terminated by Landlord, Tenant shall have the right to increase the size of the listing of its name on the Building Main Entrance Sign to such size, location, materials, and other particulars reasonably specified or approved by Landlord; provided that, notwithstanding any prior approvals or installations on the Building Main Entrance Sign, Tenant shall have the right to use up to fifty percent (50 of such Building Main Entrance Sign (i.e., the height of the font size for Tenant s name on the Building Main Entrance Sign may be equal to or smaller than (but not greater than) the height of the font size for Philips name thereon, and the area of Tenant s name on such Building Main Entrance Sign may be equal to or less than (but not larger than) to the area for Philips name thereon). From and after the Amendment Effective Date, Tenant s signage on the Building Main Entrance Sign (as increased hereunder) shall be deemed included in the term Tenant s Signage and subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease applicable to Tenant s Signage, and the installation and/or listing of any new signage hereunder shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Existing Lease, including without limitation, Section 2.2(e) thereof (i.e., Landlord shall perform the installation of Tenant s name on the Building Main Entrance Sign, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost of the same within thirty (30) days of invoice therefor from Landlord). Upon notice to Tenant that the Philips Canopy Signage Rights have been terminated, Tenant s right to increase the size of the listing of its name on the Building Main Entrance Sign shall be terminated and Tenant shall be required to remove the listing of its name on the Building Main Entrance Sign in accordance with the terms of Section 2.2(e) of the Existing Lease. Notwithstanding any such termination, Tenant s rights with respect to the Building Main Entrance Sign under Section 2.2(e) of the Existing Lease shall thereafter apply (i.e., Tenant shall have the right to list its name on the Building Main Entrance Sign, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2(e) of the Existing Lease). 

b. Lobby Glass Entry Door Signage . Tenant shall, as of the Amendment Effective Date, have the right to install signage on the glass entryway to the First Floor Space (the Entry Door Signage ), subject to Landlord s right to review and approve of such Entry Door Signage (including without limitation the size, location, materials, and other particulars thereof). The Entry Door Signage must comply with the Master Plan Permits and other Applicable Legal Requirements and shall be consistent with the First-Class Signage Standard. Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining all governmental permits and approvals required for the Entry Door Signage, if any. Prior to installing the Entry Door Signage, Tenant shall submit to Landlord for its review and approval, detailed construction plans and specifications for the Entry Door Signage showing the location, size, height, graphics, materials, manner of installation, and other details of the proposed signage. Tenant shall be solely responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for installing, maintaining, operating, and repairing Entry Door Signage in compliance with all Applicable Legal Requirements and in accordance with the First-Class Signage Standard. At the expiration or earlier termination of the Term (or such earlier date on which Tenant is no longer entitled to maintain the applicable Entry Door Signage), Tenant shall remove the Entry Door Signage, repair any damage to the Building caused by such installations and removal, and restore the areas affected by such removal. From and after 

2 
 
 the Amendment Effective Date, Tenant s Entry Door Signage shall be deemed included in the term Tenant s Signage and subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease applicable to Tenant s Signage. 

3. Ratification and Confirmation. Except as expressly set forth herein, the Existing Lease as originally executed is hereby ratified and confirmed and is acknowledged by the parties to be in full force and effect. 

4. General . This Second Amendment may be executed in one or more counterpart signature pages (all of which when signed shall constitute a single agreement), shall be construed as a sealed instrument, and shall be governed exclusively by the provisions hereof and by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to principles of choice of law or conflicts of law. An electronic, digital, or facsimile signature to this Second Amendment shall be sufficient to prove the execution by a party. If any provisions shall to any extent be invalid, the remainder shall not be affected. Other than contemporaneous instruments executed and delivered of even date, if any, this Second Amendment contains all of the agreements between Landlord and Tenant relating in any way to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and dealings between them with respect thereto. There are no oral agreements between Landlord and Tenant relating to this Second Amendment or the subject matter hereof. The Lease may further be amended only by instrument in writing executed and delivered by both Landlord and Tenant. The provisions of the Lease shall bind Landlord and Tenant and their respective successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Landlord and its successors and assigns and of Tenant and its permitted successors and assigns, subject to Article 13 of the Original Lease. The titles are for convenience only and shall not be considered a part of this Second Amendment. This Second Amendment shall not be construed more strictly against one party than against the other merely by virtue of the fact that it may have been prepared primarily by counsel for one of the parties, it being recognized that both Landlord and Tenant have contributed substantially and materially to the preparation of this Second Amendment. This Second Amendment and all consents, notices, approvals and all other related documents may be reproduced by any party by any electronic means or by facsimile, photographic, microfilm, microfiche or other reproduction process and the originals may be destroyed; and each party agrees that any reproductions shall be as admissible in evidence in any judicial or administrative proceeding as the original itself (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not reproduction was made in the regular course of business), and that any further reproduction of such reproduction shall likewise be admissible. This Second Amendment shall be deemed to have been executed and delivered within The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the rights and obligations of Landlord and Tenant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

[ signatures on the attached page ] 
 
 3 
 
 	Executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 LANDLORD: 
 DW PROPCO JK, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Michael Carp ____________________ 
 Name: Michael Carp 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 TENANT: 
 CEREVEL THERAPEUTICS, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Douglas Barta ___________________ 
 Name: Douglas Barta 
 Title: CIO 

[ signature page for Second Amendment to Lease ] 
 
 4 
 
 Exhibit A to Second Amendment 
 
 Parking License 

[intentionally omitted] 
 
 5 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 cere-ex10_13.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.13 
 
 cerevel THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS, INC. 
 non-employee director compensation policy 
 Amended: December 7, 2022 
 The purpose of this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (the Policy of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), is to provide a total compensation package that enables the Company to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, high-caliber members of the Board of Directors (the Board who are not employees or officers of the Company or its subsidiaries Outside Directors ). Unless provided otherwise, this Policy will become effective as of its date of adoption (the Effective Date ). The Board reserves the right to amend this Policy from time to time. Unless expressly stated otherwise, amendments to this policy shall only have prospective effect. In furtherance of the purpose stated above, all Outside Directors shall be paid compensation for services provided to the Company as set forth below: 
 I. Cash Retainers 

The Company shall pay cash retainers to its Outside Directors as set forth below, such retainers to be (i) paid for the directors general availability and participation in meetings and conference calls, (ii) paid quarterly in arrears, and (iii) pro-rated based on the number of actual days served by the director on the Board or applicable committee during such calendar quarter or year. 

Retainers for Board Service 
 Amount ) 

Annual Retainer for All Outside Directors 
 50,000 

Additional Annual Retainer for Lead Independent Director 
 50,000 

Retainers for Committee Service 
 Chair Amount ) 
 Member Amount ) 

Audit Committee 
 20,000 
 10,000 

Compensation Committee 
 15,000 
 7,500 

Nominating and Governance Committee 
 15,000 
 7,500 

Science and Technology Committee 
 15,000 
 7,500 

II. Equity Retainers 

All grants of equity retainer awards to Outside Directors pursuant to this Policy will be automatic and nondiscretionary and will be made in accordance with the following provisions: 
 (a) Initial Grant . For purposes of this Policy, Value means, with respect to any award of stock options, the grant date fair value of the option (i.e., Black-Scholes Value) determined in accordance with the reasonable assumptions and methodologies employed by the Company for calculating the fair value of options under ASC 718. 

Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 Page 2 
 Following the Effective Date, on the first trading day of the month following the later of (1) the date on which such Outside Director commences his or her service with the Company or (2) the date on which such grant is approved by the Board, each new Outside Director will receive stock options to purchase that number of shares of the Company s common stock and restricted stock units, in an approximate ratio of 75 stock options and 25 restricted stock units, that has a Value equivalent to 642,000 (the Initial Grant ), that vests, in the case of stock options, in thirty six (36) monthly installments through the third anniversary of the grant date, and, in the case of restricted stock units, in three (3) annual installments through the third anniversary of the grant date; provided, however, that all vesting ceases if the director resigns from the Board of Directors or otherwise ceases to serve as a director, unless the Board of Directors determines that the circumstances warrant continuation of vesting. 

(b) Annual Grant . On the date of the Company s annual meeting of stockholders, each Outside Director who will continue as a member of the Board of Directors following such annual meeting of stockholders will receive stock options to purchase that number of shares of the Company s common stock and restricted stock units, in an approximate ratio of 75 stock options and 25 restricted stock units, that has a Value equivalent to 428,000 (the Annual Grant that vests, in the case of both stock options and restricted stock units, in full on the earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the next annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that all vesting ceases if the director resigns from the Board or otherwise ceases to serve as a director, unless the Board determines that the circumstances warrant continuation of vesting. The first Annual Grant following an Outside Director s commencement of service on the Board will be prorated based on such Outside Director s length of service on the Board during the preceding 12-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that an Outside Director s service on the Board does not commence before October 1st of a calendar year, then such Outside Director shall not receive an Annual Grant at the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders. 

(c) General Provisions; Revisions . All stock option awards provided pursuant to this Policy shall be granted under the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan or any successor plan designated by the Board. Each stock option grant will have a ten-year term. All such awards shall be evidenced by, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in, a written agreement in substantially the form approved by the Board. Subject to approval from the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board may change and otherwise revise the terms of awards to be granted under this Policy, including, without limitation, the number of shares subject thereto, for awards of the same or different type granted on or after the date the Board determines to make any such change or revision. 

(d) Sale Event Acceleration . In the event of a Sale Event (as defined in the 2020 Plan), the equity retainer awards granted to Outside Directors pursuant to this Policy shall become 100 vested and exercisable. 

III. Expenses 

Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 Page 3 
 The Company will reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Outside Directors in attending meetings of the Board of Directors or any Committee thereof. 
 IV. Maximum Annual Compensation 

The aggregate amount of compensation, including both equity compensation and cash compensation, paid to any Outside Director in a calendar year period shall not exceed 750,000; provided , however that such amount shall be 1,000,000 for the calendar year in which the applicable Outside Director is initially elected or appointed to the Board (or such other limit as may be set forth in Section 3(d) of the 2020 Plan or any similar provision of a successor plan). For this purpose, the amount of equity compensation paid in a calendar year shall be determined based on the grant date fair value thereof, as determined in accordance with ASC 718 or its successor provision, but excluding the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. 
 Adopted October 27, 2020 and amended on December 4, 2020, April 8, 2021, December 8, 2021 and December 7, 2022. 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 5
 cere-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-260945) of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-250964) of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-264812) of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251881) pertaining to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and Amended and Restated 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc., and 

(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 263158) pertaining to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and Amended and Restated 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.; 

of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 cere-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, N. Anthony Coles, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ N. Anthony Coles 

N. Anthony Coles 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 cere-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark Bodenrader, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Bodenrader 

Mark Bodenrader 

Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 cere-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ N. Anthony Coles 

N. Anthony Coles 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 cere-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Bodenrader 

Mark Bodenrader 

Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 34
 cere-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 35
 cere-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 36
 cere-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 37
 cere-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 38
 cere-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

