<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_874766_0000874766-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>59928629</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>818772</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11774700</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>23692188</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11334351</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11265844</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000874766-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224160422
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000874766-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		238
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000874766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				133317783
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13958
		FILM NUMBER:		23666966

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE HARTFORD PLAZA
		CITY:			HARTFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06155
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8605475000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE HARTFORD PLAZA
		CITY:			HARTFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06155

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP INC/DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITT HARTFORD GROUP INC /DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000874766-23-000023.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 hig-20221231.htm
 10-K

hig-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 (b) OF THE ACT: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 (g) OF THE ACT: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark: if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Non-accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately billion, based on the closing price of 65.43 per share of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were outstanding shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, of the registrant. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item Description Page Part I 
 1 BUSINESS 
 6 
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 21 
 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None 2 PROPERTIES 
 33 
 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 33 
 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable Part II 
 5 MARKET FOR THE HARTFORD'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 34 
 6 RESERVED None 7 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 36 
 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK [a] 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA [b] 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 114 
 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not Applicable Part III 
 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE HARTFORD 
 116 
 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION [c] 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 117 
 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE [d] 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES [e] Part IV 
 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 118 
 EXHIBITS INDEX 
 218 
 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not Applicable SIGNATURES 
 221 
 
 [a] The information required by this item is set forth in the Enterprise Risk Management section of Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 [b] See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules elsewhere herein. 
 [c] The information called for by Item 11 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the subcaptions "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", "Executive Compensation", "Director Compensation", "Report of the Compensation and Management Development Committee", and "Compensation and Management Development Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 [d] Any information called for by Item 13 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the caption and subcaption "Board and Governance Matters" and "Director Independence" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 [e] The information called for by Item 14 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the caption "Audit Matters" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 3 

Forward-looking Statements 
 Certain of the statements contained herein are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, estimates, expects, projects, and similar references to future periods. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and assumptions regarding future economic, competitive, legislative and other developments and their potential effect upon The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company" or "The Hartford"). Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Actual results could differ materially from expectations depending on the evolution of various factors, including the risks and uncertainties identified below, as well as factors described in such forward-looking statements; or in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Risks Relating to Economic, Political and Global Market Conditions: 
 challenges related to the Company s current operating environment, including global political, economic and market conditions, and the effect of financial market disruptions, economic downturns, changes in trade regulation including tariffs and other barriers or other potentially adverse macroeconomic developments on the demand for our products and returns in our investment portfolios; 
 the effects of the continued COVID-19 pandemic, including exposure to COVID-19 business interruption property claims, the possibility of a resurgence of excess mortality losses in Group Benefits, and the potential for further legislative, regulatory or judicial actions pertaining to insurance underwriting and claims; 
 market risks associated with our business, including changes in credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, inflation rate, foreign currency exchange rates and market volatility; 
 the impact on our investment portfolio if our investment portfolio is concentrated in any particular segment of the economy; 
 the impacts of changing climate and weather patterns on our businesses, operations and investment portfolio including on claims, demand and pricing of our products, the availability and cost of reinsurance, our modeling data used to evaluate and manage risks of catastrophes and severe weather events, the value of our investment portfolios and credit risk with reinsurers and other counterparties; 
 Insurance Industry and Product-Related Risks: 
 the possibility of unfavorable loss development, including with respect to long-tailed exposures; 
 the significant uncertainties that limit our ability to estimate the ultimate reserves necessary for asbestos and environmental claims; 
 the possibility of another pandemic, civil unrest, earthquake, or other natural or man-made disaster that may adversely affect our businesses; 
 weather and other natural physical events, including the intensity and frequency of thunderstorms, tornadoes, hail, wildfires, flooding, winter storms, hurricanes and tropical storms, as well as climate change and its potential impact on weather patterns; 
 the possible occurrence of terrorist attacks and the Company s inability to contain its exposure as a result of, among other factors, the inability to exclude coverage for terrorist attacks from workers' compensation policies and limitations on reinsurance coverage from the federal government under applicable laws; 
 the Company s ability to effectively price its products and policies, including its ability to obtain regulatory consents to pricing actions or to non-renewal or withdrawal of certain product lines; 
 actions by competitors that may be larger or have greater financial resources than we do; 
 technological changes, including usage-based methods of determining premiums, advancements in automotive safety features, the development of autonomous vehicles, and platforms that facilitate ride sharing; 
 the Company's ability to market, distribute and provide insurance products and investment advisory services through current and future distribution channels and advisory firms; 
 the uncertain effects of emerging claim and coverage issues; 
 political instability, politically motivated violence or civil unrest, which may increase the frequency and severity of insured losses; 
 Financial Strength, Credit and Counterparty Risks: 
 risks to our business, financial position, prospects and results associated with negative rating actions or downgrades in the Company s financial strength and credit ratings or negative rating actions or downgrades relating to our investments; 
 4 

capital requirements which are subject to many factors, including many that are outside the Company s control, such as National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") risk based capital formulas, rating agency capital models, Funds at Lloyd's and Solvency Capital Requirement, which can in turn affect our credit and financial strength ratings, cost of capital, regulatory compliance and other aspects of our business and results; 
 losses due to nonperformance or defaults by others, including credit risk with counterparties associated with investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables and indemnifications provided by third parties in connection with previous dispositions; 
 the potential for losses due to our reinsurers' unwillingness or inability to meet their obligations under reinsurance contracts and the availability, pricing and adequacy of reinsurance to protect the Company against losses; 
 state and international regulatory limitations on the ability of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends; 
 Risks Relating to Estimates, Assumptions and Valuations: 
 risks associated with the use of analytical models in making decisions in key areas such as underwriting, pricing, capital management, reserving, investments, reinsurance and catastrophe risk management; 
 the potential for differing interpretations of the methodologies, estimations and assumptions that underlie the Company s fair value estimates for its investments and the evaluation of intent-to-sell impairments and allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale securities and mortgage loans; 
 the potential for impairments of our goodwill; 
 Strategic and Operational Risks: 
 the Company s ability to maintain the availability of its systems and safeguard the security of its data in the event of a disaster, cyber or other information security incident or other unanticipated event; 
 the potential for difficulties arising from outsourcing and similar third-party relationships; 
 the risks, challenges and uncertainties associated with capital management plans, expense reduction initiatives and other actions; 
 risks associated with acquisitions and divestitures, including the challenges of integrating acquired companies or businesses, which may result in our inability to achieve the anticipated benefits and synergies and may result in unintended consequences; 
 difficulty in attracting and retaining talented and qualified personnel, including key employees, such as executives, managers and employees with strong technological, analytical and other specialized skills; 
 the Company s ability to protect its intellectual property and defend against claims of infringement; 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks: 
 the cost and other potential effects of increased federal, state and international regulatory and legislative developments, including those that could adversely impact the demand for the Company s products, operating costs and required capital levels; 
 unfavorable judicial or legislative developments; 
 the impact of changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws; 
 regulatory requirements that could delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider in their best interests; and 
 the impact of potential changes in accounting principles and related financial reporting requirements. 
 Any forward-looking statement made by the Company in this document speaks only as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K. Factors or events that could cause the Company s actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of them. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 5 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

Item 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 (Dollar amounts in millions, except for per share data, unless otherwise stated) 
 
 GENERAL 
 The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, The Hartford , the Company , we , or our is a holding company for a group of subsidiaries that provide property and casualty ("P C") insurance, group benefits insurance and services, and mutual funds and exchange-traded funds to individual and business customers in the United States as well as in the United Kingdom and other international locations. The Hartford is headquartered in Connecticut and its oldest subsidiary, Hartford Fire Insurance Company, dates back to 1810. As of December 31, 2022, total assets and total stockholders equity of The Hartford were 73.0 billion and 13.6 billion, respectively. 
 
 ORGANIZATION 
 The Hartford strives to maintain and enhance its position as a market leader within the financial services industry. The Company sells diverse and innovative products through multiple distribution channels to individuals and businesses and is considered a leading property and casualty and employee group benefits insurer. The Hartford Stag logo is one of the most recognized symbols in the financial services industry. 
 As a holding company, The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. is separate and distinct from its subsidiaries and has no significant business operations of its own. The holding company relies on the dividends from its insurance companies and other subsidiaries as the principal source of cash flow to meet its obligations, pay dividends and repurchase common stock. 

Information regarding the cash flow and liquidity needs of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. may be found in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A Capital Resources and Liquidity. 
 
 PURPOSE and STRATEGIC PRIORITIES 
 The Hartford s mission is to provide people with the support and protection they need to pursue their unique ambitions, seize opportunity, and prevail through unexpected challenge. Our strategy to maximize value creation for all stakeholders focuses on advancing underwriting excellence, emphasizing digital capabilities, maximizing distribution channels, optimizing organizational efficiency, and advancing environmental, social and governance ("ESG") leadership. 
 We endeavor to maintain and enhance our position as a market leader by leveraging our core strengths of underwriting excellence, risk management, claims, product development and distribution. We are investing in claims processing, analytics, data science and digital capabilities to strengthen our existing competitive advantages. 
 An ethics, people, and performance-driven culture drives our values. We have proactive positions on ESG issues important to our sustainability and our capacity to deliver long-term stockholder value. 

6 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

Strategic Priorities 
 Our strategy remains consistent and we are focused on the following priorities across our businesses: 
 Advancing leading underwriting capabilities across our portfolio to offer expanded products and services; 
 Emphasizing digital capabilities and data science that enhance the customer experience and improve underwriting and claims decision making; 
 Maximizing distribution channels and product breadth to increase market share; 
 Optimizing organizational efficiency with a focus on continuous improvement. For information on the Company s operational transformation and cost reduction plan (called Hartford Next ), refer to The Hartford s Operations section of Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; 
 Balancing use of excess capital for organic growth, investments in the business, and return to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases; and 
 Continuing to advance ESG leadership in order to attract and retain top talent and enhance value to stockholders. For more information on retaining and attracting talent through our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, refer to the Human Capital Resources section of Part 1, Item 1. 
 Within our businesses, in 2023 we will continue to pursue objectives specific to each, including: 
 Commercial Lines 
 Maintaining underwriting and pricing discipline across property and liability lines of business in the face of increased loss costs while navigating continued pricing pressure in workers compensation; 
 Continuing to broaden our underwriting capabilities, product breadth, and risk appetite, increasing the cross-sell of global specialty product lines to customers of small commercial and middle large commercial, and growing specialized verticals in middle large commercial; 
 Accelerating use of data, digital technology and voice of customer to drive a best-in-class experience; 
 Enabling improved risk selection and portfolio decisions through data science and analytics; and 
 Expanding distribution to match customers preferred access points. 
 Personal Lines 
 Regaining competitive momentum through the continued rollout of our new automobile and homeowners product, Prevail, which is tailored to the mature market and includes digital service capabilities that provide real time transaction support; 
 Addressing higher loss cost trends through pricing and underwriting actions; 
 Transforming underwriting to improve customer experience and reduce expenses; 
 Driving new business in AARP Direct through direct marketing initiatives; and 

Expanding use of telematics and investing in digital capabilities. 
 Group Benefits 
 Continuing to grow revenues through strong sales and persistency; 
 Expanding absence/leave management capabilities and pursuing product innovation to meet the rapidly evolving needs of employers and employees; 
 Continuing to grow market share of voluntary product offerings, including supplemental health coverage, as well as new state paid family and medical leave; 
 Investing in technology that enhances the overall customer experience; and 
 Investing in data and analytics and technology, including artificial intelligence, to enhance risk management and reinvent processes. 
 Hartford Funds 
 Driving organic growth by focusing on key distribution channels and optimizing our product and distribution efforts; and 
 Working with subadvisors to launch products to meet the needs of financial advisors and their clients. 
 
 REPORTING SEGMENTS 
 The Hartford conducts business principally in five reporting segments including Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Property Casualty Other Operations, Group Benefits and Hartford Funds, as well as a Corporate category. The Company includes in the Corporate category reserves for run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreement liabilities, restructuring costs, capital raising activities (including equity financing, debt financing and related interest expense), transaction expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions, certain M A costs, purchase accounting adjustments related to goodwill and other expenses not allocated to the reporting segments. Corporate also includes investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of a portion of the invested assets of Talcott Resolution Life, Inc. and its subsidiaries as well as certain of Talcott's affiliates. Talcott Resolution Life, Inc. is the holding company of the life and annuity business that we sold in May 2018. In addition, up until June 30, 2021, Corporate included a 9.7 ownership interest in Hopmeadow Holdings LP, the legal entity that acquired Talcott Resolution in May 2018 (Hopmeadow Holdings, LP, Talcott Resolution Life Inc., and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as Talcott Resolution ). 

7 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 2022 Revenues of 22,362 by Segment 
 
 [1]Includes Revenue of 47 for Property Casualty Other Operations and 31 for Corporate. 

The following discussion describes the principal products and services, marketing and distribution, and competition of The Hartford's reporting segments. For further discussion of the reporting segments, including financial disclosures of revenues by product line, net income (loss), and assets for each reporting segment, see Note 3 - Segment Information of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

| COMMERCIAL LINES 
 
 2022 Earned Premiums of 10,571 by Line of Business 

2022 Earned Premiums of 10,571 by Product 

8 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 Principal Products and Services 
 Automobile Covers damage to a business's fleet of vehicles due to collision or other perils (automobile physical damage). In addition to first party automobile physical damage, commercial automobile covers liability for bodily injuries and property damage suffered by third parties and losses caused by uninsured or under-insured motorists. Property Covers the building a business owns or leases as well as its personal property, including tools and equipment, inventory, and furniture. A commercial property insurance policy covers losses resulting from fire, wind, hail, earthquake, theft and other covered perils, including coverage for assets such as accounts receivable and valuable papers and records. Commercial property may include specialized equipment insurance, which provides coverage for loss or damage resulting from the mechanical breakdown of boilers and machinery. General Liability Covers a business in the event it is sued for causing harm to a person and/or damage to property. General liability insurance covers third-party claims arising from accidents occurring on the insured s premises or arising out of their operations. General liability insurance may also cover losses arising from product liability and provides replacement of lost income due to an event that interrupts business operations. Marine Encompasses various ocean and inland marine coverages including cargo, craft, hull, specie, transport and liability, among others. Package Business Covers both property and general liability damages. Workers' Compensation Covers employers for losses incurred due to employees sustaining an injury, illness or disability in connection with their work. Benefits paid under workers compensation policies may include reimbursement of medical care costs, replacement income, compensation for permanent injuries and benefits to survivors. Workers compensation is provided under both guaranteed cost policies (coverage for a fixed premium) and loss sensitive policies where premiums are adjustable based on the loss experience of the employer. Professional Liability Covers liability arising from directors and officers acting in their official capacity and liability for errors and omissions committed by professionals and others. Coverage may also provide employment practices insurance relating to allegations of wrongful termination and discrimination. Bond Encompasses fidelity and surety insurance, including commercial surety, contract surety and fidelity bonds. Commercial surety includes bonds that insure non-performance by contractors, license and permit bonds to help meet government-mandated requirements and probate and judicial bonds for fiduciaries and civil court proceedings. Contract surety bonds may include payment and performance bonds for contractors. Fidelity bonds may include ERISA bonds related to the handling of retirement plan assets and bonds protecting against employee theft or fraud. The Company also provides credit and political risk insurance offered to clients with global operations. Assumed Reinsurance Includes assumed reinsurance of property, liability, surety, credit and political, marine and agriculture risks throughout the world but principally in Europe and the Americas. Business principally provides cover on broad books of business (i.e. treaty), as opposed to individual risks (i.e. facultative). 
 Through its three lines of business, small commercial, middle large commercial, and global specialty, Commercial Lines offers its products and services to businesses in the United States ("U.S.") and internationally. Commercial Lines generally consists of products written for small businesses and middle market companies as well as national and multi-national accounts, largely distributed through retail agents and brokers, wholesale agents and global and specialty reinsurance brokers. The majority of Commercial Lines written premium is generated by small commercial and middle market lines, which provide coverage options and customized pricing based on the policyholder s individual risk characteristics. Small commercial and middle market lines within middle large commercial are generally referred to as standard commercial lines. 
 Small commercial provides coverages for small businesses, which the Company generally considers to be businesses with an annual payroll under 20, revenues under 50 and property values less than 20 per location. Primary coverages provided include workers' compensation, property, general liability and commercial automobile. Within small commercial, both property and general liability coverages are offered under a single package policy, marketed under the Spectrum name. Small commercial also provides excess and surplus lines coverage to small businesses including umbrella, general liability, property and other coverages. 

Middle large commercial business provides insurance coverages to medium-sized and national accounts businesses, which are companies whose payroll, revenue and property values exceed the small business definition. In addition to offering standard commercial lines products, including workers' compensation, property, general liability and commercial automobile products, middle large commercial includes program business which provides tailored programs, primarily to customers with common risk characteristics. On national accounts, a significant portion of the business is written through large deductible programs. Other programs written within middle large commercial are retrospectively-rated where the ultimate premium collected from the insured is adjusted based on how incurred losses for the policy year develop over time, subject to a minimum and maximum premium. Also within middle large commercial, the Company writes captive programs business, which provides tailored programs to those seeking a loss sensitive solution where premiums are adjustable based on loss experience. 
 Lines of business written by small commercial and middle large commercial are subject to rate regulation and written pricing increases or decreases that are partly in response to loss cost trends. Workers compensation rates are based on loss experience and are informed by data submitted through the National Council on Compensation Insurance ("NCCI"). Workers compensation rates have been under downward pressure for the industry due to favorable loss cost trends in 

9 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 recent years, including due to lower claim frequency that occurred during the pandemic. 
 Global specialty provides a variety of customized insurance products, including property, liability, marine, professional liability, and bond. The vast majority of the business written by our Navigators Group insurance subsidiaries is reported in the global specialty business unit. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 Commercial Lines provides insurance products and services through the Company s regional offices, branches and sales and policyholder service centers throughout the United States and, to a lesser extent, overseas, principally in the United Kingdom. The products are marketed and distributed using independent retail agents and brokers, wholesale agents and global and specialty reinsurance brokers, with business also sold direct-to-consumer. In addition, the Company offers insurance products to customers of payroll service providers through its relationships with major national payroll companies in the United States and to members of affinity organizations. As the sole corporate member of Lloyd's Syndicate 1221 ("Lloyd's Syndicate"), the Company has the exclusive right to underwrite business up to an approved level of premium in the Lloyd s of London ("Lloyds") market. 
 In the United States, independent agents, brokers and wholesalers are consolidating and this trend is expected to continue. This will likely result in a larger proportion of written premium being concentrated among fewer agents, brokers and wholesalers. These distribution partners are leveraging data and analytics for bargaining power. 
 Competition 
 Small Commercial 
 In small commercial, The Hartford competes against large national carriers, regional carriers and direct writers. Competitors include stock companies, mutual companies and other underwriting organizations. The small commercial market remains highly competitive and fragmented as carriers seek to differentiate themselves through product expansion, price, enhanced service and leading technology. Larger carriers such as The Hartford are continually advancing their pricing sophistication and ease of doing business with agents and customers through the use of technology, analytics and other capabilities that improve the process of evaluating a risk, quoting new business and servicing customers. The Company also continuously enhances digital capabilities as customers and distributors demand more access and convenience, and expands product and underwriting capabilities to accommodate both larger accounts and a broader risk appetite. 
 Existing competitors and new entrants, including start-up and non-traditional carriers, are actively looking to expand sales of business insurance products to small businesses through increasing their underwriting appetite, deepening their relationships with distribution partners, and through on-line and direct-to-consumer marketing. Carriers that can quote business in an automated way have a competitive advantage by shortening the time from quoting to issuance. Through its ICON quoting tool, The Hartford quotes over 75 of its Spectrum package business and workers compensation new business policies without human intervention. 

Middle Large Commercial 
 Middle large commercial business is considered higher touch and involves individual underwriting and pricing decisions. Competition in this market includes stock companies, mutual companies, alternative risk sharing groups and other underwriting organizations. In addition, some larger brokers are now becoming competitors through acquisition of managing general agents or managing general underwriters. 
 The pricing of middle market and national accounts is prone to significant volatility over time due to changes in individual account characteristics and exposure, as well as legislative and macro-economic forces. National and regional carriers participate in the middle large commercial insurance sector, resulting in a competitive environment where pricing and policy terms are critical to securing new business and retaining existing accounts. As a means to mitigate the cost of insurance, middle market and large commercial buyers may opt for loss-sensitive products in-lieu of guaranteed cost policies. Within this competitive environment, The Hartford is working to deepen its product and underwriting capabilities, including investing in speed to market solutions for the lower end of middle market, leverage its sales and underwriting talent and expand its use of data analytics and third party data to make risk selection and pricing decisions. In product development and related areas such as claims and risk engineering, the Company has expanded its capabilities in industry verticals, such as energy, construction, media arts entertainment, technology and life sciences. 
 Through business partners, the Company offers business insurance coverages to exporters and other U.S. companies with a physical presence overseas. The Hartford s middle large commercial business leverages investments in product, underwriting, and technology to better match price to individual risk as the firm pursues responsible growth strategies to deliver target returns. 
 Global Specialty 
 Global specialty competes against multi-national insurance and reinsurance companies, including marine, property, excess casualty, professional liability, bond and assumed reinsurance in the U.S and London markets. Global specialty writes many surplus lines of business which are lines of business not written through standard products licensed or admitted in a state. Since 2010, surplus lines has accounted for an increasing share of total commercial lines industry direct written premiums. 
 Customers served by the global specialty marketplace expect tailored policy language for their unique risks and, increasingly, are looking for a single insurance carrier to meet all their coverage needs. The Company has been successful in cross-selling global specialty product lines to customers of small commercial and of middle large commercial and seeks to expand cross-sell opportunities in the future. The Hartford competes on the basis of its underwriting capabilities where it uses data and actuarial insights to enhance risk selection. The Company seeks to drive greater efficiency, shorten the quoting process and improve the customer s experience through expanded use of digital capabilities. 
 Global specialty also writes business in the London market via its Lloyd s syndicate platform. Lloyd s is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") and Prudential Regulatory Authority ("PRA") in the U.K. For further discussion, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Capital Resources and Liquidity. 

10 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

| PERSONAL LINES 
 
 2022 Earned Premiums of 2,949 by Line of Business 

2022 Earned Premiums of 2,949 by Product 

Principal Products and Services 
 Automobile Covers damage to an individual insured s own vehicle due to collision or other perils and is referred to as automobile physical damage. In addition to first party automobile physical damage, automobile insurance covers liability for bodily injuries and property damage suffered by third parties and losses caused by uninsured or underinsured motorists. Also, under no-fault laws, policies written in some states provide first party personal injury protection. Some of the Company s personal automobile insurance policies also offer personal umbrella liability coverage for an additional premium. Homeowners Insures against losses to residences and contents from fire, wind and other perils. Homeowners insurance includes owned dwellings, rental properties and coverage for tenants. The policies may provide other coverages, including loss related to recreational vehicles or watercraft, identity theft and personal items such as jewelry. 
 Personal Lines provides automobile, homeowners and personal umbrella coverages to individuals across the United States, mostly through a program designed exclusively for members of AARP AARP Program ). The Hartford's automobile and homeowners products provide coverage options and pricing tailored to a customer's individual risk. The Hartford has individual customer relationships with AARP Program policyholders and, as a group, they represent a significant portion of the total Personal Lines' business. Business sold to AARP members, either direct or through independent agents, amounted to earned premiums of 2.7 billion, 2.7 billion and 2.8 billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The AARP relationship provides The Company with a competitive advantage to capitalize on the continued growth of the over age 50 population. 
 The Company is in the process of introducing its new product, Prevail, which is being rolled out for new business on a state-by-state basis and was in sixteen states as of December 2022. Prevail is tailored to the mature market and includes digital service capabilities that provide real time transaction support. Among other things, overall rate levels, price segmentation, 

rating factors and underwriting procedures are being updated through the introduction of Prevail. Personal Lines works with carrier partners to provide risk protection options for AARP members with needs beyond the company s current product offering. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 Personal Lines reaches diverse customers through multiple distribution channels, including direct-to-consumer and independent agents. The direct-to-consumer channel continues to represent a larger share of the automobile insurance market, accounting for more than one-third of industry premiums. In direct-to-consumer, Personal Lines markets its products through a mix of media, including direct mail, digital marketing, and television as well as digital and print advertising. Through the agency channel, Personal Lines provides products and services to customers through a network of independent agents in the standard personal lines market, primarily serving mature, preferred consumers. These independent agents are not employees of the Company. 
 Personal Lines has made significant investments in offering direct and agency-based customers the opportunity to interact 

11 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 with the company on-line, including via mobile devices. In addition, its technology platform for telephone sales centers enables sales representatives to provide an enhanced experience for direct-to-consumer customers, positioning the Company to offer unique capabilities to AARP s member base. 
 Most of Personal Lines' sales are associated with its exclusive licensing arrangement with AARP, with the current agreement in place through December 31, 2032, to market automobile, homeowners and personal umbrella coverages to AARP's approximately 38 million members, primarily direct but also through independent agents. This relationship with AARP, which has been in place since 1984, provides Personal Lines with an important competitive advantage given the increase in the population of those over age 50 and the strength of the AARP brand. 
 Prior to May 2021, in most states, new business automobile and home policies were issued to AARP members with a lifetime continuation agreement endorsement, providing that the policies will be renewed as long as certain terms are met, such as timely payment of premium and maintaining a driver s license in good standing. However, beginning in May 2021, Personal Lines no longer offers the lifetime continuation agreement to new home and automobile policies. The endorsement will remain on renewal policies with original effective dates prior to May 2021. 
 In addition to selling to AARP members, Personal Lines offers its automobile and homeowners products to non-AARP customers, primarily through the independent agent channel. Personal Lines leverages its agency channel to target AARP members and other customer segments, primarily targeting the over age 50 preferred mature market, that value the advice of an independent agent and recognize the differentiated experience the Company provides. In particular, the Company has taken action to distinguish its brand within the over age 50 preferred mature market and improve profitability in the independent agent channel, placing more emphasis on our highly partnered agents. 
 Competition 
 The personal lines automobile and homeowners insurance markets are highly competitive. Personal lines insurance is written by insurance companies of varying sizes that compete principally on the basis of price, product, service, including claims handling, the insurer's ratings and brand recognition. Companies with strong ratings, recognized brands, direct sales capability and economies of scale will have a competitive 

advantage. Larger carriers have the advantage of economies of scale with the top ten personal lines insurers accounting for approximately 70 of market share. 
 The growth of direct-to-consumer sales, including by new entrants to the marketplace, continues to outpace sales in the agency distribution channel. Insurers that distribute products principally through agency channels compete by offering commissions and additional incentives to attract new business. To distinguish themselves in the marketplace, top tier insurers are offering on-line and self-service capabilities that make it easier for agents and consumers to do business with the insurer. A large majority of agents have been using comparative rater tools that allow the agent to compare premium quotes among several insurance companies. The use of comparative rater tools increases price competition. Insurers that are able to capitalize on their brand and reputation, differentiate their products and deliver strong customer service are more likely to be successful in this market. 
 The use of data mining and predictive modeling is used by more and more carriers to target the most profitable business, and carriers have further segmented their pricing plans to expand market share in what they believe to be the most profitable segments. The Company continues to invest in capabilities to better utilize data and analytics, and thereby, refine and manage underwriting and pricing. Carriers, including The Hartford, have invested in telematics capabilities to enable better risk selection and pricing segmentation in response to changes in driving patterns. In 43 states, the Hartford offers its telematics program, TrueLane, which offers discounts for good driving behavior based on such attributes as braking, speed, distracted driving, and acceleration. 
 Also, new automobile technology advancements, including lane departure warnings, backup cameras, automatic braking and active collision alerts, are being deployed rapidly and are expected to improve driver safety and reduce the likelihood of vehicle collisions. However, these features include expensive parts, contributing to increasing average claim severity. 
 In 2022, inflation had an increasing impact on the industry. Supply chain pressures, advanced vehicle technology, body shop capacity, and a tight labor market have increased the cost of automobile repairs. A tight labor market and inflation on material prices increased the cost to repair homes. 

| P C OTHER OPERATIONS 
 
 Property Casualty Other Operations includes certain property and casualty operations, managed by the Company, that have discontinued writing new business and includes substantially all of the Company's pre-1986 asbestos and environmental ("A E") exposures. For a discussion of coverages provided under 

policies written with exposure to A E prior to 1986 reported within the P C Other Operations segment Run-off A E ), run-off assumed reinsurance and all other non-A E exposures, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Critical Accounting Estimates, Property Casualty Insurance Product Reserves, Net of Reinsurance. 

12 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 | GROUP BENEFITS 
 
 2022 Premiums and Other Considerations of 6,057 
 
 Principal Products and Services 
 Group Life Typically is term life insurance provided in the form of yearly renewable term life insurance. Other life coverages in this category include accidental death and dismemberment and travel accident insurance. Group Disability Typically comprised of short-term disability and long-term disability plans that pay a percentage of an employee s salary for a period of time if they are ill or injured and cannot perform the duties of their job. Short-term and long-term disability policies have elimination periods that must be satisfied prior to benefit payments. The Company also earns fee income from leave management services for federal, state and employer family and medical leave programs, as well as the administration of employer self-funded disability plans. 
 Other Products Includes other group coverages such as retiree health insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity coverages. 
 Group insurance typically covers an entire group of people under a single contract, most typically the employees of a single employer or members of an association. 
 Group Benefits provides group life, disability and other group coverages to members of employer groups, associations and affinity groups through direct insurance policies and provides reinsurance to other insurance companies. In addition to employer paid coverages, the segment offers voluntary product coverages which are offered through employee payroll deductions. Group Benefits also offers disability underwriting, administration, and claims processing to self-funded employer plans. In addition, the segment offers a single-company leave management solution, which integrates work absence data from the insurer s short-term and long-term group disability and workers compensation insurance business with its leave management administration services. 
 Statutory paid family leave ("PFL") and paid family and medical leave ("PFML") programs are a source of growth as the Company offers fully insured coverage or administers self-insured coverage for some of these programs. As of 2022, eleven states and the District of Columbia have enacted mandated PFL or PFML programs. Vermont, New Hampshire and Virginia have also created opt-in paid leave programs, and 

additional states are considering adopting PFL or PFML programs. 
 Group Benefits generally offers term insurance policies, allowing for the adjustment of rates or policy terms at renewal in order to minimize the adverse effect of market trends, loss costs, changes in interest rates and other factors. Policies are typically sold with one, two or three-year rate guarantees depending upon the product and market segment. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 The Group Benefits distribution network is managed through a regional sales office system to distribute its group insurance products and services through a variety of distribution outlets including brokers, consultants, third-party administrators and trade associations. Additionally, the segment has relationships with several private exchanges which offer its products to employer groups. Technology providers, including Human Resources platform vendors, are taking an increasingly prominent role in influencing customer decisions that also influence selection of the group benefits insurance provider. 
 Competition 
 Group Benefits competes with numerous insurance companies and financial intermediaries marketing insurance products. The 

13 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 market for group benefits is expected to grow as the COVID-19 pandemic has driven new demand for employee benefits among both employees and employers. For example, there is increased interest in benefits addressing mental health and wellness, caregiving costs and remote work considerations. 
 In order to differentiate itself, Group Benefits uses its risk management expertise and economies of scale to derive a competitive advantage. Competitive factors include the extent of products offered, price, the quality of customer and claims handling services, and the Company's relationship with third-party distributors and private exchanges. Active price competition continues in the marketplace, resulting in multi-year rate guarantees being offered to customers. Top tier insurers in the marketplace also offer on-line and self-service capabilities to third party distributors and consumers. The relatively large size and underwriting capacity of the Group Benefits business provides a competitive advantage over smaller competitors. 
 The Company's market presence has increased in recent years, benefiting from our industry leading digital technology and integrated absence management and claims platform. 

Additionally, as employers continue to focus on reducing the cost of employee benefits, we expect more companies to offer voluntary products paid for by employees. Across the industry, the sale of voluntary product offerings, including supplemental health coverage, is growing at a faster rate than employer-provided benefits. Competitive factors affecting the sale of voluntary products include the breadth of products, product education, enrollment capabilities and overall customer service. The Company, as well its competitors, are investing in technology to offer digital capabilities, and to improve product offerings and service levels, particularly with voluntary products. 
 Our voluntary products include critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity coverage to employees through our Employee Choice Benefits programs. The Company's enhanced enrollment and marketing tools, such as My Tomorrow , are providing additional opportunities to educate individual participants about supplementary benefits and deepen their knowledge about product selection. 
 In addition to providing group disability, leave management and life insurance, we offer integrated claim, leave and benefits administration with The Hartford's Ability Advantage platform. 

| HARTFORD FUNDS 
 
 Hartford Funds Segment Assets Under Management ("AUM") of 124,107 as of December 31, 2022 

Mutual Fund AUM as of December 31, 2022 

Principal Products and Services 
 Mutual Funds 
 Includes approximately 60 actively managed mutual funds across a variety of asset classes including domestic and international equity, fixed income, and multi-strategy investments, principally subadvised by two unaffiliated institutional asset management firms. 
 Exchange-traded funds 
 Exchange-traded funds ("ETF") include actively managed ETFs and multifactor ETFs. Actively-managed ETFs include fixed income, domestic equity and commodity products utilizing the same investment platform as our mutual funds. Multifactor ETFs are designed to track indices using passive investment techniques that strive to improve performance relative to traditional capitalization-weighted indices. 
 Talcott Resolution life and annuity separate accounts 
 Relates to assets of the life and annuity business sold in May 2018 that are still managed by the Company's Hartford Funds segment. 

14 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 The Hartford Funds segment provides investment management, administration, product distribution and related services to investors through a diverse set of investment products in domestic markets. Hartford Funds' comprehensive range of products and services assist clients in achieving their desired investment objectives. AUM are separated into three distinct categories referred to as mutual funds, ETFs and Talcott Resolution life and annuity separate accounts, which relate to the life and annuity business sold in May 2018. The Hartford Funds segment continues to manage the mutual fund assets of Talcott Resolution, though these assets are expected to continue to decline over time. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 Our funds and ETFs are sold through national and regional broker-dealer organizations, independent financial advisers, defined contribution plans, financial consultants, bank trust 

groups and registered investment advisers. Our distribution team is organized to sell primarily in the United States. The Talcott Resolution life and annuity separate accounts managed by the Hartford Funds segment are not actively distributed. 
 Competition 
 The investment management industry is mature and highly competitive. Firms are differentiated by investment performance, range of products offered, brand recognition, financial strength, proprietary distribution channels, quality of service and level of fees charged relative to quality of investment products. The Hartford Funds segment competes with a large number of asset management firms and other financial institutions and differentiates itself through its global subadvisors, product breadth, competitive fees and strong distribution. The segment also competes directly with lower cost passive investment strategies, which continue taking share from active managers. 

| CORPORATE 
 
 The Company includes in the Corporate category investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of a portion of the invested assets of Talcott Resolution, reserves for run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreement liabilities, restructuring costs, capital raising activities (including equity financing, debt financing and related interest expense), transaction expenses incurred in connection with an acquisition, certain M A costs, purchase accounting adjustments related to 

goodwill and other expenses not allocated to the reporting segments. 
 Additionally, until June 30, 2021 the Corporate category included a 9.7 ownership interest in the legal entity that acquired Talcott Resolution. For discussion of this sale, see Part II, Item 7, MD A The Hartford's Operations. 

RESERVES 
 Total Reserves as of December 31, 2022 [1] 
 
 [1] Includes reserves for future policy benefits and other policyholder funds and benefits payable of 561 and 658, respectively, of which 380 and 419, respectively, relate to the Group Benefits segment with the remainder related to run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreements within Corporate. 
 The reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses includes a liability for unpaid losses, including those that have been incurred but not yet reported, as well as estimates of all expenses associated with processing and settling these insurance claims, including reserves related to both Property Casualty and Group Benefits. 

Total Property Casualty Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Further discussion of The Hartford s property and casualty insurance product reserves, including run-off asbestos and environmental claims reserves within P C Other Operations, may be found in Part II, Item 7, MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Property and Casualty Insurance Product Reserves, Net of Reinsurance. Additional discussion may be found in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, including in the Company s accounting policies for insurance product reserves within Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies and in Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses 

15 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Total Group Benefits Reserves as of December 31, 2022 [1] 
 
 [1]Includes short duration contract reserves of 134 for short-term disability and 42 of supplemental health as well as reserves for future policy benefits that include 267 of paid up life reserves and policy reserves on life policies, 94 of reserves for conversions to individual life and 19 of other reserves. 
 Group Benefits reserves include unpaid loss and loss adjustments expenses for long-term disability, group life and other lines of business as well as reserves for other policyholder funds and reserves for future policy benefits. Other policyholder funds and benefits payable represent deposits from policyholders, including policyholders of short-duration insurance contracts, where the Company does not have insurance risk but is subject to investment risk. Reserves for future policy benefits represent life-contingent reserves for which the Company is subject to insurance and investment risk. 
 Discussion of The Hartford's Group Benefits long-term disability reserves may be found in Part II, Item 7, MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Group Benefits Long-term Disability ("LTD") Reserves, Net of Reinsurance. Additional discussion may be found in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, including in the Company s accounting policies for insurance product reserves within Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies and in Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 UNDERWRITING FOR P C AND GROUP BENEFITS 
 The Company underwrites the risks it insures in order to manage exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification. Risk modeling is used to manage, within specified limits, the aggregate exposure taken in each line of business and across the Company. For property and casualty business, aggregate exposure limits are set by geographic zone 

and peril. Products are priced according to the risk characteristics of the insured s exposures. Rates charged for Personal Lines products are filed with the states in which we write business. Rates for most Commercial Lines products are also filed with the states but the premium charged may be modified based on the insured s relative risk profile and workers compensation policies may be subject to modification based on prior loss experience. The Company also writes coverage in the excess and surplus lines market, primarily within global specialty, which is characterized by the absence of regulation related to rate and form and allows for more pricing and coverage flexibility to write certain classes of business. Pricing for Group Benefits products, including long-term disability and life insurance, is also based on an underwriting of the risks and a projection of estimated losses, including consideration of investment income. 
 Pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes, proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability to project future loss cost frequency and severity based on historical loss experience adjusted for known trends, the Company s response to rate actions taken by competitors, its expense levels and expectations about regulatory and legal developments. The Company seeks to price its insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will cover underwriting expenses and the ultimate cost of paying claims reported on the policies and provide for a profit margin. For many of its insurance products, the Company is required to obtain approval for its premium rates from state insurance departments and the Lloyd's Syndicate's ability to write business is subject to Lloyd's approval for its premium capacity each year. 
 Geographic Distribution of Earned Premium 
 of total) 
 Location Commercial Lines Personal Lines Group Benefits Total California 8 2 2 12 New York 6 1 3 10 Texas 5 1 2 8 Florida 3 1 1 5 All other [1] 33 10 22 65 Total 55 15 30 100 
 [1] No other single state or country accounted for 5 or more of the Company's consolidated earned premium in 2022. 
 
 CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION FOR P C AND GROUP BENEFITS 
 Claims administration includes functions associated with the receipt of initial loss notices, claims adjudication and estimates, legal representation for insureds where appropriate, establishment of case reserves, payment of losses and notification to reinsurers. These activities are performed by 

16 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 approximately 7,000 claim employees including, among others, claim adjusters, appraisers, attorneys, doctors, nurses, behavioral health specialists, investigators and data analytics professionals as well as training, management, and support staff. The Company contracts with a select number of approved regional, national and international suppliers to enhance claim capabilities and business resiliency. 
 The Company's claims teams manage losses across all 50 states, Washington D.C. and 2 international locations. The teams are organized to meet the specific claim service needs for our various product offerings. Our corporate home office supports shared service claim functions including data and analytics, technology, and strategy. 
 As a leading provider of workers compensation and group benefits coverages, the Company leverages data analytics to return employees to active, productive lives as soon and safely as possible. Clinical experts focus on opioid usage, vocational rehabilitation, behavioral health and medical case management which we believe provides the Company with a competitive advantage for managing medical costs. 
 The Company maintains a dedicated catastrophe claims organization that is positioned to respond to large-scale catastrophic events across the country. For the most severe events, the team is supplemented with additional Company staff to respond to claimants promptly after an event. 
 The Company's claims organization has a nationwide staff of attorneys who represent insureds in key jurisdictions, including dedicated lawyers specializing in complex litigation. 
 Claim payments for benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses are the largest expenditure for the Company. 
 
 REINSURANCE 
 For discussion of reinsurance, see Part II, Item 7, MD A Enterprise Risk Management and Note 8 - Reinsurance of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 INVESTMENT OPERATIONS 
 Hartford Investment Management Company HIMCO is an SEC registered investment advisor and manages the Company's investment operations. HIMCO provides customized investment strategies for The Hartford's investment portfolio, as well as for The Hartford's pension plan and institutional clients, including certain assets of Talcott Resolution. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of HIMCO s total assets under management was approximately 108.9 billion and 105.4 billion, respectively, including 53.7 billion and 43.6 billion, respectively, that were held in HIMCO managed third party accounts and 3.7 billion and 4.7 billion, respectively, that support the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 Management of The Hartford's Investment Portfolio 
 HIMCO manages the Company's investment portfolios to maximize economic value and generate the returns necessary 

to support The Hartford s various product obligations, within internally established objectives, guidelines and risk tolerances. The portfolio objectives and guidelines are developed based upon the asset/liability profile, including duration, convexity and other characteristics within specified risk tolerances. The risk tolerances considered include, but are not limited to, asset sector, credit issuer allocation limits, and maximum portfolio limits for below investment grade holdings. The Company attempts to minimize adverse impacts to the portfolio and the Company s results of operations from changes in economic conditions through asset diversification, asset allocation limits, asset/liability duration matching and the use of derivatives. For further discussion of HIMCO s portfolio management approach, see Part II, Item 7, MD A Enterprise Risk Management. 
 The Hartford's Investment Portfolio of 52.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 The Company has insurance, operational and financial risks. For discussion on how The Hartford manages these risks, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Enterprise Risk Management. 
 
 REGULATION 
 State and Foreign Insurance Laws 
 State insurance laws are intended to supervise and regulate insurers with the goal of protecting policyholders and ensuring the solvency of the insurers. As such, the insurance laws and regulations grant broad authority to state insurance departments Departments to oversee and regulate the business of insurance. The Departments monitor the financial stability of an insurer by requiring insurers to maintain certain solvency standards and minimum capital and surplus requirements; invested asset requirements; state deposits of securities; guaranty fund premiums; restrictions on the size of risks which may be insured under a single policy; and adequate reserves 

17 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 and other necessary provisions for unearned premiums, unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and other liabilities, both reported and unreported. In addition, the Departments perform periodic market and financial examinations of insurers and require insurers to file annual and other reports on the financial condition of the companies. Policyholder protection is also regulated by the Departments through licensing of insurers, sales employees, agents and brokers and others; approval of premium rates and policy forms; and claims administration requirements. 
 Many states also have laws regulating insurance holding company systems. These laws require insurance companies, which are formed and chartered in the state Domestic Insurers ), to register with the state department of insurance (referred to as their domestic state or regulator and file information concerning the operations of companies within the holding company system that may materially affect the operations, management or financial condition of the insurers within the system. Insurance holding company regulations principally relate to (i) state insurance approval of the acquisition of Domestic Insurers, (ii) prior review or approval of certain transactions between the domestic insurer and its affiliates, and (iii) regulation of dividends made by the domestic insurer. All transactions within a holding company system affecting Domestic Insurers must be determined to be fair and equitable. 
 The extent of financial services regulation on business outside the United States varies significantly among the countries in which The Hartford operates. Foreign financial services providers in certain countries are faced with greater restrictions than domestic competitors domiciled in that particular jurisdiction. Our International operations include a Lloyd s Syndicate which is required to meet the minimum market standards set by Lloyd s, as well as UK PRA and UK FCA regulatory requirements. Consistent with the U.K.'s current interpretation of Solvency II, both Lloyd s and the PRA focus on the adequacy of capital held and solvency of an insurer against the risk profile and management of the authorized insurer in setting capital requirements 
 
 Federal and State Securities and Financial Regulation Laws 
 The Company sells and distributes its mutual funds and ETFs through a broker dealer subsidiary, and is subject to regulation promulgated and enforced by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the SEC and/or, in some instances, state securities administrators. Other subsidiaries operate as investment advisers registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and are registered as investment advisers under certain state laws, as applicable. Because federal and state laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect investors in securities markets, they generally grant regulators broad rulemaking and enforcement authority. Some of these regulations include, among other things, regulations impacting sales methods, trading practices, suitability of investments, use and safekeeping of customers funds, corporate governance, capital, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements. 
 Failure to comply with federal and state laws and regulations may result in fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or suspension, termination or limitation of the activities of our operations and/or our employees. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. 
 We have a trademark portfolio that we consider important in the marketing of our products and services, including, among others, the trademarks of The Hartford name, the Stag Logo and the combination of these two trademarks. The duration of trademark registrations may be renewed indefinitely subject to country-specific use and registration requirements. We regard our trademarks as highly valuable assets in marketing our products and services and vigorously seek to protect them against infringement. In addition, we own a number of patents and patent applications relating to on-line quoting, insurance related processing, insurance telematics, proprietary interface platforms, and other matters. Patents are of varying duration depending on filing date, and will typically expire at the end of their natural term. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The Hartford has approximately 18,800 employees as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management, including the CEO and Chief Human Resources Officer ("CHRO"), establishes the hiring and compensation practices for our Company. The Board is periodically updated on key employee engagement and employee relations measures, including our annual employee survey results. In addition, the Board s Compensation and Management Development Committee Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing performance and approving compensation paid to senior leaders, and, among other things, the oversight of succession planning, pay equity practices, and diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") initiatives. Our Human Resources team, led by our CHRO, supports the Compensation Committee in the execution of its responsibilities. In addition to the day-to-day support and counseling they provide to our leaders, managers and employees, the Human Resources team also monitors key indicators to keep a pulse on trends across our employee population including employee engagement, employee relations matters, career mobility, talent acquisition, and retention. 
 Talent Attraction, Retention and Development 
 The Hartford prioritizes building a diverse workforce and an inclusive and equitable work environment where employees are respected, inspired to perform at their best, and are recognized for their contributions. We believe that the combination of a diverse workforce and an operating culture that actively embraces different experiences, perspectives and insights results in better decisions, outcomes and experiences for both our customers and employees. We persistently work to improve the employee experience in support of our continuing strategic objective to attract, retain and develop the best talent in the industry. 

18 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 Our commitment to a robust talent pool starts at the top. The Board of Directors engages with the Compensation Committee annually to review executive level talent, consider key pipeline talent and conduct succession planning. In addition, our leadership team conducts a comprehensive annual Talent Review process across our organization each year. 
 In 2022, we achieved top quartile employee engagement and performance enablement scores as measured by an independent third party survey through continued focus on leader effectiveness, collaboration, innovation and risk-taking, career growth and well-being. 
 To keep pace with the evolving expectations of employees and external candidates, we focus on a broad array of actions, including: 
 Providing career growth and development opportunities by enhancing our talent management systems, including succession planning, executive recruitment, training, development and retention strategies; and 
 Holding leaders accountable for their talent decisions and measuring progress against business line-specific DEI goals which are reviewed periodically by the CEO and executive leadership team. 
 For entry-level roles in the organization, we recruit at colleges and universities, and offer a range of training and development programs, including: 
 The Hartford s Leadership Development Program, which provides curriculum to enhance leadership skill sets for all participants from first-time leaders through our executive ranks; 
 The Hartford Early Career Leadership Program, which offers programs in Actuarial, Finance, Underwriting, Claims Operations and Technology through rotational development to gain a breadth of experiences; 
 The Hartford s Apprenticeship Program, which prepares students for careers in insurance; and 
 Our HartCode Academy Developer Training Program, which provides employees with Information Technology ("IT") application development skills, providing a pipeline of diverse IT talent from across the Company. 
 Pay and Benefits 
 Compensation and Pay Equity 
 We offer competitive pay and benefits to our employees, with performance-based variable compensation making up a larger share of the total compensation paid to executives and senior leaders in the organization. Variable compensation for the majority of employees includes an annual bonus plan and long-term incentive awards. Annual bonus payouts are informed by whether the Company achieves core earnings (as adjusted for compensation purposes) above or below a target level that is determined from the annual operating plan set at the beginning of each year and reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee. Long-term incentive awards include restricted stock units, performance shares and, for the most senior executives, stock options. Additional information about The Hartford s variable compensation programs is provided in the Company s Proxy Statement. 

To help ensure pay equity, we use an independent third party compensation specialist firm to conduct statistical pay equity analyses for the vast majority of our U.S. employees each year a three-step process that includes analysis before, during and after the annual compensation planning cycle. This analysis enables us to identify unexplained pay disparities, conduct additional research to determine reasons for these differences and take appropriate actions to address the disparities if necessary. 
 The Compensation Committee is updated annually on our pay equity processes and status. 
 The Hartford also engages in a number of additional practices to ensure pay fairness, including: 
 Centralized compensation function that helps maintain consistent programs and practices across the enterprise; 
 Enterprise-wide framework for evaluating and aligning roles and compensation levels based on job responsibilities, market competitiveness, strategic importance of the role, and other relevant factors; 
 Prohibition against asking external job applicants for current or historical compensation information; 
 A practice to disclose to applicants and employees the salary ranges for posted positions; 
 Individual compensation decisions that consider each employee s experience, proficiency, and performance; 
 Training available for managers and Human Resources business partners on performance assessment and compensation planning; and 
 Multiple levels of review and approval required for all compensation decisions. 
 We are committed to our extensive, long-standing policies and practices to help ensure fair pay across the organization, while also staying attuned to external best practices and insights, and leveraging input from subject matter experts. We evaluate our performance every year, and as markets and talent pools shift over time we work to evolve our practices accordingly. 
 Employee Health and Wellness 
 The Hartford offers a comprehensive benefits package and wellness programs to help our employees live healthy lives and achieve their full potential. Our extensive benefits include: 
 Medical plan options; 
 Dental and vision coverage options; 
 401(k) plan with company non-elective and matching contributions; 
 Paid time off ("PTO") with at least 19 days of annual eligibility to start; 
 Paid holidays; 
 Flexible work schedules, including remote work arrangements; 
 Tuition reimbursement; 
 Family medical leave; 

19 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1. Business 

 Parental leave; 
 Travel reimbursement to access medical services in other locations as needed; 
 Adoption support program; 
 Organ and bone marrow donation leave policy; and 
 Employee assistance program. 
 The Company also offers a medical advocacy program and well-being programs including nutrition counseling, weight management, sleep improvement, fitness reimbursement and more. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 The Hartford seeks to be an insurance industry leader in ensuring a diverse workforce and creating an equitable and inclusive workplace, enabling us to attract and leverage top talent to meet our business goals. We are committed to ethical conduct and a bias-free workplace for all employees as we continue building, enhancing and sustaining an inclusive supportive culture that reflects the diversity of our customer base. 
 We take a whole-company approach to ensure we meet our stated DEI goals. 
 We hold our leaders accountable for making progress against our DEI goals. To that end, the Company requires each business and functional area, in partnership with our Human Resources team, to create and adopt individualized DEI plans with specific DEI goals. Leaders meet with the CEO twice a year to review progress against those goals and final results are then considered as part of the annual performance assessment process. 
 We continue to invest in and accelerate a wide range of strategies to improve representation of talent that s demographically underrepresented in the insurance industry, including targeted initiatives to improve the representation of women and people of color. One of the ways we do this is by working to mitigate bias in our Human Resource systems and offering programs to educate employees on minimizing unconscious bias in the workplace. 
 We have nine Employee Resource Groups ERG s that are voluntary participation groups led by employees, dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. These groups focus on the development and success of the Company s employees through education, networking, mentorship and community volunteer opportunities. As of December 31, 2022, over 55 of employees were members of at least one ERG. In 2022, over 3,600 unique participants engaged in Courageous Conversations, a program to allow employees to respectfully exchange perspectives, that ultimately contributes to a more inclusive workplace. Additionally, one of our enterprise leadership programs, the "Empower" program, is designed to accelerate the readiness and encourage sponsorship of high performing, high potential people of color. 
 The Company has demonstrated its commitment to DEI progress through its active involvement in organizations such as the CEO Action for Racial Equity and Catalyst CEO Champions for Change and has been recognized for its commitment to inclusive workplaces by a number of organizations. 

As of December 31, 2022, women and people of color represent 61.7 and 31.6 of our workforce, respectively. The Board of Directors is updated annually on the Company s DEI efforts. 
 Our 2021 performance share awards under the Company s long-term incentive plan included a performance share modifier tied to the Company's workforce representation goals. The modifier will determine whether an increase or decrease of 10 on the pay-out for these awards is warranted based upon performance against predetermined year-end 2023 representation goals for women and people of color in executive level roles. This change was described in greater detail in our 2022 proxy statement. We currently expect that the 2024 and 2027 performance share awards will include a similar modifier to encourage continued progress toward the Company's 2030 representation goals. 
 For more information on the Company s human capital including our commitments, goals, initiatives and progress, as well as our employee demographics, refer to The Hartford s Sustainability Highlight Report available on the investor relations section of the Company s website at: https://ir.thehartford.com . The Hartford s 2022 Sustainability Report is expected to be published following the Company s annual meeting in May 2023. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 The Company s Internet address is www.thehartford.com. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available, without charge, on the investor relations section of our website, https://ir.thehartford.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at www.sec.gov. References in this report to our website address are provided only as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report. 

20 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Item 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 In deciding whether to invest in The Hartford, you should carefully consider the following risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity and could also impact the trading price of our securities. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under Forward-Looking Statements above and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use, however many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. The occurrence of certain of them may, in turn, cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 Risks Relating to Economic, Political and Global Market Conditions 
 Unfavorable economic, political and global market conditions may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 The Company s investment portfolio, Hartford Funds business, and insurance businesses are sensitive to changes in economic, political and global capital market conditions, such as the effect of a weak economy, including labor supply shortages, and changes in credit spreads, equity prices, interest rates, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, and shifts in demand and supply of U.S. dollars. Weak economic conditions, such as high unemployment, low labor force participation, lower family income, a weak real estate market, lower business investment and lower consumer spending may adversely affect the demand for insurance and financial products and lower the Company s profitability in some cases. In addition, political instability, politically motivated violence or civil unrest, may increase the frequency and severity of insured losses. In addition, a deterioration in global economic conditions and/or geopolitical conditions, including due to military action, trade wars, tariffs or other actions with respect to international trade agreements or policies, has the potential to, among other things, reduce demand for our products, reduce exposures we insure, drive higher inflation that could increase the Company s loss costs and result in increased incidence of claims, particularly for workers compensation and disability claims. The Company s investment portfolio includes limited partnerships and other alternative investments and equity securities for which changes in value are reported in earnings. These investments may be adversely impacted by economic volatility, including real estate market deterioration, which could impact our net investment 

returns and result in an adverse impact on operating results. If Russia's war against Ukraine were to expand to other countries, the insurance losses and adverse economic impacts could be much more severe than what is currently foreseeable. 
 In an economic downturn, the Company could experience credit losses on various asset balances, including receivables and the principal amount of various invested assets, including fixed maturities and mortgage loans. In addition to credit losses on invested assets, The Company could experience declines in the value of available for sale debt securities if credit spreads were to widen significantly, which would reduce stockholders equity. In addition, disruption in equity markets could result in net realized or unrealized losses on our equity securities carried at fair value or reduce net investment income in future periods from our non-fixed income investment portfolio, including from private equity, hedge fund and real estate partnership investments. The Company could also experience higher reinsurance costs and/or more limited availability of reinsurance coverage. 
 Below are several key factors impacted by changes in economic, political, and global market conditions and their potential effect on the Company s business and results of operations: 
 Credit Spread Risk - Credit spread exposure is reflected in the market prices of fixed income instruments where lower rated securities generally trade at a higher credit spread. If issuer credit spreads increase or widen, the market value of our investment portfolio may decline. If the credit spread widening is significant and occurs over an extended period of time, the Company may recognize credit losses, resulting in decreased earnings. If credit spreads tighten significantly, the Company s net investment income associated with new purchases of fixed maturities may be reduced. In addition, the value of credit derivatives under which the Company assumes exposure or purchases protection are impacted by changes in credit spreads, with losses occurring when credit spreads widen for assumed exposure or when credit spreads tighten if credit protection has been purchased. 
 Equity Markets Risk - A decline in equity markets may result in net realized losses on sales or unrealized losses on equity securities held at fair value or reduce net investment income in future periods from our non-fixed income investment portfolio, including from private equity, hedge fund and real estate partnership investments, and lower earnings from Hartford Funds where fee income is earned based upon the fair value of the assets under management. Equity markets are unpredictable. In the past few years, equity markets have been volatile, which could be indicative of a greater risk of a decline. For additional information on equity market sensitivity, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Enterprise Risk Management, Financial Risk- Equity Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk - Continued increases in interest rates to combat inflation could lead to an economic downturn or recession, which would lower the demand for many of the 

21 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Company's products and could result in realized or unrealized losses on existing fixed income assets in the investment portfolio. Alternatively, a deterioration in global economic conditions could result in a lower interest rate environment, which would pressure our net investment income and could result in lower margins on certain products. For additional information on interest rate sensitivity, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Enterprise Risk Management, Financial Risk - Interest Rate Risk. 
 New and renewal business for our property and casualty and group benefits products is priced considering prevailing interest rates. As interest rates decline, in order to achieve the same economic return, we would have to increase product prices to offset the lower anticipated investment income earned on invested premiums. Conversely, as interest rates rise, pricing targets will tend to decrease to reflect higher anticipated investment income. Our ability to effectively react to such changes in interest rates may affect our competitiveness in the marketplace, and in turn, could reduce written premium and earnings. For additional information on interest rate sensitivity, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Enterprise Risk Management, Financial Risk - Interest Rate Risk. 
 In addition, due to the long-term nature of the liabilities within our Group Benefits operations, particularly for long-term disability, declines in interest rates over an extended period of time would result in our having to reinvest at lower yields. On the other hand, a rise in interest rates, in the absence of other countervailing changes, would reduce the market value of our investment portfolio. A decline in market value of invested assets due to an increase in interest rates could also limit our ability to realize tax benefits from recognized capital losses. 
 Inflation Risk - Inflation is a risk to our property and casualty business because, in many cases, claims are paid out many years after a policy is written and premium is collected for the risk. Supply chain issues arising from conditions due to the pandemic have contributed to inflation in the cost of labor and repairs for insurance claims paid to insureds and third parties. Russia's February 2022 invasion of Ukraine has further exacerbated supply chain issues contributing to higher inflation for goods and services, including higher energy costs. A greater than expected increase in inflation related to the cost of medical services and repairs over the claim settlement period can result in higher claim costs than what was estimated at the time the policy was written. Inflation can also affect consumer spending and business investment which can reduce the demand for our products and services. In addition, sustained inflation may result in an increase in interest rates, which would result in a reduction in the fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 Changes in the Labor Market - Evolving labor market conditions, including increased competition for talent, could make it difficult to hire and retain employees and could increase compensation and benefit expense. New technologies may lead to changes in skill sets needed from the workforce, resulting in difficulty in attracting, developing and retaining employees. If insured businesses cannot hire enough qualified people to sell products and services to 

customers, economic activity may be depressed and lower insured exposure, hindering the Company's growth. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate - Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may impact our non-U.S. dollar denominated investments and foreign subsidiaries. As the Company has expanded its international operations, exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. We hold cash and fixed maturity securities denominated in foreign currencies, including British Pounds and Canadian dollars, among others, and also have other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as premiums receivable and loss reserves. While the Company predominately uses asset-liability matching, including the use of derivatives, to hedge certain of these exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, these actions do not eliminate the risk that changes in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the U.S. dollar could result in financial loss to the Company, including realized or unrealized losses resulting from currency revaluation and increases to regulatory capital requirements for foreign subsidiaries that have net assets that are not denominated in their local currency. For additional information on foreign exchange risk, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Enterprise Risk Management, Financial Risk. 
 COVID-19 illness could continue to impact our business and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 While the impact of COVID-19 has subsided, a surge of COVID-19 infections could continue to impact our business, particularly with respect to mortality claims in our group benefits business, and will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be easily predicted including: the potential spread of new COVID-19 variants; the continued effectiveness of vaccines; natural immunity and current or emerging therapeutic treatments in preventing infection, serious illness and death; and the percentage of those infected who are of working age. Additional uncertainty exists regarding the potential for further legislative, regulatory, and judicial responses to COVID-19 pertaining specifically to insurance underwriting and claims. 
 Below are several key effects of COVID-19 on the Company s business results, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity: 
 Exposure to COVID-19 business interruption property claims - Nearly all of our property insurance policies require direct physical loss or damage to property and contain standard exclusions that we believe preclude coverage for COVID-19 related claims, and the vast majority of such policies contain exclusions for virus-related losses. Nevertheless, the Company and certain of its writing companies have been served as defendants in lawsuits seeking insurance coverage under commercial insurance policies for alleged losses resulting from the shutdown or suspension of our insureds businesses due to the spread of COVID-19. While the Company and its subsidiaries deny the allegations and are defending vigorously and while almost none of the plaintiffs have 

22 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 submitted proofs of loss or otherwise quantified or factually supported any allegedly covered loss, it is possible that adverse outcomes, if any, in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated operating results. 
 The possibility of a resurgence of excess mortality losses - The Company s Group Benefits business has issued group life policies to employers and associations, which may result in increased death claims as a result of surges in COVID-19 infections causing mortality where COVID-19 is specifically listed as the cause of death and indirect impacts of COVID-19 that includes an increased number of deaths associated with chronic conditions exacerbated by COVID-19 (together, referred to as "excess mortality"). In addition, while the Company is increasing pricing for group life coverage in response to higher levels of mortality, it is possible that, even apart from surges in COVID-19 infections, the Company will experience a higher level of mortality going forward associated with chronic conditions. We may also continue to experience higher short-term disability and paid family leave claims from employees and covered individuals who have been affected by COVID-19. 
 For the reasons discussed above, the global public health and economic impacts caused by COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Concentration of our investment portfolio increases the potential for significant losses. 
 The concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular industry, collateral type, group of related industries or geographic sector could have an adverse effect on our investment portfolios and consequently on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Events or developments that have a negative impact on any particular industry, collateral type, group of related industries or geographic region may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated rather than diversified. 
 Further, if issuers of securities or loans we hold are acquired, merge or otherwise consolidate with other issuers of securities or loans held by the Company, our investment portfolio s credit concentration risk to issuers could increase for a period of time, until the Company is able to sell securities to get back in compliance with the established investment credit policies. 
 Changing climate and weather patterns may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Climate change presents risks to us as an insurer, investor and employer. Climate models indicate that rising temperatures will likely result in rising sea levels over the decades to come and may increase the frequency and intensity of natural catastrophes and severe weather events. Extreme weather events such as abnormally high temperatures may result in increased losses associated with our property, automobile, workers compensation and group benefits businesses. Changing climate patterns may also increase the duration, 

frequency and intensity of heat/cold waves, which may result in increased claims for property damage, business interruption and losses under workers compensation, group disability and group life coverages. Precipitation patterns across the U.S. are projected to change, which if realized, may increase risks of flash floods and wildfires. If third parties assert that climate change-related risks and damages are caused by insured businesses, or arise from alleged mismanagement at insured businesses, we may experience increased claims under general liability and management liability policies. Additionally, there may be an impact on the demand, price and availability of automobile and homeowners insurance, and there is a risk of higher reinsurance costs or more limited availability of reinsurance coverage. Changes in climate conditions may also cause our underlying modeling data to not adequately reflect frequency and severity, limiting our ability to effectively evaluate and manage risks of catastrophes and severe weather events. Among other impacts, this could result in not charging enough premiums or not obtaining timely state approvals for rate increases to cover the risks we insure. We may also experience significant interruptions to the Company s systems and operations that hinder our ability to sell and service business, manage claims and operate our business. 
 In addition, climate change-related risks may adversely impact the value of the investments that we hold, resulting in potential realized or unrealized losses on our invested assets. Our decision to invest in certain securities, loans, or other investments may also be impacted by changes in climate patterns due to: 
 changes in supply/demand for traditional sources of energy (e.g., coal, oil, natural gas); 
 advances in low-carbon technology and renewable energy development; 
 effects of extreme weather events on the physical and operational exposure of industries and issuers; and 
 internal investment guidelines and policies related to the global energy transition. 
 The effects of climate change could also lead to increased credit risk of other counterparties we transact business with, including reinsurers. Rising sea levels may lead to decreases in real estate values in coastal areas, reducing premium and demand for commercial property and homeowners insurance and adversely impacting the value of our real estate-related investments. Additionally, government policies or regulations to slow climate change, such as emission controls or technology mandates, may have an adverse impact on sectors such as utilities, transportation and manufacturing, affecting demand for our products and our investments in these sectors. Moreover, regulators may undertake actions to minimize the effects of climate change on consumers, which could affect coverage provided under insurance contracts and administrative process. 
 These emerging regulatory initiatives, or other climate-related policies we adopt, may result in non-renewal of business or not underwriting or investing in certain industry sectors. 
 Because there is significant variability associated with the impacts of climate change, we cannot predict how physical, legal, regulatory and social responses may impact our business. 

23 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Insurance Industry and Product Related Risks 
 Unfavorable loss development may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 We establish property and casualty and group benefits loss reserves to cover our estimated liability for the payment of all unpaid losses and loss expenses incurred with respect to premiums earned on our policies. Loss reserves are estimates of what we expect the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost, less what has been paid to date. These estimates are based upon actuarial projections and on our assessment of currently available data, as well as estimates of claims severity and frequency, legal theories of liability and other factors. For risks due to evolving changes in social, economic and environmental conditions, see the Risk Factor, Unexpected and unintended claim and coverage issues under our insurance contracts may adversely impact our financial performance. 
 Loss reserve estimates are refined periodically as experience develops and claims are reported and settled, potentially resulting in increases to our reserves. Increases in reserves would be recognized as an expense during the periods in which these determinations are made, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations for those periods. In addition, since reserve estimates of aggregate loss costs for prior years are used in pricing our insurance products, inaccurate reserves can lead to our products not being priced adequately to cover actual losses and related loss expenses in order to generate a profit. 
 In property and casualty, we continue to receive A E claims, the vast majority of which relate to policies written before 1986. Estimating the ultimate gross reserves needed for unpaid losses and related expenses for asbestos and environmental claims is particularly difficult for insurers and reinsurers. The actuarial tools and other techniques used to estimate the ultimate cost of more traditional insurance exposures tend to be less precise when used to estimate reserves for some A E exposures. 
 Moreover, the assumptions used to estimate gross reserves for A E claims, such as claim frequency over time, average severity, and how various policy provisions will be interpreted, are subject to significant uncertainty. It is also not possible to predict changes in the legal and legislative environment and their effect on the future development of A E claims. These factors, among others, make the variability of gross reserves estimates for these longer-tailed exposures significantly greater than for other more traditional exposures. 
 Effective December 31, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with National Indemnity Company NICO ), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Berkshire whereby the Company is reinsured for subsequent adverse development on substantially all of its net A E reserves up to an aggregate net limit of 1.5 billion. We remain directly liable to claimants and if the reinsurer does not fulfill its obligations under the agreement or if future adverse development exceeds the 1.5 billion aggregate limit, we may need to increase our recorded net reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. For 

additional information related to risks associated with the adverse development cover, see Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We are vulnerable to losses from catastrophes, both natural and man-made. 
 Our insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes. Catastrophes can be caused by various unpredictable natural events, including, among others, earthquakes, hurricanes, hailstorms, severe winter weather, wind storms, fires, tornadoes, and pandemics. Catastrophes can also be man-made, such as terrorist attacks, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, explosions or infrastructure failures. For international events, catastrophes may include some events designated as major losses by Lloyd's of London and, accordingly, includes incurred losses arising from exposures in Ukraine and Russia as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 
 The geographic distribution of our business subjects us to catastrophe exposure for events occurring in a number of areas, including, but not limited to: hurricanes in Florida, the Gulf Coast, the Northeast and the Atlantic coast regions of the United States; tornadoes and hail in the Midwest and Southeast; earthquakes in geographical regions exposed to seismic activity; wildfires in the West; and the spread of disease, which can occur throughout multiple geographic locations. We are also exposed to catastrophe losses in other parts of the world through our global specialty business. Any increases in the values and concentrations of insureds and property in these areas would increase the severity of catastrophic events in the future. In addition, changes in climate and/or weather patterns may increase the frequency and/or intensity of severe weather and natural catastrophe events potentially leading to increased insured losses. Potential examples include, but are not limited to: 
 an increase in the frequency or intensity of wind and thunderstorm and tornado/hailstorm events due to increased convection in the atmosphere, 
 more frequent and larger wildfires in certain geographies, 
 higher incidence of deluge flooding, and 
 the potential for an increase in frequency and severity of hurricane events. 
 Insufficient incorporation of climatic trends into widely used catastrophe models and internal tools to assess risk from natural catastrophe perils could lead to ineffective evaluation and management of catastrophe risk. For a further discussion of climate-related risks, see the above-referenced Risk Factor, Changing climate and weather patterns may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Our businesses also have exposure to global or nationally occurring pandemics caused by highly infectious and potentially fatal diseases spread through human, animal or plant populations. 
 In the event of one or more catastrophes, policyholders may be unable to meet their obligations to pay premiums on our insurance policies. Further, our liquidity could be constrained by a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes. In addition, in part because accounting rules do not permit insurers to reserve for 

24 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 such catastrophic events until they occur, claims from catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. The amount we charge for catastrophe exposure may be inadequate if the frequency or severity of catastrophe losses changes over time or if the models we use to estimate the exposure prove inadequate. In addition, regulators or legislators could limit our ability to charge adequate pricing for catastrophe exposures or shift more responsibility for covering risk. 
 Terrorism is an example of a significant man-made potential catastrophe. Private sector catastrophe reinsurance is limited and generally unavailable for terrorism losses caused by attacks with nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological weapons. In addition, workers' compensation policies generally do not have exclusions or limitations for terrorism losses. Reinsurance coverage from the federal government under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (the "Program") Reauthorization Act of 2019 TRIPRA 2019 is also limited and only applies for certified acts of terrorism that exceed a certain threshold of industry losses. Accordingly, the effects of a terrorist attack in the geographic areas we serve may result in claims and related losses for which we do not have adequate reinsurance. TRIPRA 2019 also requires that the federal government create the following reports, which could lead to additional legislation or regulation: (1) Treasury Department to include in its biennial report on the effectiveness of the Program an evaluation of the availability and affordability of terrorism risk insurance for places of worship; and (2) Government Accountability Office report to analyze and address the vulnerabilities and potential costs of cyber terrorism, to assess adequacy of coverage under the Program, and to make recommendations for future legislative changes to address evolving cyber terrorism risks. Further, the continued threat of terrorism and the occurrence of terrorist attacks, as well as heightened security measures and military action in response to these threats and attacks or other geopolitical or military crises, may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. These consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of the assets in our investment portfolio. Terrorist attacks also could disrupt our operation centers. In addition, TRIPRA 2019 expires on December 31, 2027 and if the U.S. Congress does not reauthorize the program or significantly reduces the government s share of covered terrorism losses, the Company s exposure to terrorism losses could increase materially unless it can purchase alternative terrorism reinsurance protection in the private markets at affordable prices or takes actions to materially reduce its exposure in lines of business subject to terrorism risk. For a further discussion of TRIPRA, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Enterprise Risk Management - Insurance Risk Management, Reinsurance as a Risk Management Strategy. 
 Cyber risk exposure exists through stand-alone cyber policies as well as cyber coverage endorsements on some property, general liability, management liability and directors and officers policies. Increasing frequency of cyber attacks and the evolving nature of cyber risk taking place across the globe may potentially lead to increased insured losses across the industry and for the businesses we insure. Our insureds may be increasingly exposed to cyber-related attacks with insured losses to property (including data and systems), breach of data, ransom payments and business interruption. Geopolitical crises or hostile actions taken by nation states or terrorist 

organizations may heighten the risk of cyber-attacks on companies we insure and on our own operations. 
 As a result, it is possible that any, or a combination of all, of these factors related to a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes, whether natural or man-made, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks, estimate losses and comply with state and international insurance regulations. 
 We seek to price our property and casualty and group benefits insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will provide for an acceptable profit in excess of underwriting expenses and the cost of paying claims. Pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability to project future claim costs, our expense levels, net investment income realized, our response to rate actions taken by competitors, legal and regulatory developments, including in international markets, and the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes. 
 State insurance departments regulate many of the premium rates we charge and also propose rate changes for the benefit of the insurance consumer at the expense of the insurer, which may not allow us to reach targeted levels of profitability. Moreover, regulators may seek to prohibit or constrain the use of certain underwriting and rating factors, which may affect our ability to price risks. In addition to regulating rates, certain states have enacted laws that require a property and casualty insurer to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities, joint underwriting associations and other residual market plans. State regulators also require that an insurer offer property and casualty coverage to all consumers and often restrict an insurer's ability to charge the price it might otherwise charge or restrict an insurer's ability to offer or enforce specific policy deductibles. In these markets, we may be compelled to underwrite significant amounts of business at lower than desired rates or accept additional risk not contemplated in our existing rates, participate in the operating losses of residual market plans or pay assessments to fund operating deficits of state-sponsored funds, possibly leading to lower returns on equity. The laws and regulations of many states also limit an insurer's ability to withdraw from one or more lines of insurance in the state, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state's insurance department. Additionally, certain states require insurers to participate in guaranty funds for impaired or insolvent insurance companies. These funds periodically assess losses against all insurance companies doing business in the state. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. For more on international regulatory risks, see the Risk Factor, Regulatory and legislative developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Additionally, the property and casualty and group benefits insurance markets have been historically cyclical, experiencing periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, less restrictive underwriting standards, more 

25 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 expansive coverage offerings, multi-year rate guarantees and declining premium rates, followed by periods of relatively low levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards, more coverage restrictions and increasing premium rates. In all of our property and casualty and group benefits insurance product lines, there is a risk that the premium we charge may ultimately prove to be inadequate as reported losses emerge. In addition, there is a risk that regulatory constraints, price competition or incorrect pricing assumptions could prevent us from achieving targeted returns. Inadequate pricing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Competitive activity, use of predictive analytics, or technological changes may adversely affect our market share, demand for our products, or our financial results. 
 The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. Our principal competitors are other property and casualty insurers, group benefits providers and providers of mutual funds and exchange-traded funds ("ETFs"). Competitors may expand their risk appetites in products and services where The Hartford currently enjoys a competitive advantage. Larger competitors with more capital and new entrants to the market could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of our products and services and may harm our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. For example, larger competitors, including those formed through consolidation or who may acquire new entrants to the market, such as insurtech firms, may have lower operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk while maintaining their financial strength ratings, thereby allowing them to price their products more competitively. In addition, a number of insurers are making use of predictive analytics to, among other things, improve pricing accuracy, be more targeted in marketing, strengthen customer relationships and provide more customized loss prevention services. If they are able to use predictive analytics and other data and/or adopt innovative new technologies more effectively than we are, it may give them a competitive advantage. Because of the highly competitive nature of the industries we compete in, there can be no assurance that we will continue to compete effectively with our industry rivals, or that competitive pressure will not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our business could also be affected by technological changes, including further advancements in automotive safety features, the development of autonomous or self-driving vehicles, and platforms that facilitate ride sharing. These technologies could impact the frequency or severity of losses, disrupt the demand for certain of our products, or reduce the size of the automobile insurance market as a whole. The risks we insure are also affected by the increased use of technology in homes and businesses, including technology used in heating, ventilation, air conditioning and security systems and the introduction of more automated loss control measures. Increased use of advanced analytics and automation in the workplace could potentially affect the demand for workers' compensation insurance products over time. In addition, our business may be disrupted due to failures of accelerated technological changes, including our automation of minimally complex tasks, which may adversely impact our business and results of operations. While 

there is substantial uncertainty about the timing, penetration and reliability of such technologies, and the legal frameworks that may apply, such as to autonomous vehicles, any such impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We may experience difficulty in marketing and providing insurance products and investment advisory services through distribution channels and advisory firms. 
 We distribute our insurance products, mutual funds and ETFs through a variety of distribution channels and financial intermediaries, including brokers, independent agents, wholesale agents, reinsurance brokers, broker-dealers, banks, registered investment advisors, affinity partners, our own internal sales force and other third-party organizations. In some areas of our business, we generate a significant portion of our business through third-party arrangements. For example, we market personal lines products in large part through an exclusive licensing arrangement with AARP that continues through December 31, 2032. Our ability to distribute products through the AARP program may be adversely impacted by membership levels and the pace of membership growth. In addition, the independent agent and broker distribution channel is consolidating, which could result in a larger proportion of written premium being concentrated among fewer agents and brokers, potentially increasing our cost of acquiring new business. While we periodically seek to renew or extend third party arrangements, there can be no assurance that our relationship with these third parties will continue or that the economics of these relationships won't change to make them less financially attractive to the Company. An interruption in our relationship with certain of these third parties could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Unexpected and unintended claim and coverage issues under our insurance contracts may adversely impact our financial performance. 
 Changes in industry practices and in legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions, technological advances or fraudulent activities, may require us to pay claims we did not intend to cover when we wrote the policies. Social, economic, political and environmental issues, including rising income inequality, climate change, prescription drug use and addiction, exposures to new substances or those substances previously considered to be safe and found to have latent exposure, along with the use of social media to proliferate messaging around such issues, has expanded the theories for reporting claims, which may increase our claims administration and/or litigation costs. State and local governments' increased efforts aimed to respond to the costs and concerns associated with these types of issues, may also lead to expansive, new theories for reporting claims or may lead to the passage of "reviver" statutes that extend the statute of limitations for the reporting of these claims, including statutes passed in certain states with respect to sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims. In addition, these and other social, economic, political and environmental issues may either extend coverage beyond our underwriting intent or 

26 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 increase the frequency or severity of claims. Some of these changes, advances or activities may not become apparent until some time after we have issued insurance contracts that are affected by the changes, advances or activities and/or we may be unable to compensate for such losses through future pricing and underwriting. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance contracts may not be known for many years after a contract is issued, and this liability may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity at the time it becomes known. 
 Financial Strength, Credit and Counterparty Risks 
 Downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings may make our products less attractive, increase our cost of capital and inhibit our ability to refinance our debt. 
 Financial strength and credit ratings are important in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. Rating agencies assign ratings based upon several factors. While most of the factors relate to the rated company, others relate to the views of the rating agency (including its assessment of the strategic importance of the rated company to the insurance group), general economic conditions, and circumstances outside the rated company's control. In addition, rating agencies may employ different models and formulas to assess the financial strength of a rated company, and from time to time rating agencies have altered these models. Changes to the models or factors used by the rating agencies to assign ratings could adversely impact a rating agency's judgment of its internal rating and the publicly issued rating it assigns us. 
 Our financial strength ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet policyholder obligations, are an important factor affecting public confidence in most of our products and, as a result, our competitiveness. A downgrade or a potential downgrade in the rating of our financial strength or of one of our principal insurance subsidiaries could affect our competitive position and reduce future sales of our products. 
 Our credit ratings also affect our cost of capital. A downgrade or a potential downgrade of our credit ratings could make it more difficult or costly to refinance maturing debt obligations, to support business growth at our insurance subsidiaries and to maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries. These events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. For a further discussion of potential impacts of ratings downgrades on derivative instruments, including potential collateral calls, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Capital Resources and Liquidity - Derivative Commitments. 

The amount of capital that we must hold to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings and meet other requirements can vary significantly from time to time and is sensitive to a number of factors outside of our control. 
 We conduct the vast majority of our business through licensed insurance company subsidiaries. In the United States, statutory accounting standards and statutory capital and reserve requirements for these entities are prescribed by the applicable insurance regulators and the NAIC. The minimum capital we must hold is based on risk-based capital RBC formulas for both life and property and casualty companies. The RBC formula for life companies is applicable to our group benefits business and establishes capital requirements relating to insurance, business, asset, credit, interest rate and off-balance sheet risks. The RBC formula for property and casualty companies sets required statutory surplus levels based on underwriting, asset and credit and off-balance sheet risks. 
 Countries in which our international insurance subsidiaries are incorporated or deemed commercially domiciled are subject to minimum capital requirements as defined by the applicable regulatory regime, including Solvency II subject to amendments proposed in the U.K. following the U.K.'s withdrawal from the European Union. In addition, our Lloyd s member company must maintain required Funds at Lloyd's ("FAL") to meet the capital requirements of its syndicate. The FAL is determined based on the syndicate s Solvency Capital Requirement SCR under the Solvency II capital adequacy model plus an economic capital assessment determined by the Lloyd s Franchise Board (which is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Lloyd's market). 
 In any particular year, statutory surplus amounts, RBC ratios, FAL and SCR may increase or decrease depending on a variety of factors, some of which are outside the Company's control, including: 
 the amount of statutory income or losses generated by our insurance subsidiaries; 
 the amount of additional capital our insurance subsidiaries must hold to support business growth; 
 the amount of dividends or distributions paid to the holding company; 
 changes in equity market levels; 
 the value of certain fixed-income and equity securities in our investment portfolio; 
 the value of certain derivative instruments; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 admissibility of deferred tax assets; 
 changes to the regulatory capital formulas; and 
 regulatory changes to accounting guidance for determining capital adequacy. 
 Among other factors, rating agencies consider the level of statutory capital and surplus of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries as well as the level of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") capital held by the Company in determining the 

27 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Company's financial strength and credit ratings. Rating agencies may implement changes to their capital formulas that have the effect of increasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings. If our capital resources are insufficient to maintain a particular rating by one or more rating agencies, we may need to raise capital through public or private equity or debt financing. If we were not to raise additional capital, either at our discretion or because we were unable to do so, our financial strength and credit ratings might be downgraded by one or more rating agencies. 
 Losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties can have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments and reduce our profitability or sources of liquidity. 
 We have credit risk with counterparties associated with investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables and indemnifications provided by third parties in connection with previous dispositions. Among others, our counterparties include issuers of fixed maturity and equity securities we hold, borrowers of mortgage loans we hold, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, reinsurers, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries and guarantors. These counterparties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other reasons. In addition, for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, options and "cleared" over-the-counter derivatives, the Company is generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant central counterparty clearing house. Defaults by these counterparties on their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Additionally, if the underlying assets supporting the structured securities we invest in default on their payment obligations, our securities will incur losses. 
 The availability of reinsurance and our ability to recover under reinsurance contracts may not be sufficient to protect us against losses. 
 As an insurer, we frequently use reinsurance to reduce the effect of losses that may arise from, among other things, catastrophes and other risks that can cause unfavorable results of operations. In addition, our assumed reinsurance business purchases retrocessional coverage for a portion of the risks it assumes. Under these reinsurance arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of our losses and related expenses; however, we remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. Consequently, ceded reinsurance arrangements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims, and we are subject to our reinsurers' credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from them. The inability or unwillingness of any reinsurer or retrocessionaire to meet its financial obligations to us, including the impact of any insolvency or rehabilitation proceedings involving a reinsurer or retrocessionaire that could affect the Company's access to collateral held in trust, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

In addition, should the availability and cost of reinsurance change materially, we may have to pay higher reinsurance costs, accept an increase in our net liability exposure, reduce the amount of business we write, or access to the extent possible other alternatives to reinsurance, such as use of the capital markets. Further, due to the inherent uncertainties as to collection and the length of time before reinsurance recoverables will be due, it is possible that future adjustments to the Company s reinsurance recoverables, net of the allowance, could be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations or liquidity in a particular quarterly or annual period. 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations. 
 The payment of future dividends on our capital stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, which considers, among other factors, our operating results, overall financial condition, credit-risk considerations and capital requirements, as well as general business and market conditions. Our board of directors may only declare such dividends out of funds legally available for such payments. Moreover, our common stockholders are subject to the prior dividend rights of any holders of depositary shares representing preferred stock then outstanding. The terms of our outstanding junior subordinated debt securities prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our capital stock or purchasing, acquiring, or making a liquidation payment on such stock, if we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments and the related deferral period has not yet commenced or a deferral period is continuing. 
 Moreover, as a holding company that is separate and distinct from our insurance subsidiaries, we have no significant business operations of our own. Therefore, we rely on dividends from our insurance company subsidiaries and other subsidiaries as the principal source of cash flow to meet our obligations. Subsidiary dividends fund payments on our debt securities and the payment of dividends to stockholders on our capital stock. Connecticut state laws and certain other U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate limit the payment of dividends and require notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of dividends above certain levels. The laws and regulations of the countries in which our international insurance subsidiaries are incorporated or deemed commercially domiciled, as well as requirements of the Council of Lloyd s, also impose limitations on the payment of dividends which, in some instances, are more restrictive. Dividends paid from our insurance subsidiaries are further dependent on their cash requirements. In addition, in the event of liquidation or reorganization of a subsidiary, prior claims of a subsidiary s creditors may take precedence over the holding company s right to a dividend or distribution from the subsidiary except to the extent that the holding company may be a creditor of that subsidiary. For further discussion on dividends from insurance subsidiaries, see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Capital Resources Liquidity. 

28 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Risks Relating to Estimates, Assumptions and Valuations 
 Actual results could materially differ from the analytical models we use to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, pricing, capital management, reserving, investments, reinsurance and catastrophe risks. 
 We use models to help make decisions related to, among other things, underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investments, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk. Both proprietary and third party models we use incorporate numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of interest rates, capital requirements, loss frequency and severity, currency exchange rates, policyholder behavior, equity markets and inflation, among others. The models are subject to the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis as the historical internal and industry data and assumptions used in the models may not be indicative of what will happen in the future. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. The profitability and financial condition of the Company substantially depends on the extent to which our actual experience is consistent with assumptions we use in our models and ultimate model outputs. If, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or our estimates of the risks we are exposed to prove to be materially inaccurate, our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity may be adversely affected. 
 The valuation of our securities and investments and the determination of allowances and credit losses are highly subjective and based on methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and market conditions. 
 Estimated fair values of the Company s investments are based on available market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty. During periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the financial environment. In addition, there may be certain securities whose fair value is based on one or more unobservable inputs, even during normal market conditions. As a result, the determination of the fair values of these securities may include inputs and assumptions that require more estimation and management judgment and the use of complex valuation methodologies. These fair values may differ materially from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Further, rapidly changing or unprecedented credit and equity 

market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 Similarly, management s decision on whether to record an allowance for credit losses is subject to significant judgments and assumptions regarding changes in general economic conditions, the issuer's financial condition or future recovery prospects, estimated future cash flows, the expected recovery period and the accuracy of third party information used in internal assessments. As a result, management s evaluations and assessments are highly judgmental and its projections of future cash flows over the life of certain securities may ultimately prove incorrect as facts and circumstances change. 
 If our businesses do not perform well, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the amounts we paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date of acquisition. We test goodwill at least annually for impairment. Impairment testing is performed based upon estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit to which the goodwill relates. The reporting unit is the operating segment or a business one level below an operating segment if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by management at that level. The fair value of the reporting unit could decrease if new business, customer retention, profitability or other drivers of performance differ from expectations. If it is determined that the goodwill has been impaired, the Company must write down the goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a corresponding charge to net income (loss). These write downs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Strategic and Operational Risks 
 Our businesses may suffer and we may incur substantial costs if we are unable to access our systems and safeguard the security of our data in the event of a disaster, cyber breach or other information security incident. 
 We use technology to process, store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer and company data and information. Our information technology and telecommunications systems, in turn, interface with and rely upon third-party systems. We and our third party vendors must be able to access our systems to provide insurance quotes, process premium payments, make changes to existing policies, file and pay claims, administer mutual funds, provide customer support, manage our investment portfolios, report on financial results and perform other necessary business functions. 
 Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. In the 

29 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, a pandemic, civil unrest, an industrial accident, a cyber-attack, a blackout, a terrorist attack (including conventional, nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological) or war, systems upon which we rely may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time. Even if our employees and business partners are able to report to work, they may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems used to conduct our business are disabled or destroyed. 
 Our systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks (such as ransomware and denial of service), cyber frauds or other computer related penetrations. The frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase as well. While, to date, The Hartford is not aware of having experienced a material breach of our cyber security systems, administrative, internal accounting and technical controls as well as other preventive actions may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, denial of service, cyber-attacks, business email compromises, ransomware or other security breaches to our systems or those of third parties with whom we do business. Such an event could compromise our confidential information as well as that of our clients and third parties, impede or interrupt our business operations and result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, additional regulatory scrutiny and litigation and reputational damage. In addition, we routinely transmit to third parties personal, confidential and proprietary information, which may be related to employees and customers, by email and other electronic means, along with receiving and storing such information on our systems. Although we attempt to protect privileged and confidential information, we may be unable to secure the information in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have appropriate controls to protect confidential information. 
 Our businesses must comply with regulations to control the privacy of customer, employee and third party data, and state, federal and international regulations regarding data privacy are becoming increasingly more onerous. A misuse or mishandling of confidential or proprietary information could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. 
 Third parties, including third party administrators and cloud-based systems, are also subject to cyber-attacks and breaches of confidential information, along with the other risks outlined above, any one of which may result in our incurring substantial costs and other negative consequences, including a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Our increased use of open source software, cloud technology and software as a service can make it more difficult to identify and remedy such situations due to the disparate location of code utilized in our operations. While we maintain cyber liability insurance that provides both third party liability and first party insurance coverages, our insurance may not be sufficient to protect against all loss. 

Performance problems due to outsourcing and other third-party relationships may compromise our ability to conduct business. 
 We outsource certain business and administrative functions and rely on third-party vendors to perform certain functions or provide certain services on our behalf and have a significant number of information technology and business processes outsourced with a single vendor. If we are unable to reach agreement in the negotiation of contracts or renewals with certain third-party providers, or if such third-party providers experience disruptions in their processes or with relied upon vendors, or if they do not perform as anticipated, we may be unable to meet our obligations to customers and claimants, incur higher costs and lose business which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For other risks associated with our outsourcing of certain functions, see the Risk Factor, Our businesses may suffer and we may incur substantial costs if we are unable to access our systems and safeguard the security of our data in the event of a disaster, cyber breach or other information security incident. 
 Our ability to execute on capital management plans and other actions is subject to material challenges, uncertainties and risks. 
 The ability to execute on capital management plans is subject to material challenges, uncertainties and risks. From time to time, our capital management plans may include the repurchase of common stock, the paydown of outstanding debt or both. We may not achieve all of the benefits we expect to derive from these plans. For an equity repurchase plan approved by the Board, such capital management plan would be subject to execution risks, including, among others, risks related to market fluctuations, investor interest and potential legal constraints that could delay execution at an otherwise optimal time. There can be no assurance that we will fully execute any such plan. In addition, we may not be successful in keeping our businesses cost efficient. We may take future actions, including acquisitions, divestitures or restructurings that may involve additional uncertainties and risks that negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity and could impact our ability to execute our capital management plans. 
 Acquisitions and divestitures may not produce the anticipated benefits and may result in unintended consequences, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses or achieve the expected synergies as a result of such acquisitions or divestitures. The process of integrating an acquired company or business can be complex and costly and may create unforeseen operating difficulties including ineffective integration of underwriting, risk management, claims handling, finance, information technology and actuarial practices. Difficulties integrating an acquired business may also result in the acquired business performing differently than we expected including through the loss of customers or in our failure to realize anticipated increased premium growth or expense-related efficiencies. We could be adversely affected by the acquisition due to unanticipated performance issues and additional expense, unforeseen liabilities, transaction-related 

30 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 charges, downgrades by third-party rating agencies, diversion of management time and resources to integration challenges, loss of key employees, regulatory requirements, exposure to tax liabilities, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets or goodwill. In addition, we may be adversely impacted by uncertainties related to reserve estimates of the acquired company and its design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting. We may be unable to distribute as much capital to the holding company as planned due to regulatory restrictions or other reasons, or we may be required to contribute capital to a subsidiary, either of which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 In addition, in the case of business or asset dispositions, we may have continued financial exposure to the divested businesses through reinsurance, indemnification or other financial arrangements following the transaction. The expected benefits of acquired or divested businesses may not be realized and involve additional uncertainties and risks that may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Difficulty in attracting and retaining talented and qualified personnel may adversely affect the execution of our business strategies. 
 Our ability to attract, develop and retain talented employees, managers and executives is critical to our success. There is significant competition within and outside the insurance and financial services industry for qualified employees, particularly for individuals with highly specialized knowledge in areas such as underwriting, actuarial, data and analytics, technology and digital commerce and investment management. Our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses and to expand into new business areas depends on our ability to attract new employees and to develop, retain and motivate our existing employees. The loss of key employees, including executives, managers and employees with strong technological, analytical and other specialized skills, may adversely impact the execution of our business objectives or result in loss of important institutional knowledge. Our inability to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 
 We rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. Although we use a broad range of measures to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property and to determine its scope, validity or enforceability, which could divert significant resources and may not prove successful. Litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights may not be successful and cost a significant amount of money. The inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. We also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon their intellectual property rights, including patent rights, or violate license usage 

rights. Any such intellectual property claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant expense and liability for damages, and in some circumstances we could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers, or utilizing and benefiting from certain patent, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 Regulatory and legislative developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 We are subject to extensive laws and regulations that are complex, subject to change and often conflict in their approach or intended outcomes. Compliance with these laws and regulations can increase cost, affect our strategy, and constrain our ability to adequately price our products. 
 In the U.S., regulatory initiatives and legislative developments may significantly affect our operations and prospects in ways that we cannot predict. For example, federal and state legislative efforts on Paid Family and Medical Leave, data privacy and cyber security, risk-based pricing and ESG practices could have unanticipated consequences for the Company and its businesses. It is unclear whether and to what extent Congress, the current Administration or individual states will continue to pursue these types of proposals, and how those changes might impact the Company, its business, financial conditions, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled, licensed or authorized to conduct business. State regulations generally seek to protect the interests of policyholders rather than an insurer or the insurer s stockholders and other investors. U.S. state laws grant insurance regulatory authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing and authorizing lines of business, approving policy forms and premium rates, setting statutory capital and reserve requirements, limiting the types and amounts of certain investments and restricting underwriting practices. State insurance departments also set constraints on domestic insurer transactions with affiliates and dividends and, in many cases, must approve affiliate transactions and extraordinary dividends as well as strategic transactions such as acquisitions and divestitures. 
 Our international insurance subsidiaries are subject to the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they operate, including the requirements of the PRA and the FCA in the U.K, the Bermuda Monetary Authority in Bermuda and the Insurance Authority in Hong Kong. Our Lloyd s Syndicate is also subject to management and supervision by the Council of Lloyd s, which has wide discretionary powers to regulate members underwriting at Lloyd s, as well as regulations 

31 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 imposed by overseas regulators where the Lloyd s Syndicate conducts business. 
 Following the U.K. s withdrawal from the European Union, the U.K entered into a free trade agreement with the E.U. on December 30, 2020. Under this agreement, a Trade Partnership Committee meets on a regular basis to discuss areas of cooperation. It is possible that deliberations of this Trade Partnership Committee could affect how U.K. domiciled financial services and insurance firms are regulated. 
 In addition, future regulatory initiatives could be adopted at the federal, state and international level that could affect the profitability of our businesses. For example, the NAIC and state insurance regulators periodically reexamine existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on modifications to U.S. statutory accounting principles, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations. The NAIC continues to enhance the U.S. system of insurance solvency regulation, with a particular focus on group supervision, risk-based capital, accounting and financial reporting, enterprise risk management and reinsurance which could, among other things, affect statutory measures of capital adequacy, including risk-based capital ratios. 
 Lawmakers and regulators at the federal, state and international levels are enacting laws and promulgating regulations and guidance related to climate change, with conflicts from jurisdiction to jurisdiction possible, which may impose additional costs on the Company, or expose us to new or additional risks. For example, regulators could impose new disclosure requirements regarding underwriting or investment in certain industry sectors or take other actions such as implementing a temporary moratorium on cancellation of policies within catastrophe prone areas. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC issued proposed rules to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures for investors. The scope and timing of final rules is uncertain; however, if not modified substantively, the proposed rules would require extensive narrative and quantitative reporting on climate change and decarbonization in SEC filings and pose potential compliance and litigation risks to the Company. In addition, the Federal Insurance Office continues to analyze the potential for climate change to affect insurance and reinsurance coverage, which could result in increased data collection and reporting. Regulators may also impose new requirements affecting our operations such as enforcing compliance with reductions in greenhouse gas emissions (GHGe) and increasing the targeted reductions in the future. 
 In addition, changes in laws or regulations, particularly relating to privacy and data security and potential limitations on predictive models, such as use of certain underwriting rating variables, may materially impede our ability to execute on business strategies and/or our ability to be competitive. Any proposed or future legislation or NAIC initiatives, if adopted, may be more restrictive on our ability to conduct business than current regulatory requirements or may result in higher costs or increased statutory capital and reserve requirements. The International Association of Insurance Supervisors ("IAIS") continues to ad vance the development of insurance group capital standards for use with Internationally Active Insurance Groups ("IAIGs"). As of January 1, 2020, the IAIS Insurance Capital Standard entered a five-year monitoring period at the 

end of which insurance firms are required to follow such standards. While the Company would not currently be subject to this capital standard regime, it is possible that, in the future, standards similar to what is being contemplated by the IAIS could apply to the Company. Working through the NAIC, U.S. state insurance regulators have adopted a group capital calculation for use in solvency-monitoring activities. The calculation is intended to provide additional analytical information to the lead state for use in assessing group risks and capital adequacy to compl ement the current holding company analysis in the U.S. By 2024, the IAIS will assess whether this method provides comparable outcomes to the consolidated group insurance capital standard that it has been developing for use with IAIGs. 
 Further, a particular regulator or enforcement authority may interpret a legal, accounting, or reserving issue differently than we have, exposing us to different or additional regulatory risks. The application of these regulations and guidelines by insurers involves interpretations and judgments that may be challenged by state insurance departments and other regulators. The result of those potential challenges could require us to increase levels of regulatory capital and reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs. 
 In addition, our asset management businesses are also subject to extensive regulation in the various jurisdictions where they operate. These laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect investors in the securities markets or investment advisory clients and generally grant supervisory authorities broad administrative powers. Compliance with these laws and regulations is costly, time consuming and personnel intensive, and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Our insurance business is sensitive to significant changes in the legal environment that could adversely affect The Hartford s results of operations or financial condition or harm its businesses. 
 Like any major P C insurance company, litigation is a routine part of The Hartford s business - both in defending and indemnifying our insureds and in litigating insurance coverage disputes. The Hartford accounts for such activity by establishing unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. Significant changes in the legal environment could cause our ultimate liabilities to change from our current expectations. Such changes could be judicial in nature, like trends in the size of jury awards, developments in the law relating to tort liability or the liability of insurers, and rulings concerning the scope of insurance coverage or the amount or types of damages covered by insurance. In addition, changes in federal or state laws and regulations relating to the liability of insurers or policyholders, including state laws expanding bad faith liability and state reviver statutes, extending statutes of limitations for certain sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, could result in changes in business practices, additional litigation, or could result in unexpected losses, including increased frequency and severity of claims. It is impossible to forecast such changes reliably, much less to predict how they might affect our loss reserves or how those changes might adversely affect our ability to price our insurance products appropriately. Thus, significant 

32 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 judicial or legislative developments could adversely affect The Hartford s business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws and tax rates or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our profitability or financial condition by increasing the Company's overall tax and compliance burdens. The Company s federal and state tax returns reflect certain items such as tax-exempt bond interest, tax credits, and insurance reserve deductions. There is an increasing risk that, in the context of tax reform in the U.S., federal and/or state tax legislation could modify or eliminate these items, impacting the Company, its investments, investment strategies, and/or its policyholders. For a description of potential impacts for the Inflation Reduction Act, which was signed into law on August 16, 2022, see Part I, Item 2, MD A - Capital Resources and Liquidity, Contingencies, Legislative and Regulatory Developments. 
 Regulatory requirements could delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider in their best interests. 
 Before a person can acquire control of a U.S. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. Prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer, the state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any such additional information as the insurance commissioner may deem necessary or appropriate for the protection of policyholders or in the public interest. 

Generally, state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the domestic insurer or its parent company. Because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our common stock would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various U.S. jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. Other laws or required approvals pertaining to one or more of our existing subsidiaries, or a future subsidiary, may contain similar or additional restrictions on the acquisition of control of the Company. These laws and similar rules applying to subsidiaries domiciled outside of the United States may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control, including transactions that our Board of Directors and some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable. 
 Changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 As an SEC registrant, we are currently required to prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, as promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"). Accordingly, we are required to adopt new guidance or interpretations which may have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition that is either unexpected or has a greater impact than expected. For a description of changes in accounting standards that are currently pending and, if known, our estimates of their expected impact, see Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, The Hartford owned building space totaling approximately 1.8 million square feet consisting of its home office complex in Hartford, Connecticut and other properties within the greater Hartford, Connecticut area. In addition, we lease offices throughout North America, the United Kingdom and other overseas locations to house administrative, claims handling, sales and other business operations. As of 

December 31, 2022, The Hartford leased approximately 1.1 million square feet throughout North America, 22 thousand square feet in London and 6 thousand square feet in other international branches. All of the properties owned or leased are used by one or more of all five reporting segments, depending on the location. For more information on reporting segments, see Part I, Item 1, Business Reporting Segments. The Company believes its properties and facilities are suitable and adequate for current operations. 

Item 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a discussion regarding The Hartford s legal proceedings, see the information contained under Litigation, including COVID-19 Pandemic Business Income Insurance Litigation and Run-off Asbestos and Environmental Claims, in Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

33 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part II - Item 5. Market for the Hartford's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Item 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR THE HARTFORD'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Hartford s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the trading symbol HIG . As of February 23, 2023, the Company had approximately 9,231 registered holders of record of the Company's common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name holders or beneficial holders, whose shares 

are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 The Hartford's cash dividends paid on common stock and expected payment of future cash dividends are discussed in the Summary of Capital Resources and Liquidity and Liquidity Requirements and Sources of Capital - Dividends sections of Part II, Item 7, MD A Capital Resources and Liquidity. 
 For information related to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Repurchases of common stock by the Company during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 are set forth below. During the period from January 1, 2023 through February 23, 2023, the Company repurchased 2.7 million shares for 209. 

Repurchases of Common Stock by the Issuer for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased [1] Average Price 
 Paid Per 
 Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs [2] (in millions) October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 1,709,923 66.69 1,705,631 2,984 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 1,869,736 73.78 1,852,356 2,847 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 1,337,959 75.15 1,325,635 2,748 Total 4,917,618 71.69 4,883,622 
 [1]Includes 33,996 shares in net settlement of employee tax withholding obligations related to equity awards under the Company's incentive stock plans, which were not part of publicly announced share repurchase authorizations. The Company paid an average price per share of 72.76 in employee tax withholding obligations related to net share settlements in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 [2]On December 17, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized an equity repurchase plan for 1.5 billion for the period commencing January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022. The Board of Directors increased this authorization by 1.0 billion on April 22, 2021, and by 500 on October 28, 2021, bringing the aggregate repurchase authorization to 3.0 billion through December 31, 2022. In addition to the authorization covering the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022, in July, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization for up to 3.0 billion effective from August 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The timing of any repurchases is dependent on several factors, including the market price of the Company's securities, the Company's capital position, consideration of the effect of any repurchases on the Company's financial strength or credit ratings, the Company's blackout periods, and other considerations. 
 34 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part II - Item 5. Market for the Hartford's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

| TOTAL RETURN TO STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 The following table presents The Hartford s five-year total return on its common stock including reinvestment of dividends in comparison to the S P 500 and the S P Insurance Composite Index. Cumulative Five-Year Total Return Base Period For the years ended Company/Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 100 80.76 112.83 93.74 135.23 151.89 S P 500 Index 100 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P Insurance Composite Index 100 88.79 114.88 114.38 151.12 166.42 
 35 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Item 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollar amounts in millions, except for per share data, unless otherwise stated) 
 The Hartford provides projections and other forward-looking information in the following discussions, which contain many forward-looking statements, particularly relating to the Company s future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are estimates based on information currently available to the Company, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to the cautionary statements set forth on pages 4 and 5 of this Form 10-K. Actual results are likely to differ, and in the past have differed, materially from those forecast by the Company, depending on the outcome of various factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth in the following discussion and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Hartford undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 On December 29, 2021, the Company completed the sale of Navigators Holdings (Europe) N.V., a Belgium holding company, and its subsidiaries, Bracht, Deckers Mackelbert N.V. BDM and Assurances Contintales Contintale Verzekeringen N.V. ASCO ), (collectively referred to as "Continental Europe Operations"). 
 For discussion of reclassifications, and dispositions, see Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 21 - Business Dispositions of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Hartford defines increases or decreases greater than or equal to 200 as NM or not meaningful. 
 For discussion of the earliest of the three years included in the financial statements of the current filing, refer to Part 2, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in The Hartford s 2021 Form 10-K Annual Report. 

Index 
 Description Page Key Performance Measures and Ratios 
 36 
 The Hartford's Operations 
 41 
 Financial Highlights 
 44 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 45 
 Investment Results 
 48 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 50 
 Commercial Lines 
 72 
 Personal Lines 
 77 
 Property Casualty Other Operations 
 81 
 Group Benefits 
 82 
 Hartford Funds 
 84 
 Corporate 
 86 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 87 
 Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 104 
 Impact of New Accounting Standards 
 112 
 
 Throughout the MD A, we use certain terms and abbreviations, the more commonly used are summarized in the Acronyms section . 
 
 KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND RATIOS 
 The Company considers the measures and ratios in the following discussion to be key performance indicators for its businesses. Management believes that these ratios and measures are useful in understanding the underlying trends in The Hartford s businesses. However, these key performance indicators should only be used in conjunction with, and not in lieu of, the results presented in the segment discussions that follow in this MD A. These ratios and measures may not be comparable to other performance measures used by the Company s competitors. 
 Definitions of Non-GAAP and Other Measures and Ratios 
 Assets Under Management AUM )- Include mutual fund and exchange-traded fund ("ETF") assets. AUM is a measure used by the Company's Hartford Funds segment because a significant portion of the segment s revenues and expenses are based upon asset values. These revenues and expenses increase or decrease with a rise or fall in AUM whether caused by changes in the market or through net flows. 
 Book Value per Diluted Share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI")- This is a non-GAAP per share measure that i s calculated by dividing (a) common stockholders' equity, excluding AOCI, after tax, by (b) common shares outstanding 

36 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 and dilutive potential common shares. The Company provides this measure to enable investors to analyze the amount of the Company's net worth that is primarily attributable to the Company's business operations. The Company believes that excluding AOCI from the numerator is useful to investors because it eliminates the effect of items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, primarily based on changes in interest rates. Book value per diluted share is the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. 
 Combined Ratio- The sum of the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio, the expense ratio and the policyholder dividend ratio. This ratio is a relative measurement that describes the related cost of losses and expenses for every 100 of earned premiums. A combined ratio below 100 demonstrates underwriting profit; a combined ratio above 100 demonstrates underwriting losses. 
 Core Earnings- The Hartford uses the non-GAAP measure core earnings as an important measure of the Company s operating performance. The Hartford believes that core earnings provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the Company s ongoing businesses because it reveals trends in our insurance and financial services businesses that may be obscured by including the net effect of certain items. Therefore, the following items are excluded from core earnings: 
 Certain realized gains and losses - Generally realized gains and losses are primarily driven by investment decisions and external economic developments, the nature and timing of which are unrelated to the insurance and underwriting aspects of our business. Accordingly, core earnings excludes the effect of all realized gains and losses that tend to be highly variable from period to period based on capital market conditions. The Hartford believes, however, that some realized gains and losses are integrally related to our insurance operations, so core earnings includes net realized gains and losses such as net periodic settlements on credit derivatives. These net realized gains and losses are directly related to an offsetting item included in the income statement such as net investment income. 
 Restructuring and other costs - Costs incurred as part of a restructuring plan are not a recurring operating expense of the business. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt - Largely consisting of make-whole payments or tender premiums upon paying debt off before maturity, these losses are not a recurring operating expense of the business. 
 Gains and losses on reinsurance transactions - Gains or losses on reinsurance, such as those entered into upon sale of a business or to reinsure loss reserves, are not a recurring operating expense of the business. 

Integration and other non-recurring M A costs - These costs, including transaction costs incurred in connection with an acquired business, are incurred over a short period of time and do not represent an ongoing operating expense of the business. 
 Change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business - These changes in loss reserves are excluded from core earnings because such changes could obscure the ability to compare results in periods after the acquisition to results of periods prior to the acquisition. 
 Deferred gain resulting from retroactive reinsurance and subsequent changes in the deferred gain - Retroactive reinsurance agreements economically transfer risk to the reinsurers and excluding the deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance and related amortization of the deferred gain from core earnings provides greater insight into the economics of the business. 
 Change in valuation allowance on deferred taxes related to non-core components of before tax income - These changes in valuation allowances are excluded from core earnings because they relate to non-core components of before tax income, such as tax attributes like capital loss carryforwards. 
 Results of discontinued operations - These results are excluded from core earnings for businesses sold or held for sale because such results could obscure the ability to compare period over period results for our ongoing businesses. 
 In addition to the above components of net income available to common stockholders that are excluded from core earnings, preferred stock dividends declared, which are excluded from net income available to common stockholders, are included in the determination of core earnings. Preferred stock dividends are a cost of financing more akin to interest expense on debt and are expected to be a recurring expense as long as the preferred stock is outstanding. 
 Net income (loss) and net income (loss) available to common stockholders are the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures to core earnings. Core earnings should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss) or net income (loss) available to common stockholders and does not reflect the overall profitability of the Company's business. Therefore, The Hartford believes that it is useful for investors to evaluate net income (loss), net income (loss) available to common stockholders, and core earnings when reviewing the Company's performance. 

37 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Reconciliation of Net Income to Core Earnings 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 1,815 2,365 1,737 Preferred stock dividends 21 21 21 Net income available to common stockholders 1,794 2,344 1,716 Adjustments to reconcile net income available to common stockholders to core earnings: Net realized losses (gains) excluded from core earnings, before tax 626 (505) 18 Restructuring and other costs, before tax 13 1 104 Loss on extinguishment of debt, before tax 9 Integration and other non-recurring M A costs, before tax 21 58 51 Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, before tax 229 246 312 Income tax expense (benefit) [1] (200) 34 (115) Core earnings 2,492 2,178 2,086 
 [1]Primarily represents the federal income tax expense (benefit) related to before tax items not included in core earnings. 
 Core Earnings Margin- The Hartford uses the non-GAAP measure core earnings margin to evaluate, and believes it is an important measure of, the Group Benefits segment's operating performance. Core earnings margin is calculated by dividing core earnings by revenues, excluding buyouts and realized gains (losses). Net income margin, calculated by dividing net income by revenues, is the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. The Company believes that core earnings margin provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of Group Benefits because it reveals trends in the business that may be obscured by the effect of buyouts and realized gains (losses) as well as other items excluded in the calculation of core earnings. Core earnings margin should not be considered as a substitute for net income margin and does not reflect the overall profitability of Group Benefits. Therefore, the Company believes it is important for investors to evaluate both core earnings margin and net income margin when reviewing performance. A reconciliation of net income margin to core earnings margin is set forth in the Results of Operations section within MD A - Group Benefits. 
 Current Accident Year Catastrophe Ratio- A component of the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio, represents the ratio of catastrophe losses incurred in the current accident year (net of reinsurance) to earned premiums. For U.S. events, a catastrophe is an event that causes 25 or more in industry insured property losses and affects a significant number of property and casualty policyholders and insurers, as defined by the Property Claim Services office of Verisk. For international events, the Company's approach is similar, informed, in part, by how Lloyd's of London defines major losses. Lloyd's of London is an insurance market-place operating worldwide ("Lloyd's"). Lloyd's does not underwrite risks. The Company accepts risks as the sole member of Lloyd's Syndicate 1221 ("Lloyd's Syndicate"). The current accident year catastrophe ratio includes the effect of catastrophe losses, but does not include the effect of reinstatement premiums. 
 Expense Ratio- For Commercial Lines and Personal Lines is the ratio of underwriting expenses less fee income, to earned premiums. Underwriting expenses include the amortization of 

deferred policy acquisition costs ("DAC") and insurance operating costs and other expenses, including certain centralized services costs and bad debt expense. DAC includes commissions, taxes, licenses and fees and other incremental direct underwriting expenses and are amortized over the policy term. 
 The expense ratio for Group Benefits is expressed as the ratio of insurance operating costs and other expenses including amortization of intangibles and amortization of DAC, to premiums and other considerations, excluding buyout premiums. 
 The expense ratio for Commercial Lines, Personal Lines and Group Benefits does not include integration and other transaction costs associated with an acquired business. 
 Fee Income- Is largely driven from amounts earned as a result of contractually defined percentages of assets under management in our Hartford Funds business. These fees are generally earned on a daily basis. Therefore, this fee income increases or decreases with the rise or fall in AUM whether caused by changes in the market or through net flows. 
 Gross New Business Premium- Represents the amount of premiums charged, before ceded reinsurance, for policies issued to customers who were not insured with the Company in the previous policy term. Gross new business premium plus gross renewal written premium less ceded reinsurance equals total written premium. 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Ratio- A measure of the cost of claims incurred in the calendar year divided by earned premium and includes losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred for both the current and prior accident years. Among other factors, the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio needed for the Company to achieve its targeted return on equity ("ROE") fluctuates from year to year based on changes in the expected investment yield over the claim settlement period, the timing of expected claim settlements and the targeted returns set by management based on the competitive environment. 

38 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The loss and loss adjustment expense ratio is affected by claim frequency and claim severity, particularly for shorter-tail property lines of business, where the emergence of claim frequency and severity is credible and likely indicative of ultimate losses. Claim frequency represents the percentage change in the average number of reported claims per unit of exposure in the current accident year compared to that of the previous accident year. Claim severity represents the percentage change in the estimated average cost per claim in the current accident year compared to that of the previous accident year. As one of the factors used to determine pricing, the Company s practice is to first make an overall assumption about claim frequency and severity for a given line of business and then, as part of the rate-making process, adjust the assumption as appropriate for the particular state, product or coverage. 
 Current Accident Year Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Ratio Before Catastrophes- A measure of the cost of non-catastrophe loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred in the current accident year divided by earned premiums. Management believes that the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio before catastrophes is a performance measure that is useful to investors as it removes the impact of volatile and unpredictable catastrophe losses and prior accident year development. 
 Loss Ratio, excluding Buyouts- Utilized for the Group Benefits segment and is expressed as a ratio of benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses, excluding those related to buyout premiums, to premiums and other considerations, excluding buyout premiums. Since Group Benefits occasionally buys a block of claims for a stated premium amount, the Company excludes this buyout from the loss ratio used for evaluating the profitability of the business as buyouts may distort the loss ratio. Buyout premiums represent takeover of open claim liabilities and other non-recurring premium amounts. 
 Mutual Fund and Exchange-Traded Fund Assets- Are owned by the shareowners of those products and not by the Company and, therefore, are not reflected in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, except in instances where the Company seeds new investment products. 
 Mutual fund and ETF assets are a measure used by the Company primarily because a significant portion of the Company s Hartford Funds segment revenues and expenses are based upon asset values. These revenues and expenses increase or decrease with a rise or fall in AUM whether caused by changes in the market or through net flows. 
 Net New Business Premium- Represents the amount of premiums charged, after ceded reinsurance, for policies issued to customers who were not insured with the Company in the previous policy term. Net new business premium plus renewal written premium equals total written premium. 
 Policy Count Retention- Represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued in the previous calendar period before considering policies cancelled subsequent to renewal. Policy count retention is affected by a number of factors, including the percentage of renewal policy quotes accepted and decisions by the Company to non-renew policies because of specific policy underwriting concerns or because of a decision to reduce premium writings in certain 

classes of business or states. Policy count retention is also affected by advertising and rate actions taken by competitors. 
 Policies in Force- Represents the number of policies with coverage in effect as of the end of the period. The number of policies in force is a growth measure used for Personal Lines and standard commercial lines (small commercial and middle market lines within middle large commercial) and is affected by both new business growth and policy count retention. 
 Policyholder Dividend Ratio- The ratio of policyholder dividends to earned premium. 
 Prior Accident Year Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Ratio- Represents the increase (decrease) in the estimated cost of settling catastrophe and non-catastrophe claims incurred in prior accident years as recorded in the current calendar year divided by earned premiums. 
 Reinstatement Premiums- Represents additional ceded premium paid for the reinstatement of the amount of reinsurance coverage that was reduced as a result of the Company ceding losses to reinsurers. 
 Renewal Earned Price Increase (Decrease)- Written premiums are earned over the policy term, which is six months for certain Personal Lines automobile business and twelve months for substantially all of the remainder of the Company s Property and Casualty ("P C") business. Since the Company earns premiums over the six to twelve month term of the policies, renewal earned price increases (decreases) lag renewal written price increases (decreases) by six to twelve months. 
 Renewal Written Price Increase (Decrease)- For Commercial Lines, represents the combined effect of rate changes, and individual risk pricing decisions per unit of exposure on policies that renewed and includes amount of insurance. For Personal Lines, renewal written price increases represent the total change in premium per policy since the prior year on those policies that renewed and includes the combined effect of rate changes, amount of insurance and other changes in exposure. For Personal Lines, other changes in exposure include, but are not limited to, the effect of changes in number of drivers, vehicles and incidents, as well as changes in customer policy elections, such as deductibles and limits. The rate component represents the change in rate impacting renewal policies as previously filed with and approved by state regulators during the period. Amount of insurance represents the change in the value of the rating base, such as model year/vehicle symbol for automobiles, building replacement costs for property and wage inflation for workers compensation. A number of factors affect renewal written price increases (decreases) including expected loss costs as projected by the Company s pricing actuaries, rate filings approved by state regulators, risk selection decisions made by the Company s underwriters and marketplace competition. Renewal written price changes reflect the property and casualty insurance market cycle. Prices tend to increase for a particular line of business when insurance carriers have incurred significant losses in that line of business in the recent past or the industry as a whole commits less of its capital to writing exposures in that line of business. Prices tend to decrease when recent loss experience has been favorable or when competition among insurance carriers increases. Renewal 

39 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 written price statistics are subject to change from period to period, based on a number of factors, including changes in actuarial estimates and the effect of subsequent cancellations and non-renewals, and modifications made to better reflect ultimate pricing achieved. 
 Return on Assets ("ROA"), Core Earnings- The Company uses this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate, and believes is an important measure of, the Hartford Funds segment s operating performance. ROA, core earnings is calculated by dividing annualized core earnings by a daily average AUM. ROA is the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. The Company believes that ROA, core earnings, provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the Hartford Funds segment because it reveals trends in our business that may be obscured by the effect of items excluded in the calculation of core earnings. ROA, core earnings, should not be considered as a substitute for ROA and does not reflect the overall profitability of our Hartford Funds business. Therefore, the Company believes it is important for investors to evaluate both ROA, and ROA, core earnings when reviewing the Hartford Funds segment performance. A reconciliation of ROA to ROA, core earnings is set forth in the Results of Operations section within MD A - Hartford Funds. 
 Underlying Combined Ratio- This non-GAAP financial measure of underwriting results represents the combined ratio before catastrophes, prior accident year development and current accident year change in loss reserves upon acquisition of a business. Combined ratio is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. The Company believes this ratio is an important measure of the trend in profitability since it removes 

the impact of volatile and unpredictable catastrophe losses and prior accident year loss and loss adjustment expense reserve development. The changes to loss reserves upon acquisition of a business are excluded from underlying combined ratio because such changes could obscure the ability to compare results in periods after the acquisition to results of periods prior to the acquisition as such trends are valuable to our investors' ability to assess the Company's financial performance. A reconciliation of combined ratio to underlying combined ratio is set forth in the Results of Operations section within MD A - Commercial Lines and Personal Lines. 
 Underwriting Gain (Loss)- The Hartford's management evaluates profitability of the Commercial and Personal Lines segments primarily on the basis of underwriting gain or loss. Underwriting gain (loss) is a before tax non-GAAP measure that represents earned premiums less incurred losses, loss adjustment expenses and underwriting expenses. Net income (loss) is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Underwriting gain (loss) is influenced significantly by earned premium growth and the adequacy of The Hartford's pricing. Underwriting profitability over time is also greatly influenced by The Hartford's underwriting discipline, as management strives to manage exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification, effective management of claims, use of reinsurance and its ability to manage its expenses. The Hartford believes that underwriting gain (loss) provides investors with a valuable measure of profitability, before tax, derived from underwriting activities, which are managed separately from the Company's investing activities. 

40 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Reconciliation of Net Income to Underwriting Gain (Loss) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Commercial Lines Net income 1,624 1,757 856 Adjustments to reconcile net income to underwriting gain (loss): Net investment income (1,415) (1,502) (1,160) Net realized losses (gains) 385 (260) 60 Other expense 12 5 31 Income tax expense 426 402 176 Underwriting gain (loss) 1,032 402 (37) Personal Lines Net income 91 385 718 Adjustments to reconcile net income to underwriting gain (loss): Net investment income (140) (157) (157) Net realized losses (gains) 35 (29) 5 Net servicing and other expense (income) (17) (19) (13) Income tax expense 22 95 184 Underwriting gain (loss) (9) 275 737 P C Other Ops Net loss (190) (95) (168) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to underwriting loss: Net investment income (63) (75) (55) Net realized losses (gains) 16 (13) 1 Other expense (income) 1 (1) Income tax benefit (52) (28) (46) Underwriting loss (289) (210) (269) 
 Written and Earned Premiums- Written premium represents the amount of premiums charged for policies issued, net of reinsurance, during a fiscal period. Premiums are considered earned and are included in the financial results on a pro rata basis over the policy period. Management believes that written premium is a performance measure that is useful to investors as it reflects current trends in the Company s sale of property and casualty insurance products. Written and earned premium are recorded net of ceded reinsurance premium. 
 Traditional life and disability insurance type products, such as those sold by Group Benefits, collect premiums from policyholders in exchange for financial protection for the policyholder from a specified insurable loss, such as death or disability. These premiums, together with net investment income earned, are used to pay the contractual obligations under these insurance contracts. 
 Two major factors, new sales and persistency, impact premium growth. Sales can increase or decrease in a given year based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, customer demand for the Company s product offerings, pricing competition, distribution channels and the Company s reputation and ratings. Persistency refers to the percentage of premium remaining in-force from year-to-year. 

THE HARTFORD'S OPERATIONS 
 The Hartford conducts business principally in five reporting segments including Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Property Casualty Other Operations, Group Benefits and Hartford Funds, as well as a Corporate category. The Company includes in the Corporate category reserves for run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreement liabilities, restructuring costs, capital raising activities (including equity financing, debt financing and related interest expense), transaction expenses incurred in connection with an acquisition, certain M A costs, purchase accounting adjustments related to goodwill and other expenses not allocated to the reporting segments. Corporate also includes investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of a portion of the invested assets of Talcott Resolution Life, Inc. and its subsidiaries as well as certain of Talcott's affiliates. In addition, up until June 30, 2021, Corporate included a 9.7 ownership interest in Hopmeadow Holdings LP, the legal entity that acquired Talcott Resolution in May 2018 (Hopmeadow Holdings, LP, Talcott Resolution Life Inc., and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as "Talcott Resolution"). The sale of Talcott Resolution to a new investor 

41 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 was completed on June 30, 2021. The Company received a total of 217 in connection with the sale of its 9.7 ownership interest, resulting in a realized gain of 46 before tax in 2021. 
 The Company derives its revenues principally from: (a) premiums earned for insurance coverage provided to insureds; (b) management fees on mutual fund and ETF assets; (c) net investment income; (d) fees earned for services provided to third parties; and (e) net realized gains and losses. Premiums charged for insurance coverage are earned principally on a pro rata basis over the terms of the related policies in-force. 
 The profitability of the Company's property and casualty insurance businesses over time is greatly influenced by the Company s underwriting discipline, which seeks to manage exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification, its management of claims, its use of reinsurance, the size of its in force block, making reliable estimates of actual mortality and morbidity, and its ability to manage its expense ratio which it accomplishes through economies of scale and its management of acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses. Pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes, proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability to project future loss cost frequency and severity based on historical loss experience adjusted for known trends, the Company s response to rate actions taken by competitors, its expense levels and expectations about regulatory and legal developments. The Company seeks to price its insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will cover underwriting expenses and the ultimate cost of paying claims reported on the policies and provide for a profit margin. For many of its insurance products, the Company is required to obtain approval for its premium rates from state insurance departments and the Lloyd's Syndicate's ability to write business is subject to Lloyd's approval for its premium capacity each year. Most of Personal Lines written premium is associated with our exclusive licensing agreement with AARP, which is effective through December 31, 2032. This agreement provides an important competitive advantage given the size of the 50 plus population and the strength of the AARP brand. 
 Similar to property and casualty, profitability of the group benefits business depends, in large part, on the ability to evaluate and price risks appropriately and make reliable estimates of mortality, morbidity, disability and longevity. To manage the pricing risk, Group Benefits generally offers term insurance policies, allowing for the adjustment of rates or policy terms in order to minimize the adverse effect of market trends, loss costs, declining interest rates and other factors. However, as policies are typically sold with rate guarantees an average of three years, pricing for the Company s products could prove to be inadequate if loss and expense trends emerge adversely during the rate guarantee period or if investment returns are lower than expected at the time the products were sold. For 

some of its products, the Company is required to obtain approval for its premium rates from state insurance departments. New and renewal business for group benefits business, particularly for long-term disability ("LTD"), are priced using an assumption about expected investment yields over time. While the Company employs asset-liability duration matching strategies to mitigate risk and may use interest-rate sensitive derivatives to hedge its exposure in the Group Benefits investment portfolio, cash flow patterns related to the payment of benefits and claims are uncertain and actual investment yields could differ significantly from expected investment yields, affecting profitability of the business. In addition to appropriately evaluating and pricing risks, the profitability of the Group Benefits business depends on other factors, including the Company s response to pricing decisions and other actions taken by competitors, its ability to offer voluntary products and self-service capabilities, the persistency of its sold business and its ability to manage its expenses which it seeks to achieve through economies of scale and operating efficiencies. 
 The financial results of the Company s mutual fund and ETF businesses depend largely on the amount of assets under management and the level of fees charged based, in part, on asset share class and fund type. Changes in assets under management are driven by the two main factors of net flows and the market return of the funds, which are heavily influenced by the return realized in the equity and bond markets. Net flows are comprised of new sales less redemptions by mutual fund and ETF shareowners. Financial results are highly correlated to the growth in assets under management since these funds generally earn fee income on a daily basis. 
 The investment return, or yield, on invested assets is an important element of the Company s earnings since insurance products are priced with the assumption that premiums received can be invested for a period of time before benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses are paid. Due to the need to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy claim obligations, the majority of the Company s invested assets have been held in available-for-sale ("AFS") securities, including, among other asset classes, corporate bonds, municipal bonds, government debt, short-term debt, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations ("CLO"). The Company also invests in commercial mortgage loans as well as limited partnerships and alternative investments, which are private investments that are less liquid, but have the potential to generate higher returns. The primary investment objective for the Company is to maximize economic value, consistent with acceptable risk parameters, including the management of credit risk and interest rate sensitivity of invested assets, while generating sufficient net of tax income to meet policyholder and corporate obligations. Investment strategies are developed based on a variety of factors including business needs, regulatory requirements and tax considerations. 

42 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Impact of Ukraine conflict on our results of operations 
 From the Ukraine conflict, the Company incurred 27 of catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, in 2022, all in the first quarter, that included exposures under political violence and terrorism (" PV T ") policies, including aviation war, as well as under credit and political risk insurance ("CPRI") policies. Also in the first quarter of 2022, the Company recognized provisions for reinstatement premium of 11 as a result of estimated ceded incurred losses related to the conflict. 
 A s of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any investments in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. 
 For a discussion of the risks associated with a deterioration in global economic conditions and/or geopolitical conditions, including due to military action, please see Part 1, Item 1A - Risk Factors, including one entitled Unfavorable economic, political and global market conditions may adversely impact our business and results of operations and another entitled We are vulnerable to losses from catastrophes, both natural and man-made . 
 Operational transformation and cost reduction plan 
 In recognition of the need to become more cost efficient and competitive along with enhancing the experience we provide to 

agents and customers, on July 30, 2020, the Company announced an operational transformation and cost reduction plan it refers to as Hartford Next.Through reduction of its headcount, Information Technology ("IT") investments to further enhance our capabilities, and other activities, relative to 2019, the Company expects to achieve a reduction in annual insurance operating costs and other expenses of approximately 625 in 2023. 
 To achieve those expected savings, we expect to incur approximately 387 over the course of the program, with 288 expensed cumulatively through December 31, 2022, and expected expenses of 38 in 2023, and 61 after 2023, with the expenses after 2023 consisting mostly of amortization of internal use software and capitalized real estate costs. Included in the estimated costs of 387, we expect to incur restructuring costs of approximately 125, including 41 of employee severance, and approximately 84 of other costs, including consulting expenses, lease termination expenses and the cost to retire certain IT applications. Restructuring costs are reported as a charge to net income but not in core earnings. 
 The following table presents Hartford Next program costs incurred, including restructuring costs, and expense savings relative to 2019 realized in 2020, 2021 and 2022 and expected annual costs and expense savings relative to 2019 for the full year in 2023: 

Hartford Next Costs and Expense Savings 
 2020 2021 2022 Estimate for 2023 Employee severance 73 (25) (7) IT costs to retire applications 2 9 8 5 Professional fees and other expenses 29 17 12 2 Estimated restructuring costs 104 1 13 7 Non-capitalized IT costs 30 46 43 15 Other costs 19 17 11 6 Amortization of capitalized IT development costs [1] 3 9 Amortization of capitalized real estate [2] 1 1 Estimated costs within core earnings 49 63 58 31 Total Hartford Next program costs 153 64 71 38 Cumulative savings relative to 2019 beginning July 1, 2020 (106) (423) (561) (625) Net expense (savings) before tax 47 (359) (490) (587) Net expense (savings) before tax: To be accounted for within core earnings (57) (360) (503) (594) Restructuring costs recognized outside of core earnings 104 1 13 7 Net expense (savings) before tax 47 (359) (490) (587) 
 [1]Does not include approximately 44 of IT asset amortization after 2023. 
 [2]Does not include approximately 13 of real estate amortization after 2023. 

43 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 2022 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 Net Income Available to Common Stockholders Net Income Available to Common Stockholders per Diluted Share Book Value per Diluted Share 
 
 Decreased 550 or 23 Decreased 1.18 or 18 Decreased 9.83 or 19 - A change to net realized losses 
 - Decrease in net income available to common stockholders - Decrease in common stockholders' equity largely due to a decrease in AOCI, primarily driven by a change from net unrealized gains to net unrealized losses on available for sale securities - Lower net investment income driven by lower income from limited partnerships 
 + Reduction in outstanding shares due to share repurchases 
 - Higher current accident year loss ratio before catastrophes in Personal Lines 
 - Dilutive effect of share repurchases - Greater P C underwriting expenses and Group Benefits insurance operating costs and other expenses + Net income in excess of common stockholder dividends 
 - Higher group life loss ratio, excluding the impact of excess mortality 
 + In Group Benefits, lower excess mortality claims and the effect of higher premiums 
 + In Commercial Lines, the effect of higher earned premiums 
 + Lower unfavorable P C prior accident year reserve development 

Investment Yield, After Tax Property Casualty Combined Ratio Group Benefits Net Income Margin 
 
 Decreased 30 bps Improved 1.7 points Increased 1.1 points - Lower returns on limited partnerships and other alternative investments - Lower level of unfavorable prior accident year reserve development + Lower excess mortality in group life + Higher fully insured ongoing premiums - Lower return on equity fund investments - Lower catastrophe losses - A change to net realized losses + A higher yield on fixed maturity securities due to an increased yield on variable-rate securities and reinvesting at higher rates - A lower expense ratio driven, in part, by higher earned premium - Lower net investment income driven by lower income from limited partnerships + Higher personal automobile and homeowners loss costs - A higher group life loss ratio excluding the impact of excess mortality + In Commercial Lines, higher non-catastrophe property losses, partially offset by margin improvement in global specialty - Higher insurance operating costs and other expenses 
 44 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Consolidated Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes as well as with the segment operating results sections of the MD A. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Earned premiums 19,390 17,999 17,288 8 4 Fee income 1,349 1,488 1,277 (9 17 Net investment income 2,177 2,313 1,846 (6 25 Net realized gains (losses) (627) 509 (14) NM NM Other revenues 73 81 126 (10 (36 Total revenues 22,362 22,390 20,523 9 Benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses 13,142 12,729 11,805 3 8 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 1,835 1,680 1,706 9 (2 Insurance operating costs and other expenses 4,830 4,779 4,480 1 7 Interest expense 213 234 236 (9 (1 Amortization of other intangible assets 71 71 72 (1 Restructuring and other costs 13 1 104 NM (99 Total benefits, losses and expenses 20,104 19,494 18,403 3 6 Income before income taxes 2,258 2,896 2,120 (22 37 Income tax expense 443 531 383 (17 39 Net income 1,815 2,365 1,737 (23 36 Preferred stock dividends 21 21 21 Net income available to common stockholders 1,794 2,344 1,716 (23 37 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net income available to common stockholders decreased by 550 primarily driven by: 
 A 1.1 billion, before tax, change to net realized losses in the 2022 period from net realized gains in the 2021 period, primarily driven by depreciation in value of equity securities in the 2022 period compared to appreciation in the 2021 period, as well as a net loss on sales of fixed maturity securities and equities in 2022 compared to a net gain on sales in 2021; 
 Lower net investment income, driven by lower returns on limited partnerships and other alternative investments and equity fund investments, partially offset by the impact of higher interest rates on fixed income investments, and 
 Lower earnings from Hartford Funds. 
 This decrease was partially offset by: 
 An increase in P C underwriting results of 267, before tax, driven by the effect of Commercial Lines earned premium 

growth, a lower level of unfavorable prior accident year reserve development and a decrease in COVID-19 losses in Commercial Lines in 2021, partially offset by a higher current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ("LAE") ratio before catastrophes in Personal Lines and higher underwriting expenses; 
 In Group Benefits, lower losses from excess mortality claims of 423, before tax, and the effect of higher fully insured ongoing premiums was partially offset by a higher loss ratio on accidental death business and an increase in expense reserves, as well as an increase in insurance operating costs and other expenses; 
 Legal and consulting costs in the 2021 period associated with the unsolicited proposals from Chubb Limited to acquire the Company; and 
 A lower level of interest expense on corporate debt. 
 For a discussion of the Company's operating results by segment, see MD A - Segment Operating Summaries. 

45 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Revenue 
 Earned Premiums 
 
 [1] For the year ended 2020, the total includes 9 recorded in Corporate other revenue. 
 Earned premiums increased primarily due to: 
 An increase in P C driven by an 11 increase in Commercial Lines while Personal Lines was relatively flat. 
 Contributing to the increase in Commercial Lines was higher policy count retention, earned pricing increases, an increase in small commercial new business, and the effect of higher audit and endorsement premiums as a result of higher insured exposures, principally in workers compensation, partially offset by lower new business in global specialty. 
 For Personal Lines, earned premium was relatively flat as non-renewals offset an increase in new business and the effect of earned pricing increases. 
 An increase in Group Benefits earned premium of 7 due to an increase in group disability and supplemental health product premiums. 
 Fee income decreased, driven by lower daily average assets under management within Hartford Funds due to a decline in equity and fixed income market levels and, to a lesser extent, net outflows over the preceding twelve months. 

Net Investment Income 
 
 Net investment income decreased primarily due to: 
 Lower income from limited partnerships and other alternative investments driven by lower returns on private equity funds, partially offset by higher real estate joint venture and fund income; 
 A decline in valuation of equity fund investments in the 2022 period due to the decline in equity market levels and fewer distributions; 
 Partially offset by the impact of a higher yield on variable-rate securities and reinvesting at higher rates. 
 Net realized gains (losses) changed to a net realized loss in the 2022 period from a net realized gain in the 2021 period, primarily driven by: 
 Losses on equity securities in the 2022 period driven by depreciation in value and sales compared to gains on equity securities in the 2021 period due to appreciation in value and sales; and 
 Net realized losses on sales of fixed maturity securities in 2022, driven by an increase in interest rates and credit spread widening. 
 For further discussion of investment results, see MD A - Investment Results, Net Realized Gains and MD A - Investment Results, Net Investment Income. 

46 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Benefits, Losses and Expenses 
 P C Losses and LAE Incurred 
 
 Benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses increased due to: 
 An increase in incurred losses for Property Casualty of 503 which was driven by: 
 An increase in P C current accident year ("CAY") loss and loss adjustment expenses before catastrophes of 681, before tax, primarily due to the effect of higher earned premiums in Commercial Lines, higher personal automobile claim frequency and severity, and higher non-catastrophe property losses, partially offset by lower current accident year loss ratios in global specialty and lower COVID-19 incurred losses. 
 Partially offsetting this was a favorable change of 163, before tax, in P C net prior accident year reserve development, with development in the 2022 period of a net unfavorable 36, before tax, and in the 2021 period of a net unfavorable 199 before tax. Among other reserve changes, prior year reserve development included adverse development ceded to NICO under adverse development covers ADC of 229, before tax, in 2022 related to A E and 246, before tax, in 2021 of which 155 related to A E and 91 related to Navigators reserves for accident years 2018 and prior. For reserve development ceded to NICO in each year, the Company recognized a deferred gain under retroactive reinsurance accounting. Apart from adverse development ceded to the ADCs, there was an increase in net favorable reserve development as the 2021 period included reserve increases for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, primarily to reflect claims made against the Boy Scouts of America ("BSA"). Compared to 2021, prior accident year reserve 

Group Benefits Losses and LAE Incurred 
 
 development in 2022 included less favorable reserve development for catastrophes, personal automobile liability and package business. For further discussion, see Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Also partially offsetting was a decrease in current accident year catastrophe losses of 15, before tax. Catastrophe losses in the 2022 period included losses from Hurricane Ian, as well as tornado, wind and hail events in the Northern Plains, Midwest, South, Mountain West, and Great Plains, losses from winter storms, including Winter Storm Elliott, and 27 of losses, net of reinsurance, related to the Ukraine conflict. Catastrophe losses in the 2021 period were principally from Hurricane Ida and February winter storms, as well as from tornado, wind and hail events in Texas, the Midwest and Southeast. 
 Partially offsetting the P C increase was a decline in Group Benefits of 92, before tax, primarily driven by a 423, before tax, decrease in excess mortality claims, partially offset by the effect of an increase in earned premiums, and a higher loss ratio excluding excess mortality for group life. 
 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs increased from the prior year period driven by Commercial Lines reflecting an increase in earned premiums across all commercial lines of business. 
 Insurance operating costs and other expenses increased due to: 
 Technology investments made to improve customer and broker experience and to data analytics to enhance underwriting and pricing capabilities; 

47 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 An increase in performance-based commissions in Commercial Lines; 
 Higher staffing costs in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits partly in response to higher business volume; and 
 Lower doubtful accounts expense in the 2021 period. 
 These increases were partially offset by: 
 Lower variable expenses in Hartford Funds; 
 Incremental savings from the Company s Hartford Next operational transformation and cost reduction plan; and 
 Lower direct marketing costs in Personal Lines. 
 Restructuring and other costs increased as the prior year period included reductions in estimated severance costs related to the Company's Hartford Next operational transformation and cost reduction plan. For further discussion of 

impacts resulting from the Hartford Next initiative, see MD A - The Hartford's Operations, The Hartford's Operations, Operational Transformation and Cost Reduction Plan and Note 22 - Restructuring and Other Costs of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Interest Expense decreased primarily due to the Company redeeming 600 aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated debentures on April 15, 2022, partially offset by the issuance of 600 in 2.9 senior notes in September 2021. For further discussion of the debt redemption, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income tax expense decreased primarily due to a decline in income before tax. For further discussion of income taxes, see Note 16 - Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

INVESTMENT RESULTS 
 Composition of Invested Assets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ("AFS"), at fair value 36,231 68.9 42,847 74.2 Fixed maturities, at fair value using the fair value option ("FVO") 333 0.6 160 0.3 Equity securities, at fair value 1,801 3.4 2,094 3.6 Mortgage loans (net of allowance for credit losses ("ACL") of 36 and 29) 6,000 11.4 5,383 9.3 Limited partnerships and other alternative investments 4,177 8.0 3,353 5.8 Other investments [1] 159 0.3 215 0.4 Short-term investments 3,859 7.4 3,697 6.4 Total investments 52,560 100.0 57,749 100.0 
 [1]Primarily consists of equity fund investments, overseas deposits, consolidated investment funds, and derivative instruments which are carried at fair value. 
 December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 Total investments decreased primarily due to a decline in fixed maturities, AFS, partially offset by increase in limited partnerships and other alternative investments and in mortgage loans. 
 Fixed maturities, AFS decreased primarily due to a decline in valuations due to higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. The decline was also due to the reinvestment of sales and maturities into other asset classes. 

Limited partnerships and other alternative investments increased primarily driven by additional investments and higher valuations. 
 Mortgage loans increased largely due to funding of multifamily and industrial commercial whole loans. 

48 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Net Investment Income For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Before tax) Amount Yield [1] Amount Yield [1] Amount Yield [1] Fixed maturities [2] 1,469 3.4 1,349 3.1 1,442 3.4 Equity securities 57 3.0 73 4.9 39 3.7 Mortgage loans 211 3.6 181 3.7 172 3.9 Limited partnerships and other alternative investments 515 14.4 732 31.8 222 12.3 Other [3] 5 58 42 Investment expense (80) (80) (71) Total net investment income 2,177 3.9 2,313 4.3 1,846 3.6 Total net investment income excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments 
 1,662 3.2 1,581 3.1 1,624 3.3 
 [1] Yields calculated using annualized net investment income divided by the monthly average invested assets at amortized cost, as applicable, excluding repurchase agreement and securities lending collateral, if any, and derivatives book value. 
 [2] Includes net investment income on short-term investments. 
 [3] Primarily includes changes in fair value of certain equity fund investments and income from derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting and are used to hedge fixed maturities. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Total net investment income declined due to: 
 Lower income from limited partnerships and other alternative investments driven by lower returns on private equity funds, partially offset by greater income from sales of underlying real estate properties and higher real estate fund valuations; 
 A decline in valuation of equity fund investments in the 2022 period due to the decline in equity market levels and fewer distributions; 
 Partially offset by a higher yield on variable-rate securities and the impact of reinvesting at higher rates. 
 Annualized net investment income yield, excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments, was up primarily due to a higher yield on variable-rate securities and higher reinvestment rates, partially offset by lower returns on equity fund investments in the 2022 period. 

Average reinvestment rate, on fixed maturities and mortgage loans, excluding certain U.S. Treasury securities, for the year-ended December 31, 2022 was 4.4 which was above the average yield of sales and maturities of 3.6 for the same period. Average reinvestment rate, on fixed maturities and mortgage loans, excluding certain U.S. Treasury securities, for the year-ended December 31, 2021, was 2.6 which was below the average yield of sales and maturities of 3.0 . 
 For the 2023 calendar year, we expect the annualized net investment income yield, excluding limited partnerships and other alternative investments, to be above the portfolio yield earned in 2022 due to the higher rate environment. The estimated impact on annualized net investment income yield is subject to variability due to evolving market conditions, active portfolio management, and the level of non-routine income items, such as make-whole payments, prepayment penalties on mortgage loans and yield adjustments on prepayable securities. 

49 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Net Realized Gains (Losses) For the years ended December 31, (Before tax) 2022 2021 2020 Gross gains on sales of fixed maturities 
 57 319 255 Gross losses on sales of fixed maturities 
 (315) (89) (50) Equity securities [1] (349) 227 (214) Net credit losses on fixed maturities, AFS [2] (18) 4 (28) Change in ACL on mortgage loans [3] (7) 9 (19) Intent-to-sell impairments [2] (6) (5) Other, net [4] 11 39 47 Net realized gains (losses) (627) 509 (14) 
 [1] The change in net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities still held as of the end of the period and included in net realized gains (losses) were (108), 155, and 53 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 [2] See Credit Losses on Fixed Maturities, AFS and Intent-to-Sell Impairments within the Investment Portfolio Risks and Risk Management section of the MD A. 
 [3] See ACL on Mortgage Loans within the Investment Portfolio Risks and Risk Management section of the MD A. 
 [4] Includes gains (losses) on non-qualifying derivatives for 2022, 2021, and 2020 of 46, 12, and 104, respectively, and gains (losses) from transactional foreign currency revaluation of 28, (1) and (1), respectively. Also includes a loss of 21 and 48, respectively, on the sale of Continental Europe Operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as a gain of 46 for the year ended December 31, 2021 on the sale of the Company's previously owned interest in Talcott Resolution. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Gross gains and losses on sales were primarily due to sales of U.S. treasuries, which were used to manage duration and liquidity, and to fund purchases of spread product, mortgage loans, and alternative investments. Also included were sales of corporate securities and tax-exempt municipals and tender activity. 
 Equity securities net losses were primarily driven by depreciation in value due to the decline in the equity market. 
 Other, net gains include gains of 28 on transactional foreign currency revaluation and 25 on interest rate derivatives driven by an increase in interest rates. These gains were partially offset by losses of 28 on FVO securities due to credit spread widening. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Gross gains and losses on sales were primarily due to net sales of corporate securities and tax-exempt municipals, in addition to sales of U.S. treasuries for duration and risk management. 
 Equity securities net gains were primarily driven by appreciation in value due to higher equity market levels and gains realized on exit of private equity direct investments. 
 Other, net gains and losses included a gain of 46 on the sale of the Company's 9.7 retained interest in Talcott Resolution, sold on June 30, 2021, and a loss of 21 related to the sale of the Company's Continental Europe Operations, which was completed on December 29, 2021. Also included were gains of 7 on credit derivatives driven by a decrease in credit spreads. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ, and in the past have differed, from those estimates. 
 The Company has identified the following estimates as critical in that they involve a higher degree of judgment and are subject to a significant degree of variability: 
 property and casualty insurance product reserves, net of reinsurance; 
 group benefit LTD reserves, net of reinsurance; 
 evaluation of goodwill for impairment; 
 valuation of investments and derivative instruments including evaluation of credit losses on fixed maturities, AFS and ACL on mortgage loans; and 
 contingencies relating to corporate litigation and regulatory matters. 
 In developing these estimates management makes subjective and complex judgments that are inherently uncertain and subject to material change as facts and circumstances develop. Although variability is inherent in these estimates, management believes the amounts provided are appropriate based upon the facts available upon compilation of the financial statements. Certain of these estimates are particularly sensitive to market conditions, and deterioration and/or volatility in the worldwide debt or equity markets could have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

50 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

| PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE PRODUCT RESERVES, NET OF REINSURANCE 
 Loss and LAE Reserves, Net of Reinsurance as of December 31, 2022 
 Commercial Lines Personal Lines Property Casualty 
 Other Operations 
 Total Property 
 Casualty Insurance 
 Total Reserves-net Workers compensation 11,729 11,729 44.1 General liability 5,414 5,414 20.3 Marine 312 312 1.2 Package business [1] 2,129 2,129 8.0 Commercial property 585 585 2.2 Automobile liability 1,249 1,394 2,643 9.9 Automobile physical damage 17 48 65 0.2 Professional liability 1,316 1,316 4.9 Bond 452 452 1.7 Homeowners 374 374 1.4 Asbestos and environmental 96 9 390 495 1.9 Assumed reinsurance 414 89 503 1.9 All other 166 4 431 601 2.3 Total reserves-net 23,879 1,829 910 26,618 100.0 Reinsurance and other recoverables 4,574 28 1,863 6,465 Total reserves-gross 28,453 1,857 2,773 33,083 
 [1] Commercial Lines policy packages that include property and general liability coverages are generally referred to as the package line of business. 
 P C Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves, Net of Reinsurance, by Segment as of December 31, 2022 
 
 For descriptions of the coverages provided under the lines of business shown above, see Part I - Item1, Business. 

Overview of Reserving for Property and Casualty Insurance Claims 
 It typically takes many months or years to pay claims incurred under a property and casualty insurance product; accordingly, the Company must establish reserves at the time the loss is incurred. Most of the Company s policies provide for occurrence-based coverage where the loss is incurred when a claim event happens like an automobile accident, house or building fire or injury to an employee under a workers compensation policy. Some of the Company's policies, mostly for directors and officers insurance and errors and omissions insurance, are claims-made policies where the loss is incurred in the period the claim event is reported to the Company even if the loss event itself occurred in an earlier period. 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves provide for the estimated ultimate costs of paying claims under insurance policies written by the Company, less amounts paid to date. These reserves include estimates for both claims that have been reported and those that have not yet been reported, and include estimates of all expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. Case reserves are established by a claims handler on each individual claim and are adjusted as new information becomes known during the course of handling the claim. Incurred but not reported IBNR reserves represent the difference between the estimated ultimate cost of all claims and the actual loss and loss adjustment expenses reported to the Company by claimants to date reported losses ). Reported 

51 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 losses represent cumulative loss and loss adjustment expenses paid plus case reserves for outstanding reported claims. For most lines, Company actuaries evaluate the total reserves (IBNR and case reserves) on an accident year basis. An accident year is the calendar year in which a loss is incurred, or, in the case of claims-made policies, the calendar year in which a loss is reported. For certain lines acquired from the Navigators Group book of business, total reserves are evaluated on a policy year basis and then converted to accident year. A policy year is the calendar year in which a policy incepts. 
 Factors that Change Reserve Estimates- Reserve estimates can change over time because of unexpected changes in the external environment. Higher than expected inflation in claim costs, such as with medical care, hospital care, automobile parts, wages and home and building repair, would cause claims to settle for more than they are initially reserved. Changes in the economy can cause an increase or decrease in the number of reported claims (claim frequency). For example, an improving economy could result in more automobile miles driven and a higher number of automobile reported claims, or a change in economic conditions can lead to more or fewer workers compensation reported claims. An increase in the number or percentage of claims litigated can increase the average settlement amount per claim (claim severity). Changes in the judicial environment can affect interpretations of damages and how policy coverage applies which could increase or decrease claim severity. Over time, judges or juries in certain jurisdictions may be more inclined to determine liability and award damages. New legislation can also change how damages are defined or change the statutes of limitations for the filing of civil suits, resulting in greater claim frequency or severity. In addition, new types of injuries may arise from exposures not contemplated when the policies were written. Past examples include pharmaceutical products, silica, lead paint, sexual molestation and sexual abuse and construction defects. Additionally, social inflationary pressures, such as increased litigation funding and aggressive tactics by plaintiff attorneys, can introduce the risk of potentially increasing jury awards and an increase in the percentage of litigated claims impacting both general liability and automobile claim frequency and severity. 
 Reserve estimates can also change over time because of changes in internal Company operations. A delay or acceleration in handling claims may signal a need to increase or reduce reserves from what was initially estimated. New lines of business may have loss development patterns that are not well established. Changes in the geographic mix of business, changes in the mix of business by industry and changes in the mix of business by policy limit or deductible can increase the risk that losses will ultimately develop differently than the loss development patterns assumed in our reserving. In addition, changes in the quality of risk selection in underwriting and changes in interpretations of policy language could increase or decrease ultimate losses from what was assumed in establishing the reserves. 
 In the case of assumed reinsurance, all of the above risks apply. The Company assumes property and casualty risks from other insurance companies as part of its Global Re business and from certain pools and associations. Global Re, which is a part of the global specialty business, mostly assumes property, casualty and specialty risks. Changes in the case reserving and reporting patterns of insurance companies ceding to The Hartford can 

create additional uncertainty in estimating the reserves. Due to the inherent complexity of the assumptions used, final claim settlements may vary significantly from the present estimates of direct and assumed reserves, particularly when those settlements may not occur until well into the future. 
 Reinsurance Recoverables- Through both facultative and treaty reinsurance agreements, the Company cedes a share of the risks it has underwritten to other insurance companies. The Company records reinsurance recoverables for losses and loss adjustment expenses ceded to its reinsurers representing the anticipated recovery from reinsurers of unpaid claims, including IBNR. 
 The Company estimates the portion of losses and loss adjustment expenses to be ceded based on the terms of any applicable facultative and treaty reinsurance, including an estimate of IBNR for losses that will ultimately be ceded. 
 The Company provides an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, reflecting management s best estimate of reinsurance cessions that may be uncollectible in the future due to reinsurers unwillingness or inability to pay. The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance comprises an ACL and an allowance for disputed balances. The ACL primarily considers the credit quality of the Company's reinsurers while the allowance for disputes considers recent outcomes in arbitration and litigation in disputes between reinsurers and cedants and recent commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants that may signal how the Company s own reinsurance claims may settle. Where its reinsurance contracts permit, the Company secures reinsurance recoverables with various forms of collateral, including irrevocable letters of credit, secured trusts, funds held accounts and group-wide offsets. The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance was 102 as of December 31, 2022, comprised of 45 related to Commercial Lines, 1 related to Personal Lines and 56 related to Property Casualty Other Operations. 
 The Company s estimate of reinsurance recoverables, net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimate of the gross reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for direct and assumed exposures. 
 Review of Reserve Adequacy- The Hartford regularly reviews the appropriateness of reserve levels at the line of business or more detailed level, taking into consideration the variety of trends that impact the ultimate settlement of claims. For Property Casualty Other Operations, asbestos and environmental Run-off A E reserves are reviewed by type of event rather than by line of business. 
 Reserve adjustments, which may be material, are reflected in the operating results of the period in which the adjustment is determined to be necessary. In the judgment of management, information currently available has been properly considered in establishing the reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and in recording the reinsurance recoverables for ceded unpaid losses. 
 Reserving Methodology 
 The following is a discussion of the reserving methods used for the Company's property and casualty lines of business other than asbestos and environmental. 

52 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Reserves are set by line of business within the operating segments. A single line of business may be written in more than one segment. Lines of business for which reported losses emerge over a long period of time are referred to as long-tail lines of business. Lines of business for which reported losses emerge more quickly are referred to as short-tail lines of business. The Company s shortest-tail lines of business are homeowners, commercial property, marine property and automobile physical damage. The longest tail lines of business include workers compensation, general liability, professional liability and assumed reinsurance. For short-tail lines of business, emergence of paid losses and case reserves is credible and likely indicative of ultimate losses. For long-tail lines of business, emergence of paid losses and case reserves is less credible in the early periods after a given accident year and, accordingly, may not be indicative of ultimate losses. 
 Use of Actuarial Methods and Judgments- The Company s reserving actuaries regularly review reserves for both current and prior accident years using the most current claim data. A variety of actuarial methods and judgments are used for most lines of business to arrive at selections of estimated ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses. New methods may be added for specific lines over time to inform these selections where appropriate. The reserve selections incorporate input, as appropriate, from claims personnel, pricing actuaries and operating management about reported loss cost trends and other factors that could affect the reserve estimates. Some reserves are reviewed fully each quarter, including loss and loss adjustment expense reserves for homeowners, personal automobile, and workers compensation. Other reserves, including commercial automobile, commercial property, marine, package business, and most general liability and professional liability lines, are reviewed semi-annually. Certain additional reserves are also reviewed semi-annually or annually, including reserves for losses incurred in accident years older than twelve years for Personal Lines and older than twenty years for Commercial Lines, as well as reserves for bond, assumed reinsurance, latent exposures such as construction defects, and unallocated loss adjustment expenses. For reserves that are reviewed semi-annually or annually, management monitors the emergence of paid and reported losses in the intervening quarters and, if warranted, performs a reserve review to determine whether the reserve estimate should change. 
 An expected loss ratio "ELR" is used in initially recording the reserves for both short-tail and long-tail lines of business. This ELR is determined by starting with the average loss ratio of recent prior accident years and adjusting that ratio for the effect of expected changes to earned pricing, loss frequency and severity, mix of business, ceded reinsurance and other factors. For short-tail lines, IBNR for the current accident year is initially recorded as the product of the ELR for the period, earned premium for the period and the proportion of losses expected to be reported in future calendar periods for the current accident period. For long-tailed lines, IBNR for the current accident year 

is initially recorded as the product of the ELR for the period and the earned premium for the period, less reported losses for the period. 
 As losses emerge or develop in periods subsequent to a given accident year, reserving actuaries use other methods to estimate ultimate unpaid losses in addition to the ELR method. These primarily include paid and reported loss development methods, frequency/severity techniques and the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method (a combination of the ELR method with the paid development or reported development method). Within any one line of business, the methods that are given more weight vary based primarily on the maturity of the accident year, the mix of business and the particular internal and external influences impacting the claims experience or the methods. The output of the reserve reviews are reserve estimates representing a range of actuarial indications. 
 Reserve Discounting- Most of the Company s property and casualty insurance product reserves are not discounted. However, the Company has discounted liabilities funded through structured settlements and has discounted a portion of workers compensation reserves that have a fixed and determinable payment stream. For further discussion of these discounted liabilities, see Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Differences Between GAAP and Statutory Basis Reserves- As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, U.S. property and casualty insurance product reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance recoverables, reported under U.S. GAAP were lower than net reserves reported on a statutory basis, primarily due to reinsurance recoverables on two ceded retroactive reinsurance agreements that are recorded as a reduction of other liabilities under statutory accounting. One of the retroactive reinsurance agreements covers substantially all adverse development on asbestos and environmental reserves subsequent to 2016, up to a 1.5 billion limit, and the other covered adverse development on Navigators Insurers' existing net loss and allocated loss adjustment reserves as of December 31, 2018, up to a 300 limit. Under both agreements, the Company cedes to NICO, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. ("Berkshire"). 
 Reserving Methods by Line of Business- Apart from Run-off A E which is discussed in the following section on Property Casualty Other Operations, below is a general discussion of which reserving methods are preferred by line of business. Because the actuarial estimates are generated at a much finer level of detail than line of business (e.g., by distribution channel, coverage, accident period), other methods than those described for the line of business may also be employed for a coverage and accident year within a line of business. Also, as circumstances change, the methods that are given more weight will change. 

53 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Preferred Reserving Methods by Line of Business 
 Commercial property, homeowners and automobile physical damage These short-tailed lines are relatively fast-developing and paid and reported development techniques are used. These methods use historical data to generate paid and reported loss development patterns, which are then applied to cumulative paid and reported losses by accident period to estimate ultimate losses. In addition to paid and reported development methods, for the most immature accident months, the Company uses frequency/severity techniques and methods that incorporate the initial expected loss ratio ("ELR"). The advantage of frequency/severity techniques is that frequency estimates are generally more stable and external information can be used to supplement internal data in estimating average severity. In personal lines automobile physical damage, the Company also considers gross loss, salvage and subrogation estimates to project net ultimate losses for recent accident periods. Personal automobile liability For personal automobile liability, and bodily injury in particular, in addition to traditional paid and reported development methods, the Company relies on frequency/severity techniques and the initial ELR. The Company generally uses the reported development method for older accident years and a combination of reported development, frequency/severity and the initial ELR for more recent accident years. For older accident periods, reported losses are a good indicator of ultimate losses given the high percentage of ultimate losses reported to date. For more recent periods, where there is more uncertainty and a higher percentage of open and unreported claims, putting some reliance on frequency/severity and initial expectations is prudent. The Company supplements these standard actuarial methods with a comprehensive review of claims diagnostics such as attorney representation, litigation, settlement rates, large loss impacts, and case reserve adequacy. Through reviewing the standard actuarial methods and claims diagnostics, a loss estimate can be calculated that considers these results and the age of the accident year that is being estimated. Commercial automobile liability The Company performs a variety of techniques, including the paid and reported development methods and frequency/severity techniques. For older, more mature accident years, the Company primarily uses reported development techniques. For more recent accident years, the Company relies on several methods that incorporate ELR, reported loss development, paid loss development, frequency/severity, case reserve adequacy, and claim settlement rates. Professional liability Reported and paid loss development patterns for this line tend to be volatile. Therefore, the Company typically supplements the ELR method and paid and reported development methods with others such as individual claim reviews and frequency and severity techniques. General liability, bond and large deductible workers compensation For these long-tailed lines of business, the Company generally relies on the ELR and paid and reported development techniques. The Company generally weights these techniques together, relying more heavily on the ELR method at early ages of development and shifting more weight onto paid and reported development methods as an accident year matures. The Company also uses various frequency/severity methods aimed at capturing large loss development and in some bond lines individual claim reviews are used. Workers compensation Workers compensation is the Company s single largest reserve line of business and a wide range of methods are used. Due to the long-tailed nature of workers' compensation, the selection of methods is driven by ELR methods for recent accident years and then, as an accident year matures, shifting first to Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods, then to paid and reported development methods (with more reliance placed on paid methods), and finally to methods that are responsive to the inventory of open claims. Across these techniques, there are adjustments related to changes in emergence patterns across years, projections of future cost inflation, outlier claims, and analysis of larger states. Marine For marine liability, the Company generally relies on the ELR, Bornhuetter-Ferguson, and reported development techniques. The Company generally weights these techniques together, relying more heavily on the ELR method at early ages of development and then shifts towards Bornhuetter-Ferguson and then more towards the reported development method as an accident year matures. For marine property segments, the Company relies on Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods for early development ages then shifts to reported development techniques. Assumed reinsurance and all other Standard methods, such as ELR, Bornhuetter-Ferguson and reported development techniques are applied. These methods are informed by underlying treaty analyses supporting the ELRs, and cedant data will often inform the loss development patterns. In some instances, reserve indications may also be influenced by information gained from claims and underwriting audits. Policy quarter and policy year loss reserve estimates are then converted to an accident year basis. Allocated loss adjustment expenses ("ALAE") For some lines of business (e.g., professional liability, assumed reinsurance, and the acquired Navigators Group book of business), ALAE and losses are analyzed together. For most lines of business, however, ALAE is analyzed separately, using paid development techniques and a ratio of paid ALAE to paid loss applied to loss reserves to estimate unpaid ALAE. Unallocated loss adjustment expenses ("ULAE") ULAE is analyzed separately from loss and ALAE. For most lines of business, future ULAE costs to be paid are projected based on an expected claim handling cost per claim year, the anticipated claim closure pattern and the ratio of paid ULAE to paid loss applied to estimated unpaid losses. For some lines, a simplified paid-to-paid approach is used. 
 The recorded reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses represents the Company's best estimate of the ultimate settlement amount of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. In applying judgment, the best estimate is selected after considering the estimates derived from a number of actuarial methods, giving more weight to those methods deemed more predictive of ultimate unpaid losses and loss 

adjustment expenses. The Company does not produce a statistical range or confidence interval of reserve estimates and, since reserving methods with more credibility are given greater weight, the selected best estimate may differ from the mid-point of the various estimates produced by the actuarial methods used. 

54 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Assumptions used in arriving at the selected actuarial indications consider a number of factors, including the immaturity of emerged claims in recent accident years, emerging trends in the recent past, and the level of volatility within each line of business. 
 Adjustments to reserves for prior accident years are referred to as prior accident year development . Increases in previous estimates of ultimate loss costs are referred to as either an increase in prior accident year reserves or as unfavorable reserve development. Decreases in previous estimates of ultimate loss costs are referred to as either a decrease in prior accident year reserves or as favorable reserve development. Reserve development can influence the comparability of year over year underwriting results. 
 For a discussion of changes to reserve estimates recorded in 2022, see Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Current Trends Contributing to Reserve Uncertainty 
 The Hartford is a multi-line company in the property and casualty insurance business. The Hartford is, therefore, subject to reserve uncertainty stemming from changes in loss trends and other conditions which could become material at any point in time. As market conditions and loss trends develop, management must assess whether those conditions constitute a long-term trend that should result in a reserving action (i.e., increasing or decreasing reserves). 
 General liability- Within Commercial Lines and Property Casualty Other Operations, the Company has exposure to general liability claims, including from bodily injury, property damage and product liability. Reserves for these exposures can be particularly difficult to estimate due to the long development pattern and uncertainty about how cases will settle. In particular, the Company has exposure to bodily injury claims that arise from long-term or continuous exposure to harmful products or substances. Examples include, but are not limited to, pharmaceutical products, silica, talcum powder, per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS"), head injuries and lead paint. The Company also has exposure to claims from construction defects, where property damage or bodily injury from negligent construction is alleged. In addition, the Company has exposure to claims asserted against religious institutions, and other organizations, including the Boy Scouts of America ("BSA"), relating to sexual molestation and sexual abuse. For additional information related to the Company's settlement agreement with the Boy Scouts of America, see Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. State reviver statutes, extending statutes of limitations for certain sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, could result in additional litigation or could result in unexpected sexual molestation and sexual abuse losses. Such exposures may involve potentially long latency periods and may implicate coverage in multiple policy periods, which can raise complex coverage issues with significant effects on the ultimate scope of coverage. Such exposures may also be impacted by insured bankruptcies. These factors make reserves for such claims more uncertain than other bodily injury or property damage claims. With regard to these exposures, the Company monitors trends in litigation, the external environment including legislation, the similarities to other mass torts and the potential impact on the Company s 

reserves. The Company also monitors the effects of social inflation, and the impact of increased litigation funding and aggressive trial tactics by plaintiff attorneys, that can introduce the risk of potentially increasing jury awards and an increase in the percentage of litigated claims. Additionally, uncertainty in estimated claim severity causes reserve variability, including the effect of changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices. 
 Workers compensation- Included in both small commercial and middle large commercial, workers compensation is the Company s single biggest line of business, and the property and casualty line of business with the longest pattern of loss emergence. To the extent that patterns in the frequency of settlement payments deviate from historical patterns, loss reserve estimates would be less reliable. Medical costs make up approximately 50 of workers compensation payments. As such, reserve estimates for workers compensation are particularly sensitive to changes in medical inflation, the changing use of medical care procedures and changes in state legislative and regulatory environments. In addition, a deteriorating economic environment could reduce the ability of an injured worker to return to work and thus lengthen the time a worker receives disability benefits. In National Accounts, reserves for large deductible workers compensation insurance require estimating losses attributable to the deductible amount that will be paid by the insured; if such losses are not paid by the insured due to financial difficulties, the Company is contractually liable. 
 We have incurred COVID-19 workers' compensation claims partly due to laws or directives in certain states that require coverage of COVID-19 claims for health care and other essential workers based on a presumption that they contracted the virus while working. For these claims, we have provided IBNR at a higher percentage of ultimate estimated incurred losses than usual as we expect longer claim reporting patterns given the effects of COVID-19. 
 Commercial Lines automobile- Uncertainty in estimated claim severity causes reserve variability for commercial automobile losses including reserve variability due to changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices as well as due to changes in the external environment, including but not limited to the impacts of social inflation mentioned in the general liability section above. 
 Directors' and officers' insurance- Uncertainty regarding the number and severity of security class action suits can result in reserve volatility for directors' and officers' insurance claims. Additionally, the Company s exposure to losses under directors and officers insurance policies, both domestically and internationally, is primarily in excess layers, making estimates of loss more complex. 
 Personal Lines automobile- While claims emerge over relatively shorter periods, estimates can still vary due to a number of factors, including uncertain estimates of frequency and severity trends. Severity trends are affected by changes in internal claim handling and case reserving practices as well as by changes in the external environment, such as due to inflation in labor and materials because of supply chain disruptions affecting repair costs. Severity trends can also be impacted by social inflation whereby increased litigation funding and aggressive trial tactics by plaintiff attorneys can introduce the 

55 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 risk of potentially increasing jury awards and an increase in the percentage of litigated claims. Changes in claim practices increase the uncertainty in the interpretation of case reserve data, which increases the uncertainty in recorded reserve levels. Severity trends have increased in recent accident years, in part driven by more expensive parts associated with new automobile technology, causing additional uncertainty about the reliability of past patterns. In addition, the introduction of new products and class plans has led to a different mix of business by type of insured than the Company experienced in the past. Such changes in mix increase the uncertainty of the reserve projections since historical data and reporting patterns may not be applicable to the new business. More recently, the Company has experienced slower reporting patterns due to lengthened repair times and industry-wide delays, and higher replacement costs due to used vehicle prices and changes in driving behavior that led to a different mix of claims. 
 Assumed reinsurance- While pricing and reserving processes can be challenging and idiosyncratic for insurance companies, the inherent uncertainties of setting prices and estimating such reserves are even greater for the reinsurer. This is primarily due to the longer time between the date of an occurrence and the reporting of claims to the reinsurer, the diversity of development patterns among different types of reinsurance treaties or contracts, the necessary reliance on the ceding companies for information regarding reported claims and differing pricing and reserving practices among ceding companies. In addition, trends that have affected development of liabilities in the past may not necessarily occur or impact liability development in the same manner or to the same degree in the future. As a result, actual losses and LAE may deviate, perhaps substantially, from the expected estimates. 
 International business- In addition to several of the line-specific trends listed above, international business may have additional uncertainty due to geopolitical, foreign currency, and trade dispute risks. 
 Catastrophes- Within Commercial Lines and Personal Lines, the Company is exposed to losses from catastrophe events, primarily for damage to property. Reserves for hurricanes, tropical storms, tornado/hail, wildfires, earthquakes and other catastrophe events are subject to significant uncertainty about the number and average severity of claims arising from those events, particularly in cases where the event occurs near the end of a financial reporting period when there is limited information about the extent of damages. For example, after a catastrophe event, it may take a period of time before we are able to access the impacted areas limiting the ability of our claims adjusting staff to inspect losses, make estimates and determine the damages that are covered by the policy. To estimate catastrophe losses, we consider information from claim notices received to date, third party data, visual images of the affected area where we have exposures and our own historical experience of loss reporting patterns for similar events. 
 Impact of Key Assumptions on Reserves 
 As stated above, the Company s practice is to estimate reserves using a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements within its reserve estimation. The Company does not use statistical loss distributions or confidence levels in the process of 

determining its reserve estimate and, as a result, does not disclose reserve ranges. 
 Across most lines of business, the most important reserve assumptions are future loss development factors applied to paid or reported losses to date. The trend in loss cost frequency and severity is also a key assumption, particularly in the most recent accident years, where loss development factors are less credible. 
 The following discussion discloses possible variation from current estimates of loss reserves due to a change in certain key indicators of potential losses. For automobile liability lines in both Personal Lines and Commercial Lines, the key indicator is the annual loss cost trend, particularly the severity trend component of loss costs. For workers compensation and general liability, loss development patterns are a key indicator, particularly for more mature accident years. For workers compensation, paid loss development patterns have been impacted by medical cost inflation and other changes in loss cost trends. For general liability, incurred loss development patterns have been impacted by, among other things, emergence of new types of claims (e.g., PFAS claims) and a shift in the mixture between smaller, more routine claims and larger, more complex claims. 
 Each of the impacts described below is estimated individually, without consideration for any correlation among key indicators or among lines of business. Therefore, it would be inappropriate to take each of the amounts described below and add them together in an attempt to estimate volatility for the Company s reserves in total. For any one reserving line of business, the estimated variation in reserves due to changes in key indicators is a reasonable estimate of potential reserve development that may occur in the future, likely over a period of several calendar years. The variation discussed is not meant to be a worst-case scenario, and, therefore, it is possible that future variation may be more than the amounts discussed below. Moreover, the variation discussed does not represent a statistical range of potential reserve outcomes, and factors exist beyond the key indicators considered which have the potential to drive additional variation to the Company's reserves. 

56 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Possible Change in Key Indicator Reserves, Net of Reinsurance December 31, 2022 Estimated Range of Potential Reserve Development Personal Automobile 
 Liability 
 +/- 2.5 points to the annual assumed change in loss cost severity for the two most recent accident years 1.4 billion +/- 70 Commercial Automobile Liability +/- 2.5 points to the annual assumed change in loss cost severity for the two most recent accident years 1.2 billion +/- 30 Workers' Compensation 2 change in paid loss development patterns 11.7 billion +/- 400 General Liability 8 change in reported loss development patterns 5.4 billion +/- 550 
 Reserving for Asbestos and Environmental Claims 
 How A E Reserves are Set- The process for establishing reserves for asbestos and environmental claims first involves estimating the required reserves gross of ceded reinsurance and then estimating reinsurance recoverables. 
 In establishing reserves for gross asbestos claims, the Company evaluates its insureds estimated liabilities for such claims by examining exposures for individual insureds and assessing how coverage applies. The Company considers a variety of factors, including the jurisdictions where underlying claims have been brought, past, pending and anticipated future claim activity, the level of plaintiff demands, disease mix, past settlement values of similar claims, dismissal rates, allocated loss adjustment expense, and potential impact of other defendants being in bankruptcy. 
 Similarly, the Company reviews exposures to establish gross environmental reserves. The Company considers several factors in estimating environmental liabilities, including historical values of similar claims, the number of sites involved, the insureds alleged activities at each site, the alleged environmental damage, the respective shares of liability of potentially responsible parties, the appropriateness and cost of remediation, the nature of governmental enforcement activities or mandated remediation efforts and potential impact of other defendants being in bankruptcy. 
 After evaluating its insureds probable liabilities for asbestos and/or environmental claims, the Company evaluates the insurance coverage in place for such claims. The Company considers its insureds total available insurance coverage, including the coverage issued by the Company. The Company also considers relevant judicial interpretations of policy language, the nature of how policy limits are enforced on multi- 

year policies and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any. 
 The estimated liabilities of insureds and the Company s exposure to the insureds depends heavily on an analysis of the relevant legal issues and litigation environment. This analysis is conducted by the Company s lawyers and is subject to applicable privileges. 
 For both asbestos and environmental reserves, the Company also analyzes its historical paid and reported losses and expenses year by year, to assess any emerging trends, fluctuations or characteristics suggested by the aggregate paid and reported activity. The historical losses and expenses are analyzed on both a direct basis and net of reinsurance. 
 Once the gross ultimate exposure for indemnity and allocated loss adjustment expense is determined for its insureds by each policy year, the Company calculates its ceded reinsurance projection based on any applicable facultative and treaty reinsurance and the Company s experience with reinsurance collections. See the section that follows entitled A E Adverse Development Cover that discusses the impact the reinsurance agreement with NICO may have on future adverse development of asbestos and environmental reserves, if any. 
 Uncertainties Regarding Adequacy of A E Reserves- A number of factors affect the variability of estimates for gross asbestos and environmental reserves including assumptions with respect to the frequency of claims, the average severity of those claims settled with payment, the dismissal rate of claims with no payment, resolution of coverage disputes with our policyholders and the expense to indemnity ratio. Reserve estimates for gross asbestos and environmental reserves are subject to greater variability than reserve estimates for more traditional exposures. 
 The process of estimating asbestos and environmental reserves remains subject to a wide variety of uncertainties, which are detailed in Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company believes that its current asbestos and environmental reserves are appropriate. Future developments could continue to cause the Company to change its estimates of its gross asbestos and environmental reserves. Losses ceded under the adverse development cover ("A E ADC") with NICO in excess of the ceded premium paid of 650 have resulted in a deferred gain resulting in a timing difference between when gross reserves are increased and when reinsurance recoveries are recognized. This timing difference results in a charge to net income until such periods when the recoveries are recognized. Consistent with past practice, the Company will continue to monitor its reserves in Property Casualty Other Operations regularly, including its annual reviews of asbestos liabilities, reinsurance recoverables, the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, and environmental liabilities. Where future developments indicate, we will make appropriate adjustments to the reserves at that time. 
 Total P C Insurance Product Reserves Development 
 In the opinion of management, based upon the known facts and current law, the reserves recorded for the Company s property and casualty insurance products at December 31, 2022 

57 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 represent the Company s best estimate of its ultimate liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. However, because of the significant uncertainties surrounding reserves, it is possible that management s estimate of the ultimate liabilities 

for these claims may change in the future and that the required adjustment to currently recorded reserves could be material to the Company s results of operations or liquidity. 

Rollforward of Property and Casualty Insurance Product Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and LAE for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Commercial Lines 
 Personal Lines 
 Property Casualty Other Operations 
 Total Property Casualty Insurance 
 Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 
 26,906 1,844 2,699 31,449 Reinsurance and other recoverables 4,480 37 1,564 6,081 Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 
 22,426 1,807 1,135 25,368 Provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 Current accident year before catastrophes 5,959 1,969 7,928 Current accident year ("CAY") catastrophes 441 208 649 Prior accident year development ("PYD") (231) (13) 280 36 Total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 6,169 2,164 280 8,613 Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in the provision for the period but reflected in other liabilities (229) (229) Payments (4,684) (2,142) (276) (7,102) Foreign currency adjustment (32) (32) Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 
 23,879 1,829 910 26,618 Reinsurance and other recoverables 4,574 28 1,863 6,465 Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 
 28,453 1,857 2,773 33,083 Earned premiums and fee income 10,610 2,979 Loss and loss expense paid ratio [1] 44.1 71.9 Loss and loss expense incurred ratio 58.4 73.4 Prior accident year development (pts) [2] (2.2) (0.4) 
 [1] The loss and loss expense paid ratio represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income. 
 [2] Prior accident year development (pts) represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums. 
 
 58 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Current Accident Year Catastrophe Losses for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, Net of Reinsurance 
 Commercial 
 Lines 
 Personal Lines Total Wind and hail 107 104 211 Winter storms [1] 163 21 184 Hurricanes and Tropical Storms [2] 74 80 154 Wildfires 3 3 Ukraine conflict [3] 23 23 Other international 1 1 Catastrophes before assumed reinsurance 368 208 576 Global assumed reinsurance business [1] [2] [3] 73 73 Total catastrophe losses 441 208 649 
 [1] Includes losses from Winter Storm Elliott of 167, including 3 in the global assumed reinsurance business. Gross losses from Winter Storm Elliott of 202 were partially offset by a 35 reinsurance recoverable since, under a per occurrence property catastrophe treaty layer covering losses from earthquakes and named storms other than hurricanes and tropical storms, the Company is able to cede 70 of up to 250 in excess of a 100 attachment point subject to a 50 annual aggregate deductible. 
 [2] Includes losses from Hurricane Ian of 186, net of reinsurance, including 35 of hurricane losses in the global assumed reinsurance business. 
 [3] Total catastrophe losses resulting from the Ukraine conflict were 27, net of reinsurance, including 4 within global assumed reinsurance, all in the first quarter. 
 Unfavorable (Favorable) Prior Accident Year Development for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Commercial Lines Personal 
 Lines 
 Property Casualty Other Operations Total Property Casualty Insurance Workers compensation (204) (204) Workers compensation discount accretion 36 36 General liability 25 31 56 Marine 2 2 Package business (39) (39) Commercial property (11) (11) Professional liability (11) (11) Bond (32) (32) Assumed reinsurance 19 19 Automobile liability 38 (14) 24 Homeowners (1) (1) Net asbestos and environmental reserves [1] Catastrophes (60) (2) (62) Uncollectible reinsurance (1) (2) 6 3 Other reserve re-estimates, net 7 6 14 27 Prior accident year development before change in deferred gain 
 (231) (13) 51 (193) Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities [1] 229 229 Total prior accident year development 
 (231) (13) 280 36 
 [1]The year ended December 31, 2022 included 229 of adverse development on net asbestos and environmental reserves that was ceded to NICO but for which the Company recorded a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. 
 59 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Rollforward of Property and Casualty Insurance Product Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and LAE for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Commercial Lines Personal 
 Lines 
 Property Casualty Other Operations Total Property Casualty Insurance Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 25,058 1,836 2,728 29,622 Reinsurance and other recoverables 4,271 28 1,426 5,725 Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 20,787 1,808 1,302 23,897 Provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Current accident year before catastrophes 5,407 1,840 7,247 Current accident year catastrophes 496 168 664 Prior accident year development [1] 141 (144) 202 199 Total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 6,044 1,864 202 8,110 Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities [1] (91) (155) (246) Payments (4,316) (1,865) (214) (6,395) Foreign currency adjustment 2 2 Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 22,426 1,807 1,135 25,368 Reinsurance and other recoverables 4,480 37 1,564 6,081 Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 26,906 1,844 2,699 31,449 Earned premiums and fee income 9,575 2,986 Loss and loss expense paid ratio [2] 45.1 62.5 Loss and loss expense incurred ratio 63.4 63.1 Prior accident year development (pts) [3] 1.5 (4.9) 
 [1] Prior accident year development does not include the benefit of a portion of losses ceded under the Navigators and A E ADCs which, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, is deferred and is recognized over the period the ceded losses are recovered in cash from NICO. For additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 [2] The loss and loss expense paid ratio represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income. 
 [3] Prior accident year development (pts) represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums. 
 Current Accident Year Catastrophe Losses for the Year Ended December 31, 2021, Net of Reinsurance 
 Commercial 
 Lines 
 Personal Lines Total Wind and hail 157 94 251 Winter storms [1] 151 18 169 Hurricanes and Tropical Storms 151 43 194 Wildfires 9 23 32 Losses ceded to the aggregate catastrophe treaty [2] (29) (10) (39) Catastrophes before assumed reinsurance 439 168 607 Global assumed reinsurance business [3] 57 57 Total catastrophe losses 496 168 664 
 [1] Includes catastrophe losses from the February winter storms in Texas and other areas within Commercial Lines and Personal Lines of 206 and 24, respectively, gross of reinsurance, and 151 and 18, respectively, net of reinsurance under the Company's per occurrence property catastrophe treaty covering events other than earthquakes and named hurricanes and tropical storms. The reinsurance covers 70 of up to 250 of losses in excess of 100 from such events occurring within a seven day time period, subject to a 50 annual aggregate deductible. These recoveries do not inure to the benefit of the aggregate property catastrophe treaty reinsurers. For further information on the treaty, refer to Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risk section of this MD A. 
 [2] For further information on the aggregate catastrophe treaty, refer to Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risk section of this MD A. 
 [3] Catastrophe losses incurred on global assumed reinsurance business are not covered under the Company's aggregate property catastrophe treaty. For further information on the treaty, refer to Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risk section of this MD A. 
 60 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Unfavorable (Favorable) Prior Accident Year Development for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Commercial Lines Personal 
 Lines 
 Property Casualty Other Operations Total Property Casualty Insurance Workers compensation (190) (190) Workers compensation discount accretion 35 35 General liability 454 454 Marine 1 1 Package business (91) (91) Commercial property (26) (26) Professional liability (2) (2) Bond (26) (26) Assumed reinsurance (6) (6) Automobile liability 9 (90) (81) Homeowners 3 3 Net asbestos and environmental reserves Catastrophes (97) (57) (154) Uncollectible reinsurance (5) (1) (6) Other reserve re-estimates, net (6) 48 42 Prior accident year development before change in deferred gain 50 (144) 47 (47) Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities 91 155 246 Total prior accident year development 141 (144) 202 199 
 61 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Rollforward of Property and Casualty Insurance Product Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and LAE for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Commercial Lines Personal 
 Lines 
 Property Casualty Other Operations Total Property Casualty Insurance Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 23,363 2,201 2,697 28,261 Reinsurance and other recoverables [1] 4,029 68 1,178 5,275 Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 19,334 2,133 1,519 22,986 Provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Current accident year before catastrophes 5,493 1,695 7,188 Current accident year catastrophes 397 209 606 Prior accident year development [2] 44 (438) 258 (136) Total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 5,934 1,466 258 7,658 Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities [2] (102) (210) (312) Payments (4,348) (1,791) (265) (6,404) Net reserves transferred to liabilities held for sale (45) (45) Foreign currency adjustment 14 14 Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 20,787 1,808 1,302 23,897 Reinsurance and other recoverables 4,271 28 1,426 5,725 Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 25,058 1,836 2,728 29,622 Earned premiums and fee income 8,940 3,042 Loss and loss expense paid ratio [3] 48.6 58.9 Loss and loss expense incurred ratio 66.5 48.7 Prior accident year development (pts) [4] 0.5 (14.6) 
 [1] Includes a cumulative effect adjustment of 1 and (1) for Commercial Lines and Property Casualty Other Operations respectively, representing an adjustment to the ACL recorded on adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on January 1, 2020. See Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 [2] Prior accident year development does not include the benefit of a portion of losses ceded under the Navigators and A E ADCs which, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, is deferred and is recognized over the period the ceded losses are recovered in cash from NICO. For additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 [3] The loss and loss expense paid ratio represents the ratio of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses to earned premiums and fee income. 
 [4] Prior accident year development (pts) represents the ratio of prior accident year development to earned premiums. 
 Current Accident Year Catastrophe Losses for the Year Ended December 31, 2020, Net of Reinsurance 
 Commercial 
 Lines 
 Personal Lines Total Wind and hail 167 97 264 Civil Unrest 105 105 Hurricanes and Tropical Storms 96 51 147 Wildfires 21 61 82 Other 8 8 Total catastrophe losses 397 209 606 
 In December, 2019, the judge overseeing the bankruptcy of PG E Corporation and Pacific Gas and Electric Company ("PG E") approved an 11 billion settlement of insurance subrogation claims to resolve all such claims arising from the 2017 Northern California wildfires and 2018 Camp wildfire. That settlement was contingent upon, among other things, the judge 

entering an order confirming PG E s chapter 11 bankruptcy plan PG E Plan incorporating the settlement agreement. On June 20, 2020, the bankruptcy court judge approved the PG E Plan and PG E subsequently transferred the 11 billion settlement amount to a trust designed to allocate and distribute the settlement among subrogation holders, including certain of 

62 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 the Company s insurance subsidiaries. In the second quarter of 2020, the Company recorded an estimated 289 subrogation benefit though the ultimate amount it collects will depend on how the Company s ultimate paid claims subject to subrogation 

compare to other insurers ultimate paid claims subject to subrogation. In 2020, the Company received distributions, net of attorney costs, of 227. 

Unfavorable (Favorable) Prior Accident Year Development for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Commercial Lines Personal 
 Lines 
 Property Casualty Other Operations Total Property Casualty Insurance Workers compensation (110) (110) Workers compensation discount accretion 35 35 General liability 237 237 Marine 3 3 Package business (58) (58) Commercial property (4) (4) Professional liability (14) (14) Bond (19) (19) Assumed reinsurance (6) (6) Automobile liability 27 (61) (34) Homeowners 7 7 Net asbestos and environmental reserves (2) (2) Catastrophes (149) (380) (529) Uncollectible reinsurance (8) (8) Other reserve re-estimates, net (4) 58 54 Total prior accident year development (58) (438) 48 (448) Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities 102 210 312 Total prior accident year development 44 (438) 258 (136) 
 For discussion of the factors contributing to unfavorable (favorable) for the prior accident year reserve development 2022, 2021, and 2020 periods, refer to Note 11 - Reserve for 

Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

| PROPERTY CASUALTY OTHER OPERATIONS 
 Net reserves and reserve activity in Property Casualty Other Operations are categorized and reported as asbestos, environmental, and all other . The all other category of reserves covers a wide range of insurance and assumed reinsurance coverages, including, but not limited to, potential liability for construction defects, lead paint, silica, pharmaceutical products, head injuries, sexual molestation and sexual abuse and other long-tail liabilities. In addition to various insurance and assumed reinsurance exposures, "all other" includes unallocated loss adjustment expense reserves. "All other" also includes the Company s allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. When the Company commutes a ceded reinsurance contract or settles a ceded reinsurance dispute, net reserves for the related cause of loss (including asbestos, environmental or all other) are increased for the portion of the 

allowance for uncollectible reinsurance attributable to that commutation or settlement. 
 Asbestos and Environmental Reserves 
 The vast majority of the Company's exposure to A E relates to policy coverages provided prior to 1986 and is reported within the P C Other Operations segment Run-off A E ). In addition, since 1986, the Company has written asbestos and environmental exposures under general liability policies and pollution liability under homeowners policies, which are reported in the Commercial Lines and Personal Lines segments, respectively. 

63 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Run-off A E Summary as of December 31, 2022 
 Asbestos Environmental Total Run-off A E Gross Direct 1,316 373 1,689 Assumed Reinsurance 458 64 522 Total 1,774 437 2,211 Ceded- other than NICO (476) (63) (539) Total net reserves, before ceded losses to NICO 1,298 374 1,672 Ceded - NICO A E ADC "Run-off" [1] (1,282) Net 390 
 [1] Including 1,282 of ceded losses for Run-off A E and a 38 reduction in ceded losses for Commercial Lines and Personal Lines, cumulative net incurred losses of 1,244 have been ceded to NICO under an adverse development cover reinsurance agreement. See the section that follows entitled A E Adverse Development Cover for additional information. 
 Rollforward of Run-off A E Losses and LAE 
 Asbestos Environmental Total Run-off A E 2022 Beginning net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from NICO 1,263 394 1,657 Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred before ceding to NICO A E ADC 161 68 229 Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid (128) (89) (217) Reclassification of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance [1] 2 1 3 Ending net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from NICO 1,298 374 1,672 Reinsurance recoverable from NICO A E ADC (1,282) Ending net reserves 390 2021 Beginning net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from NICO 1,268 419 1,687 Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred before ceding to NICO A E ADC 104 51 155 Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid (112) (76) (188) Reclassification of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance [1] 3 3 Ending net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from NICO 1,263 394 1,657 Reinsurance recoverable from NICO A E ADC (1,053) Ending net reserves 604 2020 Beginning net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from NICO 1,308 346 1,654 Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred before ceding to NICO A E ADC 130 106 236 Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid (172) (33) (205) Reclassification of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance [1] 2 2 Ending net reserves before reinsurance recoverable from NICO 1,268 419 1,687 Reinsurance recoverable from NICO A E ADC (898) Ending liability net 789 
 [1]Related to the reclassification of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance from the "all other" category of P C Other Operations reserves. 
 A E Adverse Development Cover 
 Effective December 31, 2016, the Company entered into an A E ADC reinsurance agreement with NICO, a subsidiary of Berkshire, to reduce uncertainty about potential adverse development. Under the A E ADC, the Company paid a reinsurance premium of 650 for NICO to assume adverse net loss and allocated loss adjustment expense reserve development up to 1.5 billion above the Company s existing net A E reserves as of December 31, 2016 of approximately 1.7 billion, including both Run-off A E and A E reserves in Commercial Lines and Personal Lines. The 650 reinsurance 

premium was placed in a collateral trust account as security for NICO s claim payment obligations to the Company. The Company has retained the risk of collection on amounts due from other third-party reinsurers and continues to be responsible for claims handling and other administrative services, subject to certain conditions. The A E ADC covers substantially all the Company s A E reserve development up to the reinsurance limit. 
 Under retroactive reinsurance accounting, net adverse A E reserve development after December 31, 2016 results in an offsetting reinsurance recoverable up to the 1.5 billion 

64 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 limit. Cumulative ceded losses up to the 650 reinsurance premium paid have been recognized as a dollar-for-dollar offset to direct losses incurred. Cumulative ceded losses exceeding the 650 reinsurance premium paid have resulted in a deferred gain. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred a cumulative 1,244 in adverse development on A E reserves that have been ceded under the A E ADC treaty with NICO, including 1,282 for Run-off A E reserves, partially offset by a 38 reduction for A E reserves in Commercial Lines and Personal Lines. As such, 256 of coverage is available for future adverse net reserve development, if any. As a result, the Company has recorded a 594 deferred gain within other liabilities, representing the difference between the reinsurance recoverable of 1,244 and ceded premium paid of 650. The deferred gain is recognized over the claim settlement period in the proportion of the amount of cumulative ceded losses collected from the reinsurer to the estimated ultimate reinsurance recoveries. Consequently, until periods when the deferred gain is recognized as a benefit to earnings, cumulative adverse development of asbestos and environmental claims will result in charges against earnings, which may be significant. 
 Net and Gross Survival Ratios 
 Net and gross survival ratios are a measure of the quotient of the carried reserves divided by average annual payments (net of reinsurance and on a gross basis) and is an indication of the number of years that carried reserves would last (i.e. survive) if future annual payments were consistent with the calculated historical average. 

Since December 31, 2016, asbestos and environmental net reserves have been declining since all adverse development has been ceded to NICO, up to a limit of 1.5 billion, and the deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance has been recorded within other liabilities rather than in net loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. Recoveries from NICO will not be collected until the Company has cumulative loss payments of more than the attachment point of 1.7 billion which was based on the carrying value of net reserves as of December 31, 2016. Accordingly, the payment of losses without any current collection of recoveries from NICO has reduced the Company s net loss reserves which decreases the net survival ratios such that, unadjusted, the net survival ratios would not be representative of the true number of years of average loss payments covered by the reserves. Therefore, the net survival ratios presented in the table below are calculated before considering the effect of the A E ADC reinsurance agreement but net of other reinsurance in place. 
 Net and Gross Survival Ratios 
 Asbestos Environmental One year net survival ratio 10.1 4.1 Three year net survival ratio 9.3 5.7 One year gross survival ratio 11.0 4.0 Three year gross survival ratio 9.3 5.2 

Run-off A E Paid and Incurred Losses and LAE Development 
 Asbestos Environmental Total A E Paid Losses LAE Incurred Losses LAE Paid Losses LAE Incurred Losses LAE Paid Losses LAE Incurred Losses LAE 2022 Gross 160 227 106 80 266 307 Ceded- other than NICO (32) (66) (17) (12) (49) (78) Net - Gross of ADC 128 161 89 68 217 229 Ceded - NICO A E ADC (229) Net 217 2021 Gross 157 148 109 55 266 203 Ceded- other than NICO (45) (44) (33) (4) (78) (48) Net - Gross of ADC 112 104 76 51 188 155 Ceded - NICO A E ADC (155) Net 188 2020 Gross 252 170 40 141 292 311 Ceded- other than NICO (80) (40) (7) (35) (87) (75) Net - Gross of ADC 172 130 33 106 205 236 Ceded - NICO A E ADC (238) Net 205 (2) 
 Annual Reserve Reviews 
 Review of Asbestos and Environmental Reserves 
 The Company performs its regular comprehensive annual review of asbestos and environmental reserves in the fourth quarter, including both Run-off A E (P C Other Operations) and 

asbestos and environmental reserves included in Commercial Lines and Personal Lines. As part of the evaluation of asbestos and environmental reserves in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reviewed all of its open direct domestic insurance accounts exposed to asbestos and environmental liability, as well as assumed reinsurance accounts. 

65 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 2022 comprehensive annual reviews 
 As a result of the 2022 fourth quarter review, the Company increased estimated asbestos reserves before NICO reinsurance by 162, including 161 in P C Other Operations, primarily driven by an increase in the Company s share of liability due to insolvencies and cost sharing agreements, an increase in claim settlement rates, and higher claim settlement values and defense costs. The increase in asbestos reserves was offset by a 162 reinsurance recoverable under the NICO treaty. 
 As a result of the 2022 fourth quarter review, the Company increased estimated environmental reserves before NICO reinsurance by 67, including 68 in P C Other Operations, primarily due to increased estimates of liability for PFAS exposure, the resolution of one large mining account, higher environmental site cleanup and monitoring costs, and higher legal expenses. The increase in environmental reserves was offset by a 67 reinsurance recoverable under the NICO treaty. 
 The total 229 increase in asbestos and environmental reserves in P C Other Operations was offset by a 229 reinsurance recoverable under the NICO treaty. Since cumulative losses ceded to the A E ADC exceed the 650 of ceded premium paid, the Company recognized a 229 increase in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, resulting in the Company recording a charge to earnings of 229 in 2022. 
 2021 comprehensive annual reviews 
 As a result of the 2021 fourth quarter review, the Company increased estimated asbestos reserves before NICO reinsurance by 106, including 104 in P C Other Operations, primarily due to an increase in claim settlement rates, claim settlement values, and defense costs, which more than offset the impact of a decline in claim filing frequency. Also contributing was an increase in the Company's estimated share of liability under pending or potential cost sharing agreements and settlements. The increase in asbestos reserves was offset by a 106 reinsurance recoverable under the NICO treaty. 
 As a result of the 2021 fourth quarter review, the Company increased estimated environmental reserves before NICO reinsurance by 49, including 51 in P C Other Operations, primarily due to the settlement of a large coal ash remediation claim, an increase in legal defense costs and higher site remediation costs. The increase in environmental reserves was offset by a 49 reinsurance recoverable under the NICO treaty. 
 The total 155 increase in asbestos and environmental reserves in P C Other Operations was offset by a 155 reinsurance recoverable under the NICO treaty. Since cumulative losses ceded to the A E ADC exceed the 650 of ceded premium paid, the Company recognized a 155 increase in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, resulting in the Company recording a charge to earnings of 155 in 2021. 
 For information regarding the 2020 comprehensive annual review, refer to Part 2, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in The Hartford s 2021 Form 10-K Annual Report. 
 Major Categories of Asbestos Accounts 
 Direct asbestos exposures include both Known and Unallocated Direct Accounts. 

Known Direct Accounts- includes both Major Asbestos Defendants and Non-Major Accounts, and represent approximately 72 of the Company's total Direct gross asbestos reserves as of December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 71 as of December 31, 2021. Major Asbestos Defendants have been defined as the Top 70 accounts in Tillinghast's published Tiers 1 and 2 and Wellington accounts, while Non-Major accounts are comprised of all other direct asbestos accounts and largely represent smaller and more peripheral defendants. Major Asbestos Defendants have the fewest number of asbestos accounts. 
 Unallocated Direct Accounts- includes an estimate of the reserves necessary for asbestos claims related to direct insureds that have not previously tendered asbestos claims to the Company and exposures related to liability claims that may not be subject to an aggregate limit under the applicable policies. These exposures represent approximately 28 of the Company's Direct gross asbestos reserves as of December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 29 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Review of "All Other" Reserves in Property Casualty Other Operations 
 Prior year development on all other reserves resulted in increases of 51, 47 and 50, respectively for calendar years 2022, 2021 and 2020. Included in the 2022 adverse reserve development was an increase in ULAE reserves and an increase in reserves from reallocating a portion of general liability reserves from Commercial Lines to P C Other Operations related to sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims. The reallocated reserves relate to excess liability policies written by a legal entity in P C Other Operations for amounts owed to claimants under the agreement in principle reached with the BSA on sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims in third quarter 2021. In total for the Company, there was no change in the liability for settlement amounts owed on the BSA claims in the 2022 period. The increase in reserves for ULAE was primarily due to an increase in expected aggregate claim handling costs associated with asbestos and environmental claims. 
 The Company provides an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, reflecting management s best estimate of reinsurance cessions that may be uncollectible in the future due to reinsurers unwillingness or inability to pay. In performing its assessment, the Company evaluates the collectibility of the reinsurance recoverables and the adequacy of the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance associated with older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in Property Casualty Other Operations. In conducting these evaluations, the Company used its most recent detailed evaluations of ceded liabilities reported in the segment. The Company analyzed the overall credit quality of the Company s reinsurers, recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedants and reinsurers, and recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants. As of 2022, 2021, and 2020 the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance for Property Casualty Other Operations totaled 56, 53 and 60, respectively. Due to the inherent uncertainties as to collection and the length of time before reinsurance recoverables become due, particularly for older, long-term casualty liabilities, it is possible that future adjustments to the Company s reinsurance recoverables, net of the allowance, could be required. 

66 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 | IMPACT OF RE-ESTIMATES ON PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE PRODUCT RESERVES 
 Estimating property and casualty insurance product reserves uses a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements. Ultimate losses may vary materially from the current estimates. Many factors can contribute to these variations and the need to change the previous estimate of required reserve levels. Prior accident year reserve development is generally due to the emergence of additional facts that were not known or anticipated at the time of the prior reserve estimate and/or due to changes in interpretations of information and trends. 
 The table below shows the range of annual reserve re-estimates experienced by The Hartford over the past ten years. The range of prior accident year development shown in the table below is net of losses ceded, including losses ceded under two adverse 

development cover reinsurance agreements with NICO that are accounted for as a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. The amount of prior accident year development (as shown in the reserve rollforward) for a given calendar year is expressed as a percent of the beginning calendar year reserves, net of reinsurance. The ranges presented are significantly influenced by the facts and circumstances of each particular year and by the fact that only the last ten years are included in the range. Accordingly, these percentages are not intended to be a prediction of the range of possible future variability. For further discussion of the potential for variability in recorded loss reserves, see Preferred Reserving Methods by Line of Business and Impact of Key Assumptions on Reserves sections. 

Range of Prior Accident Year Unfavorable (Favorable) Development for the Ten Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 Commercial Lines Personal 
 Lines 
 Property Casualty Other Operations Total Property Casualty [1] Annual range of prior accident year unfavorable (favorable) development for the ten years ended December 31, 2022 (1.3 - 0.6 (20.5 - 8.3 0.9 - 9.8 (1.9 -2. 4 
 [1] Excluding the reserve increases for asbestos and environmental reserves, over the past ten years, reserve re-estimates for total property and casualty insurance ranged from (1.9 to 1.0 . 
 The potential variability of the Company s property and casualty insurance product reserves would normally be expected to vary by segment and the types of loss exposures insured by those segments. Illustrative factors influencing the potential reserve variability for each of the segments are discussed under Critical Accounting Estimates for Property Casualty Insurance Product Reserves and Asbestos and Environmental Reserves. See the section entitled Property Casualty Other Operations, Annual Reserve Reviews about the impact that the A E ADC retroactive reinsurance agreement with NICO has on net reserve changes of asbestos and environmental reserves. 

The following table summarizes the effect of reserve re-estimates, net of reinsurance, on calendar year operations for the ten-year period ended December 31, 2022. The total of each column details the amount of reserve re-estimates made in the indicated calendar year and shows the accident years to which the re-estimates are applicable. The amounts in the total column on the far right represent the cumulative reserve re-estimates during the ten year period ended December 31, 2022 for the indicated accident year in each row. This table does not include Navigators Group reserve re-estimates for periods prior to the acquisition of the business on May 23, 2019. 

67 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Effect of Net Reserve Re-estimates on Calendar Year Operations 
 Calendar Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 By Accident Year 2012 Prior 192 326 307 275 81 (41) 4 252 555 36 1,987 2013 (98) (43) (29) (33) (2) (26) (15) (35) (10) (291) 2014 (14) 20 (19) (54) (29) (28) (59) (23) (206) 2015 191 (41) (93) 19 (16) (70) (23) (33) 2016 (29) 14 (11) (38) (83) (41) (188) 2017 9 (116) (204) (111) (101) (523) 2018 78 (307) (96) 22 (303) 2019 (92) (47) 39 (100) 2020 (101) (101) (202) 2021 9 9 Increase (decrease) in net reserves [1] 192 228 250 457 (41) (167) (81) (448) (47) (193) 150 Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities 312 246 229 Total unfavorable (favorable) prior accident year development (136) 199 36 
 [1] Increase (decrease) in net reserves by accident year in the above table is net of losses ceded, including losses ceded under two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements with NICO accounted for as a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. One agreement covers substantially all A E reserve development for 2016 and prior accident years (the A E ADC up to an aggregate limit of 1.5 billion and the other covered substantially all reserve development of Navigators Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates for 2018 and prior accident years Navigators ADC up to an aggregate limit of 300. For calendar years before 2017, the 2012 and prior accident year development includes adverse development for A E reserves. For additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to Note 11 Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The commentary below explains, by accident year, the total prior accident year development recognized over the past 10 years. 
 Accident year 2012 and Prior 
 The net increases in estimates of ultimate losses for accident years 2012 and prior were driven mostly by increased reserves for asbestos and environmental reserves, and also by increased estimates for customs bonds, sexual molestation and sexual abuse and other mass torts claims. Also contributing was an increase in commercial automobile liability, offset by favorable development in personal automobile liability. 
 Accident year 2013 
 Estimates of ultimate losses were decreased for the 2013 accident year due to favorable frequency and/or medical severity trends for workers compensation and favorable professional liability claim emergence. Favorable emergence of property lines of business, including catastrophes, for the 2013 accident year, was partially offset by increased reserves in automobile liability due to increased severity of large claims. 
 Accident years 2014 and 2015 
 Changes in estimates of ultimate losses for accident years 2014 and 2015 were largely driven by favorable frequency and medical severity trends for workers' compensation, partially offset by unfavorable frequency and severity trends for personal and commercial automobile liability and increased severity of liability claims on package business. 
 
 Accident year 2016 
 Estimates of ultimate losses were decreased for the 2016 accident year largely due to reserve decreases on workers' compensation, bond and personal automobile liability due to lower estimated severity, partially offset by unfavorable reserve 

estimates for higher hazard general liability exposures due to increased frequency and severity trends, higher estimated severity in middle large commercial and on the acquired Navigators Group book of business related to U.S. construction, premises liability, products liability and excess casualty. 
 Accident year 2017 
 Ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2017 accident year mainly due to release of reserves related to catastrophes, lower reserve estimates in personal automobile liability due to emergence of lower estimated severity and lower reserve estimates for workers compensation related to lower than previously estimated claim severity, partially offset by increases in estimates of ultimate losses in general liability and bond. Partially offsetting was an increase to general liability reserves that was related to high hazard exposures which experienced increased frequency and severity trends. 
 Accident year 2018 
 Ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2018 accident year mainly due to reduction in estimated catastrophe reserves for California wildfires and for various wind and hail events. Reserve estimates were also reduced, to a lesser extent, for personal automobile liability and workers' compensation which decreased due to lower than previously expected claim severity. These reserve decreases were partially offset by increases in commercial automobile liability and general liability. Commercial automobile liability reserve increases were related to higher estimated severity on middle large commercial claims. Increases in general liability reserves for middle market and complex liability claims were also largely due to higher than previously expected severity. 

68 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Accident year 2019 
 Ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2019 accident year mainly due to favorable emergence of property lines of business, primarily related to catastrophes. In addition, reduced reserve estimates for personal automobile liability were largely offset by higher reserve estimates for commercial automobile liability. 
 Accident year 2020 
 Ultimate loss estimates were decreased for the 2020 accident year mainly due to favorable emergence of property lines of 

business, inclusive of catastrophes. Reserve estimates were also reduced, to a lesser extent, for personal automobile liability due to lower estimated severity and for professional liability. 
 Accident year 2021 
 There were no significant changes in ultimate loss estimates. 

| GROUP BENEFIT RESERVES, NET OF REINSURANCE 
 The Company establishes reserves for group life and accident health contracts, including long-term disability coverage, for both reported claims and claims related to insured events that the Company estimates have been incurred but have not yet been reported. As long-term disability reserves are long-tail claim liabilities, they are discounted because the payment pattern and the ultimate costs are reasonably fixed and determinable on an individual claim basis. The Company held 6,535 and 6,437 of LTD unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Reserving Methodology 
 How Reserves are Set - A Disabled Life Reserve ("DLR") is calculated for each LTD claim. The DLR for each claim is the expected present value of all future benefit payments starting with the known monthly gross benefit which is reduced for estimates of the expected claim recovery due to return to work or claimant death, offsets from other income including offsets from Social Security benefits, and discounting where the discount rate is tied to expected investment yield at the time the claim is incurred. Estimated future benefit payments represent the monthly income benefit that is paid until recovery, death or expiration of benefits. Claim recoveries are estimated based on claim characteristics such as age and diagnosis and represent an estimate of benefits that will terminate, generally as a result of the claimant returning to work or being deemed able to return to work. For claims recently closed due to recovery, a portion of the DLR is retained for the possibility that the claim reopens upon further evidence of disability. In addition, a reserve for estimated unpaid claim expenses is included in the DLR. 
 The DLR also includes a liability for potential payments to pending claimants beyond the elimination period who have not yet been approved for LTD. In these cases, the present value of future benefits is reduced for the likelihood of claim denial based on Company experience. 
 Estimates for IBNR claims are made by applying completion factors to expected emerged experience by line of business. Included within IBNR are bulk reserves for claims reported but still within the waiting period until benefits are paid, typically 3 or 6 months depending on the contract. Completion factors are derived from standard actuarial techniques using triangles that display historical claim count emergence by incurral month. These estimates are reviewed for reasonableness and are adjusted for current trends and other factors expected to cause a change in claim emergence. The reserves include an estimate of unpaid claim expenses, including a provision for the cost of initial set-up of the claim once reported. 

For all products, including LTD, there is a period generally ranging from two to twelve months, depending on the product and line of business, where emerged claims for an incurral year are not yet credible enough to be a basis for estimating reserves. In these cases, the ultimate loss is estimated using earned premium multiplied by an expected loss ratio based on pricing assumptions of claim incidence, claim severity, and earned pricing. 
 Impact of Key Assumptions on Reserves 
 The key assumptions affecting long-term disability, which is the largest reserve within Group Benefits, include: 
 Discount Rate - The discount rate is the interest rate at which expected future claim cash flows are discounted to determine the present value. A higher selected discount rate results in a lower reserve. If the discount rate is higher than our future investment returns, our invested assets will not earn enough investment income to cover the discount accretion on our claim reserves which would negatively affect our profits. For each incurral year, the discount rates are estimated based on investment yields expected to be earned net of investment expenses. The incurral year is the year in which the claim is incurred and the estimated settlement pattern is determined. Once established, discount rates for each incurral year are unchanged except that LTD reserves assumed from the acquisition of Aetna's U.S. group life and disability business are all discounted using rates as of the November 1, 2017 acquisition date. The weighted average discount rate on LTD reserves was 3.2 and 3.3 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Had the discount rate for each incurral year been 10 basis points lower at the time they were established, our LTD unpaid loss and loss adjustment expense reserves would be higher by 28, before tax, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Claim Termination Rates (inclusive of mortality, recoveries, and expiration of benefits) - Claim termination rates are an estimate of the rate at which claimants will cease receiving benefits during a given calendar year. Terminations result from a number of factors, including death, recoveries and expiration of benefits. The probability that benefits will terminate in each future month for each claim is estimated using a predictive model that uses past Company experience, contract provisions, job characteristics and other claimant-specific characteristics such as diagnosis, time since disability began, and age. Actual claim termination experience will vary from period to period. Over the past 10 years, claim 

69 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 termination rates for a single incurral year have generally increased and have ranged from 7 below to 6 above current assumptions over that time period. For a single recent incurral year (such as 2022), a one percent decrease in our assumption for LTD claim termination rates would increase our reserves by 11. For all incurral years combined, as of December 31, 2022, a one percent decrease in our assumption for our LTD claim termination rates would increase our Group Benefits unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense reserves by 25. 
 Impact of COVID-19 on 2022 Results of Operations 
 Within Group Benefits, the Company experienced excess mortality in its group life business of 160 in 2022, primarily caused by direct and indirect impacts of COVID-19. Within the group disability business, in 2022 the Company recognized 12 of COVID-19 related losses from short-term disability claims. 

Current Trends Contributing to Reserve Uncertainty 
 While we have not seen a significant change in claim recovery patterns to date due to COVID-19, we have observed delays in the Social Security Administration s processing of disability claims. Other potential pandemic-related risks, such as delays in medical care or return-to-work and the emerging risk of long-COVID symptoms are being monitored. Also, if we have a downturn in the economy, we could experience an increase in claim incidence on long-term disability claims. 
 By investing in fixed income securities of similar duration to our liabilities, we hedge our interest rate exposure over a three year period at the time we price and sell long-term disability policies given average three year rate guarantees. Our weighted average discount rate assumption for the 2022 incurral year is down from that of the 2021 incurral year. 

| EVALUATION OF GOODWILL FOR IMPAIRMENT 
 Goodwill balances are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would indicate that a triggering event for a potential impairment has occurred. The recognition and measurement of goodwill impairment is based on the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its estimated fair value, up to the amount of the reporting unit s goodwill. 
 The estimated fair value of each reporting unit incorporates multiple inputs into discounted cash flow calculations including assumptions that market participants would make in valuing the reporting unit. Assumptions include levels of economic capital, future business growth, earnings projections, assets under management for Hartford Funds and the weighted average cost of capital used for purposes of discounting. Decreases in business growth, decreases in earnings projections and 

increases in the weighted average cost of capital will all cause a reporting unit s fair value to decrease, increasing the possibility of impairment. 
 A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The Company s reporting units for which goodwill has been allocated consist of Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Group Benefits and Hartford Funds. 
 The annual goodwill assessment for the reporting units was completed as of October 31, 2022, and resulted in no write-downs of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022. All reporting units passed the annual impairment test with a significant margin. For information on goodwill see Note 10 - Goodwill Other Intangible Assets of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

| VALUATION OF INVESTMENTS AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
 Fixed Maturities, Equity Securities, Short-term Investments, and Derivatives 
 The Company generally determines fair values using valuation techniques that use prices, rates, and other relevant information evident from market transactions involving identical or similar instruments. Valuation techniques also include, where appropriate, estimates of future cash flows that are converted into a single discounted amount using current market expectations. The Company uses a "waterfall" approach comprised of the following pricing sources which are listed in priority order: quoted prices, prices from third-party pricing services, internal matrix pricing, and independent broker quotes. The fair values of derivative instruments are determined primarily using a discounted cash flow model or option model technique and incorporate counterparty credit risk. In some cases, quoted market prices for exchange-traded transactions and transactions cleared through central clearing houses ("OTC-cleared") may be used and in other cases independent broker quotes may be used. For further discussion, see the 

Fixed Maturities, Equity Securities, Short-term Investments and Derivatives section in Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Evaluation of Credit Losses on Fixed Maturities, AFS and ACL on Mortgage Loans 
 Each quarter, a committee of investment and accounting professionals evaluates investments to determine if a credit loss is present for fixed maturities, AFS or an ACL is required for mortgage loans. This evaluation is a quantitative and qualitative process, which is subject to risks and uncertainties. For further discussion of the accounting policies, see the Significant Investment Accounting Policies Section in Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. For a discussion of credit losses recorded, see the Credit Losses on Fixed Maturities, AFS and Intent-to-Sell Impairments and ACL on Mortgage Loans sections within the Investment Portfolio Risks and Risk Management section of the MD A. 

70 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 | CONTINGENCIES RELATING TO CORPORATE LITIGATION AND REGULATORY MATTERS 
 Management evaluates each contingent matter separately. A loss is recorded if probable and reasonably estimable. Management establishes reserves for these contingencies at its best estimate, or, if no one number within the range of possible losses is more probable than any other, the Company records an estimated reserve at the low end of the range of losses. 
 The Company has a quarterly monitoring process involving legal and accounting professionals. Legal personnel first identify outstanding corporate litigation and regulatory matters posing a reasonable possibility of loss. These matters are then jointly reviewed by accounting and legal personnel to evaluate the facts and changes since the last review in order to determine if a provision for loss should be recorded or adjusted, the amount that should be recorded, and the appropriate disclosure. The outcomes of certain contingencies currently being evaluated by 

the Company, which relate to corporate litigation and regulatory matters, are inherently difficult to predict, and the reserves that have been established for the estimated settlement amounts are subject to significant changes. Management expects that the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to such lawsuits, after consideration of provisions made for estimated losses, will not be material to the consolidated financial condition of the Company. In view of the uncertainties regarding the outcome of these matters, as well as the tax-deductibility of payments, it is possible that the ultimate cost to the Company of these matters could exceed the reserve by an amount that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations and liquidity in a particular quarterly or annual period. 

71 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 SEGMENT OPERATING SUMMARIES 
 
 | COMMERCIAL LINES - RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Underwriting Summary 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Written premiums 11,158 10,041 8,969 11 12 Change in unearned premium reserve 587 500 59 17 NM Earned premiums 10,571 9,541 8,910 11 7 Fee income 39 34 30 15 13 Losses and loss adjustment expenses Current accident year before catastrophes 5,959 5,407 5,488 10 (1 Current accident year catastrophes [1] 441 496 397 (11 25 Prior accident year development [1] (231) 141 44 NM NM Total losses and loss adjustment expenses 6,169 6,044 5,929 2 2 Amortization of DAC 1,563 1,398 1,397 12 Underwriting expenses 1,788 1,678 1,594 7 5 Amortization of other intangible assets 29 29 28 4 Dividends to policyholders 29 24 29 21 (17 Underwriting gain (loss) 1,032 402 (37) 157 NM Net investment income [2] 1,415 1,502 1,160 (6 29 Net realized gains (losses) [2] (385) 260 (60) NM NM Other income (expense) (12) (5) (31) (140 84 Income before income taxes 2,050 2,159 1,032 (5 109 Income tax expense [3] 426 402 176 6 128 Net income 1,624 1,757 856 (8 105 
 [1] For additional information on current accident year catastrophes and prior accident year development, see MD A - Critical Accounting Estimates, Property and Casualty Insurance Product Reserves Development, Net of Reinsurance and Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 [2] For discussion of consolidated investment results, see MD A - Investment Results. 
 [3] For discussion of income taxes, see Note 16 - Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 72 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Premium Measures 
 2022 2021 2020 Small Commercial: Net new business premium 768 673 557 Policy count retention [1] 86 84 83 Renewal written price increases 3.8 3.2 2.0 Renewal earned price increases 3.4 2.6 2.1 Policies in-force as of end of period (in thousands) 1,421 1,366 1,283 Middle Market [2]: Net new business premium 531 532 479 Policy count retention [1] 84 82 78 Renewal written price increases 5.9 5.9 7.6 Renewal earned price increases 5.8 7.2 6.4 Global Specialty: Global specialty gross new business premium [3] 825 912 752 Renewal written price increases [4] 5.9 13.6 21.6 Renewal earned price increases [4] 10.0 21.5 18.0 
 [1] Policy count retention represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued in the previous calendar year period before considering policies cancelled subsequent to renewal. 
 [2] Except for net new business premium, metrics for middle market exclude loss sensitive and programs businesses. 
 [3] Excludes Global Re and Continental Europe Operations and is before ceded reinsurance. 
 [4] Excludes Global Re, offshore energy policies, credit and political risk insurance policies , political violence and terrorism policies, and any business under which the managing agent of our Lloyd's Syndicate delegates underwriting authority to coverholders and other third parties. 
 Underwriting Ratios 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Loss and loss adjustment expense ratio Current accident year before catastrophes 56.4 56.7 61.6 (0.3) (4.9) Current accident year catastrophes 4.2 5.2 4.5 (1.0) 0.7 Prior accident year development (2.2) 1.5 0.5 (3.7) 1.0 Total loss and loss adjustment expense ratio 58.4 63.3 66.5 (4.9) (3.2) Expense ratio 31.6 32.2 33.5 (0.6) (1.3) Policyholder dividend ratio 0.3 0.3 0.3 Combined ratio 90.2 95.8 100.4 (5.6) (4.6) Impact of current accident year catastrophes and prior year development (2.0) (6.7) (5.0) 4.7 (1.7) Underlying combined ratio 88.3 89.1 95.5 (0.8) (6.4) 

73 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Net Income 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net income decreased due to a change from net realized gains to net realized losses and lower net investment income, partially offset by a higher underwriting gain. For further discussion of investment results, see MD A - Investment Results. 
 Underwriting (Loss) Gain 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Underwriting gain increased with the improvement primarily due to the effect of earned premium growth, a change from unfavorable prior accident year development in 2021 to favorable prior accident year development in 2022, and lower current accident year catastrophes, partially offset by an increase in underwriting expenses. 
 Underwriting expenses increased in 2022 due to higher staffing and performance-based commissions, investments in technology, and a decrease in the allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable in the 2021 period, partially offset by incremental savings from Hartford Next initiatives. 
 Expense ratio decreased in 2022 driven by the impact of 

higher earned premium and incremental savings from the Hartford Next program, partially offset by investments in technology, higher staffing costs and performance-based commissions and the impact of a decrease in the allowance for credit losses on premiums receivable recognized in 2021. 
 Earned Premiums 
 
 [1] Other of 43, 43 and 46 for 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, is included in the total. 
 Written Premiums 
 
 [1] Other written premiums of 41, 43 and 46 for the year ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, is included in the total. 

74 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Earned premiums increased in 2022 due to written premium increases over the prior 12 months including higher premiums from audits and endorsements, principally in workers compensation due to an increasing exposure base from higher payrolls. 
 Written premiums increased in 2022 driven by growth across small commercial, middle large commercial and global specialty. 
 Small commercial written premium increased in 2022 driven by exposure growth from higher audit and endorsement premium, double-digit new business growth, higher policy count retention, and renewal written price increases in all lines. Written premium grew in all lines of business, with the most significant growth in package business and workers' compensation. 
 Middle large commercial written premium increased in 2022 driven by renewal written price increases in all lines, higher audit and endorsement premium and higher policy count retention. Written premium grew across general industries, industry verticals and specialty markets. 
 Global specialty written premium increased in 2022 driven by written price increases and higher retention, partially offset by a decline in new business. Written premium grew in all lines except international, with the most significant growth in global reinsurance, wholesale and financial lines. 
 Renewal written price increases were recognized in nearly all lines in 2022, with moderating price increases across most lines in global specialty. 
 In small commercial, renewal written price increases were modestly higher in 2022, with mid-single digit price increases in package business and automobile. Workers' compensation pricing was slightly positive in 2022 due to the effect of rising wages largely offset by lower rates. 
 In middle market, the Company recognized mid-to-high single-digit price increases in most lines other than workers compensation, which experienced low single-digit written price increases as the effect of higher wages more than offset lower rates. 
 In global specialty, we achieved low-to-mid single-digit renewal written price increases, with the highest increases in property, marine and professional liability. 

Current Accident Year Loss and LAE Ratio before Catastrophes 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Current Accident Year Loss and LAE ratio before catastrophes decreased slightly primarily due to lower loss ratios in global specialty lines and lower COVID-19 incurred losses, largely offset by higher non-catastrophe property losses in both small commercial and middle market. 
 There were no current accident year COVID-19 incurred losses in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 31 of COVID-19 incurred losses in 2021, including 20 in workers compensation and 11 in financial and other lines. 

75 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Catastrophes and Unfavorable (Favorable) Prior Accident Year Development 
 
 Y ear ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Current accident year catastrophe losses for 2022 included losses for Hurricane Ian, tornado, wind and hail events primarily in the Midwest, South, Mountain West and Great Plains, losses from winter storms, including Winter Storm Elliott, and 27 of losses, net of reinsurance, related to the Ukraine conflict. 
 Current accident year catastrophe losses for 2021 included losses from tornado, wind and hail events, mostly concentrated in the Midwest, Texas and Southeast as well as Hurricane Ida, and February winter storms primarily in the South. 
 Prior accident year development was net favorable for 2022 and included reserve decreases for workers' compensation, catastrophes, package business and bond, partially offset by reserve increases for automobile liability, 

general liability and assumed reinsurance. In 2022, an increase in reserves for general liability related to excess casualty and primary construction was largely offset by a reallocation of a portion of reserves for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims from Commercial Lines to P C Other Operations. The reallocated reserves relate to excess liability policies written by a legal entity in P C Other Operations for amounts owed to claimants under the agreement in principle reached with the BSA on sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims in third quarter 2021. In total for the Company, there was no change in 2022 in the liability for settlement amounts owed on the BSA claims. 
 Net unfavorable reserve development in 2021 included an increase in general liability that included a reserve increase related to the settlement with Boy Scouts of America on sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, largely offset by reserve decreases for workers' compensation, package business, catastrophes, commercial property and bond. 
 Prior accident year development in 2021 included reserve increases related to Navigators Group on 2018 and prior accident years that was economically ceded to NICO but for which the benefit was not recognized in earnings as it has been recorded as a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance. 
 2023 Outlook 
 The Company expects Commercial Lines written premiums in 2023 to be higher than written premiums in 2022, with growth across the segment. 
 In 2023, management expects mid-single digit renewal written pricing in lines other than workers' compensation and financial lines with workers compensation pricing expected to be flat to slightly negative. Written pricing increases in 2023 are driven by a number of factors affecting loss costs including the effects of social inflation, higher reinsurance costs, and the cost of materials and labor for repairs. 
 The Company expects the Commercial Lines combined ratio will be 90.5 to 92.5 in 2023, compared to 90.2 in 2022, primarily due to the effect of prior accident year reserve decreases in 2022, partially offset by lower current accident year catastrophe losses assumed for 2023 and a lower expense ratio. We expect overall earned pricing to keep pace with loss trends, while the expense ratio is expected to improve slightly driven by higher earned premium. The underlying combined ratio is expected to be 87.0 to 89.0 in 2023 compared to 88.3 in 2022. 

76 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 | PERSONAL LINES - RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Underwriting Summary 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Written premiums 2,961 2,908 2,936 2 (1 Change in unearned premium reserve 12 (46) (72) 126 36 Earned premiums 2,949 2,954 3,008 (2 Fee income 30 32 34 (6 (6 Losses and loss adjustment expenses Current accident year before catastrophes 1,969 1,840 1,695 7 9 Current accident year catastrophes [1] 208 168 209 24 (20 Prior accident year development [1] (13) (144) (438) 91 67 Total losses and loss adjustment expenses 2,164 1,864 1,466 16 27 Amortization of DAC 228 230 244 (1 (6 Underwriting expenses 594 615 591 (3 4 Amortization of other intangible assets 2 2 4 (50 Underwriting gain (loss) (9) 275 737 (103 (63 Net investment income [2] 140 157 157 (11 Net realized gains (losses) [2] (35) 29 (5) NM NM Net servicing and other income (expense) [3] 17 19 13 (11 46 Income before income taxes 113 480 902 (76 (47 Income tax expense [4] 22 95 184 (77 (48 Net income 91 385 718 (76 (46 
 [1] For discussion of current accident year catastrophes and prior accident year development, see MD A - Critical Accounting Estimates, Property and Casualty Insurance Product Reserves, Net of Reinsurance and Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 [2] For discussion of consolidated investment results, see MD A - Investment Results. 
 [3] Includes servicing revenues of 73, 80, and 81 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively and includes servicing expenses of 55, 61, and 67 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 [4] For discussion of income taxes, see Note 16 - Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Written and Earned Premiums 
 Written Premiums 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Product Line Automobile 2,020 1,997 2,003 1 Homeowners 941 911 933 3 (2 Total 
 2,961 2,908 2,936 2 (1 Earned Premiums Product Line Automobile 2,025 2,035 2,058 (1 Homeowners 924 919 950 1 (3 Total 
 2,949 2,954 3,008 (2 
 77 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Premium Measures 
 2022 2021 2020 Policies in-force end of period (in thousands) Automobile 1,323 1,317 1,369 Homeowners 740 773 826 New business written premium Automobile 227 219 223 Homeowners 74 60 63 Policy count retention [1] Automobile 84 84 84 Homeowners 84 85 84 Renewal written price increase Automobile 4.5 2.2 2.4 Homeowners 10.7 8.5 6.4 Renewal earned price increase Automobile 3.2 2.1 3.4 Homeowners 8.9 8.1 5.7 
 [ 1] Policy count retention represents the ratio of the number of renewal policies issued during the current year period divided by the number of policies issued in the previous calendar period before considering policies cancelled subsequent to renewal. 
 Underwriting Ratios 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Loss and loss adjustment expense ratio Current accident year before catastrophes 
 66.8 62.3 56.3 4.5 6.0 Current accident year catastrophes 
 7.1 5.7 6.9 1.4 (1.2) Prior accident year development 
 (0.4) (4.9) (14.6) 4.5 9.7 Total loss and loss adjustment expense ratio 73.4 63.1 48.7 10.3 14.4 Expense ratio 26.9 27.6 26.8 (0.7) 0.8 Combined ratio 100.3 90.7 75.5 9.6 15.2 Impact of current accident year catastrophes and prior year development (6.7) (0.8) 7.7 (5.9) (8.5) Underlying combined ratio 93.7 89.9 83.1 3.8 6.8 
 Product Combined Ratios 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Automobile Combined ratio 104.1 92.9 85.5 11.2 7.4 Underlying combined ratio 101.3 95.9 88.0 5.4 7.9 Homeowners Combined ratio 92.2 86.8 54.2 5.4 32.6 Underlying combined ratio 77.0 76.5 72.5 0.5 4.0 

78 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Net Income 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net income decreased in 2022, largely driven by a change from underwriting gain to an underwriting loss, a change from net realized gains to net realized losses, and a decrease in net investment income. 
 Underwriting Gain (Loss) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Underwriting gain (loss) changed from a gain to a loss in 2022, primarily due to higher current accident year loss costs before catastrophes in automobile, a decrease in net favorable prior accident year reserve development and, to a lesser extent, an increase in current accident year catastrophe losses and higher current accident year loss costs before catastrophes in homeowners. 
 Underwriting expenses and the expense ratio decreased in 2022 as lower direct marketing costs and incremental cost savings from the Hartford Next initiative were partially offset by higher technology and operations staffing costs. 

Earned Premiums 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Earned premiums were down slightly in 2022 due to the effect of a decline in written premium over the prior twelve months across both Agency channels due to non-renewals exceeding new business, primarily in automobile, largely offset by an increase in AARP direct. 
 
 Written Premiums 
 
 Written premiums increased in automobile in 2022 due to an increase in new business and the effect of written pricing increases. Written premiums increased in homeowners in 2022 primarily due to an increase in new business and the effect of written pricing increases, partially offset by slightly lower policy count retention. 
 Renewal written pricing increases were higher for both automobile and homeowners in 2022 primarily in response to recent higher loss cost trends as well as higher insured values in homeowners. 
 Policy count retention for automobile was flat in 2022 while, for homeowners, policy count retention was down partly due to policyholder response to pricing increases. 
 Policies in-force increased slightly in 2022 for automobile compared to the end of 2021 due to an increase in new 

79 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 business, and decreased for homeowners reflecting the level of new business in relation to non-renewed policies. 
 Current Accident Year Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Ratio before Catastrophes 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Current accident year loss and LAE ratio before catastrophes increased in both automobile and homeowners in 2022. The increase in automobile was due to an increase in automobile liability claim frequency and severity and higher physical damage claim severity due to inflationary effects on parts and repairs, partially offset by earned pricing increases. For homeowners, the increase in the current accident year loss and LAE ratio before catastrophes was due to an increase in homeowners' severity that was partially offset by earned pricing increases and lower frequency of both weather and non-weather claims. Contributing to the increase in homeowners severity was the effect of higher rebuilding costs due to inflation and a greater proportion of non-weather claims, which have higher average severity. 

Current Accident Year Catastrophes and Unfavorable (Favorable) Prior Accident Year Development 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Current accident year catastrophe losses increased in 2022 compared to the prior year. Current accident year catastrophe losses for 2022 included losses for Hurricane Ian as well as wind and hail events primarily in the Northern Plains, Midwest, South and Mountain West, and losses from winter storms. Current accident year catastrophe losses for 2021 included losses from Hurricane Ida, tropical storms, California wildfires, and February winter storms as well as losses largely from tornado, wind and hail events, mostly concentrated in Texas, the Southeast, Midwest and Mountain West. 
 Prior accident year development was less favorable in 2022, with lower reserve reductions for automobile liability and catastrophes. Net favorable prior accident year development in the 2022 period was primarily driven by automobile liability. Prior accident year development was favorable for 2021, with a reduction in personal automobile liability and a decrease in catastrophe reserves, driven by reductions in estimates for prior year hurricanes, tornado hail and wildfires, including the benefit of higher expected subrogation recoveries related to the 2017 and 2018 California wildfires. 

80 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 2023 Outlook 
 Written premium is expected to increase in 2023 compared with 2022 largely driven by written pricing increases. 
 In 2023, the Company expects double-digit written pricing increases in both automobile and home as the effect of recent automobile claim frequency and severity trends are reflected in automobile rate filings, and rate increases in homeowners reflect increasing property loss cost trends. 

The Company expects the combined ratio for Personal Lines will be 100.5 to 102.5 in 2023 compared to 100.3 in 2022 due to a continuation of elevated auto and homeowners loss cost severity and, to a lesser extent, increased auto frequency, as well as the effect of prior accident year reserve decreases in 2022, partly offset by the effect of earned pricing increases. The underlying combined ratio for Personal Lines is expected to be 93.0 to 95.0 in 2023 compared to 93.7 in 2022. 

| PROPERTY CASUALTY OTHER OPERATIONS - RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Underwriting Summary 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Losses and loss adjustment expenses Prior accident year development [1] 
 280 202 258 39 (22 Total losses and loss adjustment expenses 280 202 258 39 (22 Underwriting expenses 9 8 11 13 (27 Underwriting loss (289) (210) (269) (38 22 Net investment income [2] 63 75 55 (16 36 Net realized gains (losses) [2] (16) 13 (1) NM NM Other income (expenses) (1) 1 100 NM Loss before income taxes (242) (123) (214) (97 43 Income tax benefit [3] (52) (28) (46) (86 39 Net loss (190) (95) (168) (100 43 
 [1] For discussion of prior accident year development, see MD A - Critical Accounting Estimates, Property and Casualty Insurance Product Reserves, Net of Reinsurance and Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 [2] For discussion of consolidated investment results, see MD A - Investment Results. 
 [3] For discussion of income taxes, see Note 16 - Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Net Loss 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net loss increased primarily due to a higher underwriting loss, a change from net realized gains in the 2021 period to net realized losses in the 2022 period and a decrease in net investment income. 
 Underwriting loss increased primarily due to higher unfavorable prior accident year reserve development. Unfavorable prior accident year reserve development for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a 229 increase in A E reserves, and reallocating a portion of general liability reserves from Commercial Lines to P C Other Operations related to sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims. The reallocated reserves relate to excess liability policies written by a legal entity in P C Other Operations for amounts owed to claimants under the agreement in principle reached with the BSA on sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims in third quarter 2021. In total for the Company, there was no change in the liability for settlement amounts owed on the BSA claims in the 2022 period. Unfavorable prior accident year development in 2021 included a 155 increase in A E reserves, an increase in reserves for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims, primarily on assumed reinsurance, and a 14 increase in 

81 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 ULAE reserves, partially offset by a reduction in the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. 
 Before NICO reinsurance in 2022, A E reserves were increased by 229 in P C Other Operations, including 161 for asbestos and 68 for environmental. Cumulative adverse A E reserve development ceded to NICO for both ongoing operations and P C Other Operations totaled 1,244 through December 31, 2022 and since this amount exceeds ceded premium paid for the A E ADC of 650, the Company has recognized a 594 deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance as of December 31, 2022, within other liabilities, including a 229 increase in deferred gain in 2022 recognized within P C Other Operations. 

Asbestos reserves prior accident year development in 2022 before NICO reinsurance of 161 was primarily due to an increase in the Company s share of liability due to insolvencies and cost sharing agreements, an increase in claim settlement rates, and higher claim settlement values and defense costs. 
 Environmental reserves prior accident year development in 2022 before NICO reinsurance of 68 was primarily due to increased estimates of liability for PFAS exposure, the resolution of one large mining account, higher environmental site cleanup and monitoring costs, and higher legal expenses. 

| GROUP BENEFITS - RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Operating Summary 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Premiums and other considerations 6,057 5,687 5,536 7 3 Net investment income [1] 524 550 448 (5 23 Net realized gains (losses) [1] (122) 130 22 (194 NM Total revenues 6,459 6,367 6,006 1 6 Benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses 4,520 4,612 4,137 (2 11 Amortization of DAC 33 40 50 (18 (20 Insurance operating costs and other expenses 1,467 1,373 1,308 7 5 Amortization of other intangible assets 40 40 40 Total benefits, losses and expenses 6,060 6,065 5,535 10 Income before income taxes 399 302 471 32 (36 Income tax expense [2] 75 53 88 42 (40 Net income 324 249 383 30 (35 
 [1] For discussion of consolidated investment results, see MD A - Investment Results. 
 [2] For discussion of income taxes, see Note 16 - Income Taxes of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Premiums and Other Considerations 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Fully insured ongoing premiums 5,858 5,502 5,305 6 4 Buyout premiums 12 2 56 NM (96 Fee income 187 183 175 2 5 Total premiums and other considerations 6,057 5,687 5,536 7 3 Fully insured ongoing sales, excluding buyouts 801 760 717 5 6 
 82 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Ratios, Excluding Buyouts 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Group disability loss ratio 68.3 68.2 66.1 0.1 2.1 Group life loss ratio 87.5 101.9 87.5 (14.4) 14.4 Total loss ratio 74.6 81.1 74.5 (6.5) 6.6 Expense ratio [1] 25.3 25.5 25.2 (0.2) 0.3 
 [1]Integration and transaction costs related to the acquisition of Aetna's U.S. group life and disability business are not included in the expense ratio. 
 Margin 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Net income margin 5.0 3.9 6.4 1.1 (2.5) Adjustments to reconcile net income margin to core earnings margin: Net realized losses (gains), before tax 1.8 (2.0 (0.4 3.8 (1.6) Integration and other non-recurring M A costs, before tax 0.1 0.1 0.3 0.0 (0.2) Income tax expense (benefit) (0.4 0.5 (0.9) 0.5 Impact of excluding buyouts from denominator of core earnings margin 0.1 0.0 (0.1) Core earnings margin 6.5 2.5 6.4 4.0 (3.9) 
 Net Income 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net income increased primarily due to a lower loss ratio and additional earnings generated by growth in fully insured ongoing premium, partially offset by a change from net realized gains in the 2021 period to net realized losses in the 2022 period, a decrease in net investment income, and higher insurance operating expenses. 
 Insurance operating costs and other expenses were higher as higher claim costs to handle pandemic related claims, and an increase in technology costs were partially offset by incremental expense savings from the Hartford Next operational transformation and cost reduction program. 

Fully Insured Ongoing Premiums 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Fully insured ongoing premiums increased primarily in group disability driven by an increase in exposure on existing accounts resulting from increased enrollment, low unemployment, and wage increases, as well as strong persistency. 

83 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Fully insured ongoing sales, excluding buyouts increased due to growth from existing customers, including from increased enrollment and customer expansion. 
 Ratios 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Total loss ratio decreased 6.5 points for 2022 due to a lower group life loss ratio. The group life loss ratio decreased 14.4 points driven by a 17.7 point decrease in excess mortality claims partially offset by a higher loss ratio on accidental death business and an increase in expense reserves. For the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, excess 

mortality losses were 160 and 583, respectively. The group disability loss ratio was consistent with prior year as favorable development related to estimates of long-term disability claim incidence and lower COVID-19 related short-term disability losses were offset by less favorable long-term disability claim recoveries and a lower New York Paid Family Leave risk adjustment benefit. 
 Expense ratio decreased slightly in 2022 driven by higher earned premiums and incremental expense savings from the Hartford Next operational transformation and cost reduction program, partially offset by higher claim costs to handle pandemic related claims and an increase in technology costs. 
 2023 Outlook 
 The Company expects Group Benefits fully insured ongoing premiums to increase in 2023 due to higher book persistency and continued strong sales. 
 With COVID shifting from pandemic to endemic state, excess mortality losses are expected to improve in 2023 compared to 2022, though we expect mortality trends will settle above pre-pandemic levels and we are pricing the business accordingly. As a result, group life loss ratios are expected to improve versus 2022. In group disability, we expect some modest moderation of favorable incidence and recovery trends in 2023. 
 Compared to the net income margin of 5.0 in 2022, the net income margin for 2023 is expected to be between 6.0 and 7.0 as the Company does not assume in its plan that realized losses in 2022 will recur in 2023. Compared to a core earnings margin of 6.5 in 2022, the core earnings margin in 2023 is expected to be between 6.0 and 7.0 , subject to uncertainty on mortality and long-term disability loss cost trends. 

| HARTFORD FUNDS - RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Operating Summary 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Fee income and other revenue 1,044 1,189 989 (12 20 Net investment income 9 5 4 80 25 Net realized gains (losses) (24) 4 8 NM (50 Total revenues 1,029 1,198 1,001 (14 20 Amortization of contingent deferred commissions [1] 11 12 14 (8 (14 Operating costs and other expenses 815 913 773 (11 18 Total benefits, losses and expenses 826 925 787 (11 18 Income before income taxes 203 273 214 (26 28 Income tax expense [2] 41 56 44 (27 27 Net income 162 217 170 (25 28 Daily average Hartford Funds AUM 135,124 151,347 120,908 (11 25 Return on Assets ("ROA") [3] 12.0 14.3 14.1 (2.3) 0.2 Adjustments to reconcile ROA to ROA, core earnings: Effect of net realized losses (gains), excluded from core earnings, before tax 1.7 (0.3) (0.7) 2.0 0.4 Effect of income tax expense (benefit) (0.4) 0.1 0.1 (0.5) 0.0 Return on Assets ("ROA"), core earnings [3] 13.3 14.1 13.5 (0.8) 0.6 
 [1] Reported in amortization of DAC in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 [2] For discussion of income taxes, see Note 16 - Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 [3] Represents annualized earnings divided by a daily average of assets under management, as measured in basis points. 
 84 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Hartford Funds Segment AUM 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Mutual Fund and ETF AUM - beginning of period 142,632 124,627 112,533 14 11 Sales - Mutual Fund 29,833 32,399 28,604 (8 13 Redemptions - Mutual Fund (37,981) (28,653) (31,412) (33 9 Net flows - ETF 197 121 (276) 63 144 Net Flows - Mutual Fund and ETF (7,951) 3,867 (3,084) NM NM Change in market value and other (22,209) 14,138 15,178 NM (7 Mutual Fund and ETF AUM - end of period 112,472 142,632 124,627 (21 14 Talcott Resolution life and annuity separate account AUM [1] 11,635 15,263 14,809 (24 3 Hartford Funds AUM - end of period 124,107 157,895 139,436 (21 13 
 [1] Represents AUM of the life and annuity business sold in May 2018 that is still managed by the Company's Hartford Funds segment. 
 Mutual Fund and ETF AUM by Asset Class 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Equity - Mutual Funds 73,782 95,703 82,123 (23 17 Fixed Income - Mutual Funds 15,861 20,113 17,034 (21 18 Multi-Strategy Investments - Mutual Funds [1] 19,975 23,610 22,645 (15 4 Equity - ETF 1,805 2,230 2,207 (19 1 Fixed Income - ETF 1,049 976 618 7 58 Mutual Fund and ETF AUM 112,472 142,632 124,627 (21 14 
 [1] Includes balanced, allocation, and alternative investment products. 
 Net Income 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net income decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 , primarily due to lower fee income net of variable expenses as a result of a decrease in daily average assets under management. Additionally, net income decreased from net realized losses in 2022 related to investments in funds seeded by the Company. 

Hartford Funds AUM 
 
 December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 Hartford Funds AUM decreased primarily due to a decrease in market values over the previous twelve months and, to a lesser extent, due to net outflows. Net outflows wer e 8.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net inflows of 3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

85 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 2023 Outlook 
 Given the lower level of assets under management as the result of market declines in 2022, the Company expects lower net 

income in 2023 than in 2022, though subject to uncertainty based on how markets perform in 2023. 

| CORPORATE - RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Operating Summary 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) From 2021 to 2022 Increase (Decrease) From 2020 to 2021 Fee income [1] 49 50 49 (2 2 Net investment income 26 24 22 8 9 Net realized gains (losses) (45) 73 22 (162 NM Other revenue (loss) 1 (10) 53 110 (119 Total revenues 31 137 146 (77 (6 Benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses [2] 9 7 15 29 (53 Insurance operating costs and other expenses [1] 61 90 76 (32 18 Interest expense [3] 213 234 236 (9 (1 Restructuring and other costs 13 1 104 NM (99 Total benefits, losses and expenses 296 332 431 (11 (23 Loss before income taxes (265) (195) (285) (36 32 Income tax benefit [4] (69) (47) (63) (47 25 Net loss (196) (148) (222) (32 33 Preferred stock dividends 21 21 21 Net loss available to common stockholders (217) (169) (243) (28 30 
 [1] Includes investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of a portion of the invested assets of Talcott Resolution. 
 [2] Includes benefits expense on life and annuity business previously underwritten by the Company. 
 [3] For discussion of debt, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 [4] For discussion of income taxes, see Note 16 - Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Net loss available to common stockholders 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net loss av a ilable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased primarily due to a change from net realized gains in the 2021 period to net realized losses in the 2022 period, as well as restructuring charges and a loss on extinguishment of debt incurred in the 2022 period. 

These changes were partially offset by legal and consulting costs incurred in the 2021 period associated with the unsolicited proposals from Chubb Limited to acquire the Company, lower interest expense in the 2022 period, and the effect of a loss of 11 before tax in the 2021 period from the Company s previously owned equity interest in Talcott Resolution. 
 Interest Expense 

86 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Interest expense decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the redemption of 600 in 7.875 junior 

subordinated debentures in April 2022, partially offset by the issuance of 600 in 2.9 senior notes in September 2021. 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 The Company s Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight, as described more fully in our Proxy Statement, while management is tasked with the day-to-day management of the Company s risks. 

The Company manages and monitors risk through risk policies, controls and limits. At the senior management level, an Enterprise Risk and Capital Committee ERCC oversees the risk profile and risk management practices of the Company. As illustrated below, a number of functional committees sit underneath the ERCC, providing oversight of specific risk areas and recommending risk mitigation strategies to the ERCC. 

ERCC Members CEO (Chair) Chief Financial Officer Chief Investment Officer Chief Risk Officer Chief Underwriting Officer General Counsel Others as deemed necessary by the Committee Chair 
 ERCC Asset Liability Committee Underwriting Risk Committee Emerging Risk Steering Committee Operational Risk Committee Economic Capital Executive Committee Model Oversight Committee 
 The Company's enterprise risk management ("ERM") function supports the ERCC and functional committees, and is tasked with, among other things: 
 risk identification and assessment; 
 the development of risk appetites, tolerances, and limits; 
 risk monitoring; and 
 internal and external risk reporting. 
 The Company categorizes its main risks as insurance risk, operational risk and financial risk, each of which is described in more detail below. 
 
 | INSURANCE RISK 
 Insurance risk is the risk of losses of both a catastrophic and non-catastrophic nature on the P C and Group Benefits products the Company has sold. Catastrophe insurance risk is the exposure arising from both natural catastrophes (e.g., weather, earthquakes, wildfires, pandemics) and man-made catastrophes (e.g., terrorism, cyber-attacks) that create a 

concentration or aggregation of loss across the Company's insurance or asset portfolios. 
 Sources of Insurance Risk Non-catastrophe insurance risks exist within each of the Company's segments except Hartford Funds and include: 
 Property- Risk of loss to personal or commercial property from automobile related accidents, weather, explosions, smoke, shaking, fire, theft, vandalism, inadequate installation, faulty equipment, collisions and falling objects, and/or machinery mechanical breakdown resulting in physical damage, losses from PV T and other covered perils. 
 Liability- Risk of loss from automobile related accidents, uninsured and underinsured drivers, lawsuits from accidents, defective products, breach of warranty, negligent acts by professional practitioners, environmental claims, latent exposures, fraud, coercion, forgery, failure to fulfill obligations per contract surety, liability from errors and omissions, losses from CPRI coverages, losses from derivative lawsuits, and other securities actions and covered perils. 

87 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Mortality- Risk of loss from unexpected trends in insured deaths impacting timing of payouts from group life insurance, personal or commercial automobile related accidents, and death of employees or executives during the course of employment, while on disability, or while collecting workers compensation benefits. 
 Morbidity- Risk of loss to an insured from illness incurred during the course of employment or illness from other covered perils. 
 Disability- Risk of loss incurred from personal or commercial automobile related losses, accidents arising outside of the workplace, injuries or accidents incurred during the course of employment, or from equipment, with each loss resulting in short term or long-term disability payments. 
 Longevity- Risk of loss from increased life expectancy trends among policyholders receiving long-term benefit payments. 
 Cyber Insurance - Risk of loss to property, breach of data and business interruption from various types of cyber-attacks. 
 Catastrophe risk primarily arises in the property, automobile, workers' compensation, casualty, group life, and group disability lines of business but could also arise from other coverages such as losses under PV T and CPRI policies. Not all insurance losses arising from catastrophe risk are categorized as catastrophe losses within the segment operating results. For example, losses arising from the COVID-19 pandemic were not categorized as catastrophe losses within either the P C or Group Benefits segments as the pandemic was not identified as a catastrophe event by the Property Claim Service in the U.S. See the term Current Accident Year Catastrophe Ratio within the Key Performance Measures section of MD A for an explanation of how the Company defines catastrophe losses in its financial reporting. 
 Impact Non-catastrophe insurance risk can arise from unexpected loss experience, underpriced business and/or underestimation of loss reserves and can have significant effects on the Company s earnings. Catastrophe insurance risk 

can arise from various unpredictable events and can have significant effects on the Company's earnings and may result in losses that could constrain its liquidity. 
 Management The Company's policies and procedures for managing these risks include disciplined underwriting protocols, exposure controls, sophisticated risk-based pricing, risk modeling, risk transfer, and capital management strategies. The Company has established underwriting guidelines for both individual risks, including individual policy limits, and risks in the aggregate, including aggregate exposure limits by geographic zone and peril. The Company uses both internal and third-party models to estimate the potential loss resulting from various catastrophe events and the potential financial impact those events would have on the Company's financial position and results of operations across its businesses. 
 The Hartford closely monitors scientific literature on climate change to help identify climate change risks impacting our business. We use data from the scientific community and other outside experts including partnerships with third-party catastrophe modeling firms to inform our risk management activities and stay abreast of potential implications of climate-related impacts that we incorporate into our risk assessment. We regularly study these climate change implications and incorporate these risks into our catastrophe risk assessment and management strategy through product pricing, underwriting and management of aggregate risk to manage implications of severe weather and climate change in our insurance portfolio. 
 In addition, certain insurance products offered by The Hartford provide coverage for losses incurred due to cyber events and the Company has assessed and modeled how those products would respond to different events in order to manage its aggregate exposure to losses incurred under the insurance policies we sell. The Company models numerous deterministic scenarios including losses caused by malware, data breach, distributed denial of service attacks, intrusions of cloud environments and attacks of power grids. 
 Among specific risk tolerances set by the Company, risk limits are set for natural catastrophes, terrorism risk and pandemic risk. 

88 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Risk Definition Details and Company Limits Natural catastrophe Exposure arising from natural phenomena (e.g., earthquakes, wildfires, etc.) that create a concentration or aggregation of loss across the Company's insurance or asset portfolios and the inherent volatility of weather or climate pattern changes. The Company generally limits its estimated before tax loss as a result of natural catastrophes for property casualty exposures from a single 250-year event to less than 30 of the reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries prior to reinsurance and to less than 15 of the reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries after reinsurance. The Company generally limits its estimated before tax loss from an aggregation of multiple natural catastrophe events for an all-peril annual aggregate 100-year event to less than 18 reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty insurance subsidiaries after reinsurance. From time to time the estimated loss from natural catastrophes may fluctuate above or below these limits due to changes in modeled loss estimates, exposures or statutory surplus. [1] 
 
 The table below represents the estimated before tax catastrophe loss exceedance probabilities, from an aggregate of all catastrophe events occurring in a one-year timeframe before and after reinsurance and from a single hurricane or earthquake occurrence. 
 Modeled Loss Gross and Net of Reinsurance [2] Probability of Loss Exceedance [3] 
 Gross of Reinsurance Net of Reinsurance Aggregate annual all-peril (1-in-100) (1.0 2,247 1,320 Aggregate annual all-peril (1-in-250) (0.4 3,111 1,888 Hurricane single occurrence (1-in-100) (1.0 1,269 523 Hurricane single occurrence (1-in-250) (0.4 1,965 1,067 Earthquake single occurrence (1-in-100) (1.0 860 442 Earthquake single occurrence (1-in-250) (0.4 1,463 651 Terrorism The risk of losses from terrorist attacks, including losses caused by single-site and multi-site conventional attacks, as well as the potential for attacks using nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological weapons NBCR ). Enterprise limits for terrorism apply to aggregations of risk across property casualty, group benefits and specific asset portfolios and are defined based on a deterministic, single-site conventional terrorism attack scenario. The Company manages its potential estimated loss from a conventional terrorism loss scenario, up to 2.0 billion net of reinsurance and 2.5 billion gross of reinsurance, before coverage under TRIPRA. In addition, the Company monitors exposures monthly and employs both internally developed and vendor-licensed loss modeling tools as part of its risk management discipline. Our modeled exposures to conventional terrorist attacks around landmark locations may fluctuate above and below our stated limits. Pandemic The exposure to loss arising from widespread influenza or other pathogens or bacterial infections that create an aggregation of loss across the Company's insurance or asset portfolios. The Company generally limits its estimated before tax loss from a single 250 year pandemic event to less than 18 of the aggregate reported capital and surplus of the property and casualty and group benefits insurance subsidiaries. In evaluating these scenarios, the Company assesses the impact on group life, short-term disability, long-term disability and property casualty claims. While ERM has a process to track and manage these limits, from time to time, the estimated loss for pandemics may fluctuate above or below these limits due to changes in modeled loss estimates, exposures, or statutory surplus. In addition, the Company assesses losses in the investment portfolio associated with market declines in the event of a widespread pandemic. [1] 
 [1] For U.S. insurance subsidiaries, reported capital and surplus is equal to actual U.S. statutory capital and surplus. For Navigators Insurers in non-U.S. jurisdictions, reported capital and surplus is equal to U.S. GAAP equity of those subsidiaries less certain assets such as goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 [2] The loss estimates represent total property modeled losses for hurricane single occurrence events, property and workers' compensation modeled losses for earthquake single occurrence events, and modeled aggregate annual losses for natural catastrophes from all perils (hurricane, flood, earthquake, hail, tornado, wildfire and winter storms). The net loss estimates provided assume that the Company is able to recover all losses ceded to reinsurers under its reinsurance programs. The Company also manages natural catastrophe risk for group life and group disability, which in combination with property and workers compensation loss estimates are subject to separate enterprise risk management net aggregate loss limits as a percent of enterprise surplus. 
 [3] The modeled probability of loss exceedance represents the likelihood of a loss from single peril occurrence or from an aggregate of catastrophe events from all perils to exceed the indicated amount in a one-year time frame. 
 Reinsurance as a Risk Management Strategy 
 The Company uses reinsurance to transfer certain risks to reinsurance companies based on specific geographic or risk concentrations. A variety of traditional reinsurance products are used as part of the Company's risk management strategy, including excess of loss occurrence-based products that reinsure property and workers' compensation exposures, and individual risk (including facultative reinsurance) or quota share arrangements, that reinsure losses from specific classes or lines of business. The Company has no significant finite risk contracts in place and the statutory surplus benefit from all such prior year 

contracts is immaterial. The Hartford also participates in governmentally administered reinsurance facilities such as the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund FHCF ), TRIPRA and other reinsurance programs relating to particular risks or specific lines of business. 
 Reinsurance for Catastrophes - The Company utilizes various reinsurance programs to mitigate catastrophe losses including excess of loss occurrence-based treaties covering property and workers compensation, an aggregate property catastrophe treaty, and individual risk agreements (including facultative reinsurance) that reinsure losses from specific classes or lines 

89 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 of business. The aggregate property catastrophe treaty covers the aggregate losses of catastrophe events designated by the Property Claim Services office of Verisk and, for international business, net losses arising from two or more risks involved in the same loss occurrence totaling at least 500 thousand, in excess of a 750 retention. The occurrence-based property catastrophe treaty responds in excess of 150 per occurrence for all perils other than earthquakes and named hurricanes and 

tropical storms. For earthquakes and named tropical storms the occurrence based property treaty responds in excess of 350 per occurrence. The occurrence property catastrophe treaty and workers compensation catastrophe treaties beginning with the January 1, 2021 renewal do not cover pandemic losses, as most industry reinsurance programs exclude communicable disease. The Company has reinsurance in place to cover individual group life losses in excess of 1 per person. 

Primary Catastrophe Treaty Reinsurance Coverages as of January 1, 2023 [1] 
 
 Portion of losses reinsured 
 Portion of losses retained by The Hartford 
 Per Occurrence Property Catastrophe Treaty from 1/1/2023 to 12/31/2023 [1] [2] Losses of 0 to 150 None 100 retained Losses of 150 to 350 for earthquakes and named hurricanes and tropical storms [3] None 100 retained Losses of 150 to 350 from one event other than earthquakes and named hurricanes and tropical storms [3] 60 of 200 in excess of 150 40 co-participation Losses of 350 to 500 from one event (all perils) 75 of 150 in excess of 350 25 co-participation Losses of 500 to 1.1 billion from one event [4] (all perils) 90 of 600 in excess of 500 10 co-participation Aggregate Property Catastrophe Treaty for 1/1/2023 to 12/31/2023 [5] 0 to 750 of aggregate losses None 100 retained 750 to 950 of aggregate losses 100 None Workers' Compensation Catastrophe Treaty for 1/1/2023 to 12/31/2023 Losses of 0 to 100 from one event None 100 retained Losses of 100 to 450 from one event [6] 80 of 350 in excess of 100 20 co-participation 
 [1] These treaties do not cover the assumed reinsurance business which purchases its own retrocessional coverage. 
 [2] In addition to the Per Occurrence Property Catastrophe Treaty, for Florida homeowners wind events, The Hartford has purchased the mandatory FHCF reinsurance for the annual period starting June 1, 2022. Retention and coverage varies by writing company. The writing company with the largest coverage under FHCF is Hartford Insurance Company of the Midwest, with coverage of 41 in per event losses in excess of a 19 retention (estimates are based on best available information at this time and are periodically updated as information is made available by Florida). 
 [3] Named hurricanes and tropical storms are defined as any storm or storm system declared to be a hurricane or tropical storm by the US National Hurricane Center, US Weather Prediction Center, or their successor organizations (being divisions of the US National Weather Service). 
 [4] Portions of this layer of coverage extend beyond a traditional one year term. 
 [5] The aggregate treaty is not limited to a single event; rather, it is designed to provide reinsurance protection for the aggregate of all catastrophe events (up to 350 per event), either designated by the Property Claim Services office of Verisk or, for international business, net losses arising from two or more risks involved in the same loss occurrence totaling at least 500 thousand. All catastrophe losses, except assumed reinsurance business losses, apply toward satisfying the 750 attachment point under the aggregate treaty. 
 [6] In addition to the limits shown, the workers' compensation reinsurance includes a non-catastrophe, industrial accident layer, providing coverage for 80 of 25 in per event losses in excess of a 25 retention. 
 In addition to the property catastrophe reinsurance coverage described in the above table, the Company has other reinsurance agreements that cover property catastrophe losses, some of which provide for reinstatement of limits in the event of loss with reinstatement provisions varying depending on the layer of coverage. The Per Occurrence Property Catastrophe Treaty, and Workers' Compensation Catastrophe Treaty include a provision to reinstate one limit in the event that a catastrophe loss exhausts limits on one or more layers under the treaties. 
 Reinsurance for Terrorism - For the risk of terrorism, private sector catastrophe reinsurance capacity is generally limited and largely unavailable for terrorism losses caused by nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks. As such, the Company's principal reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through TRIPRA to the end of 2027. 

TRIPRA provides a backstop for insurance-related losses resulting from any act of terrorism , which is certified by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General, for losses that exceed a threshold of industry losses of 200. Under the program, in any one calendar year, the federal government will pay a percentage of losses incurred from a certified act of terrorism after an insurer's losses exceed 20 of the Company's eligible direct commercial earned premiums of the prior calendar year up to a combined annual aggregate limit for the federal government and all insurers of 100 billion. The percentage of losses paid by the federal government is 80 . The Company's estimated deductible under the program is 1.9 billion for 2023. If an act of terrorism or acts of terrorism result in covered losses exceeding the 100 billion annual industry aggregate limit, Congress would be responsible for determining how additional losses in excess of 100 billion will be paid. 

90 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Reinsurance for A E and Navigators Group Reserve Development - The Company has two ADC reinsurance agreements in place, both of which are accounted for as retroactive reinsurance. One agreement covers substantially all A E reserve development for 2016 and prior accident years (the A E ADC up to an aggregate limit of 1.5 billion and the other covered substantially all reserve development of Navigators Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates for 2018 and 

prior accident years Navigators ADC up to an aggregate limit of 300. As the Company has ceded all of the 300 available limit under the Navigators ADC, there is no remaining limit available as of December 31, 2022. For more information on the A E ADC and the Navigators ADC, see Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 11, Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Reinsurance Recoverables 
 Property and Casualty insurance product reinsurance recoverables represent loss and loss adjustment expense recoverables from a number of entities, including reinsurers and pools. A portion of the total gross reinsurance recoverables balance relates to the Company s participation in various mandatory (assigned) and involuntary risk pools and the value of annuity contracts held under structured settlement agreements. 
 Group Benefits and Corporate reinsurance recoverables represent reserves for future policy benefits and unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses and other policyholder funds and benefits payable that are recoverable from a number of reinsurers. 
 The table below shows the gross and net reinsurance recoverables reported in the Property and Casualty and Group Benefits reporting segments as well as Corporate. 
 To manage reinsurer credit risk, a reinsurance security review committee evaluates the credit standing, financial performance, management and operational quality of each potential reinsurer. 
 In placing reinsurance, the Company considers the nature of the risk reinsured, including the expected liability payout duration, and establishes limits tiered by reinsurer credit rating. Where its contracts permit, the Company secures future claim obligations with various forms of collateral or other credit enhancement, 

including irrevocable letters of credit, secured trusts, funds held accounts and group wide offsets. As part of its reinsurance recoverable review, the Company analyzes recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants, recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedants and reinsurers and the overall credit quality of the Company s reinsurers. For further discussion on reinsurance recoverables, including details of recoverables by AM Best credit rating, see Note 8 Reinsurance of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Annually, the Company completes evaluations of the reinsurance recoverable asset associated with older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in the Property Casualty Other Operations reporting segment and the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance reported in the Commercial Lines and Group Benefits reporting segments as well as the Corporate category. For a discussion regarding the results of the evaluation of older, long-term casualty liabilities reported in the Property Casualty Other Operations reporting segment, see MD A - Critical Accounting Estimates, Property and Casualty Insurance Product Reserves, Net of Reinsurance. For a discussion of the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, see Note 8 Reinsurance of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Reinsurance Recoverables as of December 31, 
 Property and Casualty Group Benefits Corporate Total 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Paid loss and loss adjustment expenses 300 319 6 5 306 324 Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses 6,257 5,774 245 246 263 278 6,765 6,298 Gross reinsurance recoverables 6,557 6,093 251 251 263 278 7,071 6,622 Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance (102) (96) (1) (1) (2) (2) (105) (99) Net reinsurance recoverables 6,455 5,997 250 250 261 276 6,966 6,523 
 
 Guaranty Funds and Other Insurance-related Assessments 
 As part of its risk management strategy, the Company regularly monitors the financial strength of other insurers and, in particular, activity by insurance regulators and various state guaranty associations in the U.S. relating to troubled insurers. In all states, insurers licensed to transact certain classes of insurance are required to become members of a guaranty fund. 
 
 | OPERATIONAL RISK 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human error, or from external events. 

Sources of Operational Risk Operational risk is inherent in the Company's business and functional areas. Operational risks include: compliance with laws and regulations, cybersecurity, business disruption, technology failure, inadequate execution or process management, reliance on model and data analytics, internal fraud, external fraud, third party dependency and attraction and retention of talent. 
 Impact Operational risk can result in financial loss, disruption of our business, regulatory actions or damage to our reputation. 
 Management Responsibility for day-to-day management of operational risk lies within each business unit and functional area. ERM provides an enterprise-wide view of the Company's operational risk on an aggregate basis. ERM is responsible for 

91 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 establishing, maintaining and communicating the framework, principles and guidelines of the Company's operational risk management program. Operational risk mitigation strategies include the following: 
 Establishing policies and monitoring risk tolerances and exceptions; 
 Conducting business risk assessments and implementing action plans where necessary; 
 Validating existing crisis management protocols; 
 Identifying and monitoring emerging risks; and 
 Purchasing insurance coverage. 
 
 Cybersecurity Risk 
 The Hartford has implemented an information protection program with established governance routines that promote an adaptive approach for assessing and managing risks. The Hartford employs a defense-in-depth strategy that uses multiple security measures to protect the integrity of the Company's information assets. This defense-in-depth strategy aligns to the National Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") Cyber Security Framework and provides preventative, detective and responsive measures that collectively protects the Company. The Hartford continually assesses cyber capabilities and threat detection. Various cyber assurance methods, including security metrics, third party security assessments, external penetration testing, red team exercises, and cyber incident response exercises are used to test the effectiveness of the overall cybersecurity control environment. Additionally, the Company collaborates with industry associations, government authorities, peers and external advisors to monitor the threat environment and to inform our security practices. 
 The Hartford, like many other large financial services companies, blocks attempted cyber intrusions on a daily basis. In the event of a cyber intrusion, the Company invokes its Cyber Incident Response Program (the "Program") commensurate with the nature of the intrusion. While the actual methods employed differ based on the event, our approach uses internal teams and outside advisors with specialized skills to support the response and recovery efforts and requires elevation of issues, as necessary, to senior management. In addition, we have procedures to ensure timely notification of critical cybersecurity incidents pursuant to the Program to help identify employees who may have material non-public information and to implement blackout restrictions on trading the Company's securities during the investigation and assessment of such cybersecurity incidents. 
 From a governance perspective, senior members of our Enterprise Risk Management, Information Protection and Internal Audit functions provide detailed, regular reports on cybersecurity matters to the Board. The Audit Committee, which oversees controls for the Company's major risk exposures, has principal responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity risk. The topics covered by these updates include the Company's activities, policies and procedures to prevent, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, as well as lessons learned from cybersecurity incidents and internal and external testing of our cyber defenses. In 2022, the Audit Committee received five updates on cybersecurity matters. 

| FINANCIAL RISK 
 Financial risks include direct and indirect risks to the Company's financial objectives from events that impact financial market conditions and the value of financial assets. Some events may cause correlated movement in multiple risk factors. The primary sources of financial risks are the Company's invested assets. 
 Consistent with its risk appetite, the Company establishes financial risk limits to control potential loss on a U.S. GAAP, statutory, and economic basis. Exposures are actively monitored and managed, with risks mitigated where appropriate. The Company uses various risk management strategies, including limiting aggregation of risk, portfolio re-balancing and hedging with over-the-counter ("OTC") and exchange-traded derivatives with counterparties meeting the appropriate regulatory and due diligence requirements. Derivatives are utilized to achieve the following Company-approved objectives: (1) hedging risk arising from interest rate, equity market, commodity market, credit spread and issuer default, price or currency exchange rate risk or volatility; (2) managing liquidity; (3) controlling transaction costs; and (4) engaging in income generation covered call transactions and synthetic replication transactions. Derivative activities are monitored and evaluated by the Company s compliance and risk management teams and reviewed by senior management. The Company identifies different categories of financial risk, including liquidity, credit, interest rate, equity, and foreign currency exchange. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Liquidity risk is the risk to current or prospective earnings or capital arising from the Company's inability or perceived inability to meet its contractual funding obligations as they come due. 
 Sources of Liquidity Risk Sources of liquidity risk include funding risk, company-specific liquidity risk and market liquidity risk resulting from differences in the amount and timing of sources and uses of cash as well as company-specific and general market conditions. Stressed market conditions may impact the ability to sell assets or otherwise transact business and may result in a significant loss in value of the investment portfolio. 
 Impact Inadequate capital resources and liquidity could negatively affect the Company s overall financial strength and its ability to generate cash flows from its businesses, borrow funds at competitive rates, and raise new capital to meet operating and growth needs. 
 Management The Company has defined ongoing monitoring and reporting requirements to assess liquidity across the enterprise under both current and stressed market conditions. The Company measures and manages liquidity risk exposures and funding needs within prescribed limits across legal entities, taking into account legal, regulatory and operational limitations to the transferability of liquid assets among legal entities. The Company also monitors internal and external conditions, and identifies material risk changes and emerging risks that may impact operating cash flows or liquid assets. The liquidity requirements of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. ("HFSG Holding Company") have been and will continue to be met by the HFSG Holding Company's 

92 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 fixed maturities, short-term investments and cash, and dividends from its subsidiaries, principally from its insurance operations, as well as the issuance of common stock, debt or other capital securities and borrowings from its credit facilities as needed. The Company maintains multiple sources of contingent liquidity including a revolving credit facility, an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among the HFSG Holding Company and certain affiliates, and access to collateralized advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ("FHLBB") for certain affiliates. The Company's CFO has primary responsibility for liquidity risk. 
 
 Credit Risk and Counterparty Risk 
 Credit risk is the risk to earnings or capital due to uncertainty of an obligor s or counterparty s ability or willingness to meet its obligations in accordance with contractually agreed upon terms. Credit risk is comprised of three major factors: the risk of change in credit quality, or credit migration risk; the risk of default; and the risk of a change in value due to changes in credit spreads. 
 Sources of Credit Risk The majority of the Company s credit risk is concentrated in its investment holdings and use of derivatives, but it is also present in the Company s ceded reinsurance activities and various insurance products. 
 Impact A decline in creditworthiness is typically reflected as an increase in an investment s credit spread and an associated decline in the investment's fair value, potentially resulting in recording an ACL and an increased probability of a realized loss upon sale. In certain instances, counterparties may default on their obligations and the Company may realize a loss on default. Premiums receivable, including premiums for retrospectively rated plans, reinsurance recoverable and deductible losses recoverable are also subject to credit risk based on the counterparty s inability to pay. 
 Management The objective of the Company s enterprise credit risk management strategy is to identify, quantify, and manage credit risk in aggregate and to limit potential losses in accordance with the Company's credit risk management policy. The Company manages its credit risk by managing aggregations of risk, holding a diversified mix of issuers and counterparties across its investment, reinsurance, and insurance portfolios and limiting exposure to any specific reinsurer or counterparty. Potential credit losses can be mitigated through diversification (e.g., geographic regions, asset types, industry sectors), hedging and the use of collateral to reduce net credit exposure. 
 The Company manages credit risk through the use of various surveillance, analyses and governance processes. The investment and reinsurance areas have formal policies and procedures for counterparty approvals and authorizations, which establish criteria defining minimum levels of creditworthiness and financial stability for eligible counterparties. Potential investments are subject to underwriting reviews and private securities are subject to management approval. Mitigation strategies vary across the three sources of credit risk, but may include: 
 Investing in a portfolio of high-quality and diverse securities; 
 Selling investments subject to credit risk; 

Hedging through use of credit default swaps; 
 Clearing derivative transactions through central clearing houses that require daily variation margin; 
 Entering into derivative and reinsurance contracts only with strong creditworthy institutions; 
 Requiring collateral; and 
 Non-renewing policies/contracts or reinsurance treaties. 
 The Company has developed credit exposure thresholds which are based upon counterparty ratings. Aggregate counterparty credit quality and exposure are monitored on a daily basis utilizing an enterprise-wide credit exposure information system that contains data on issuers, ratings, exposures, and credit limits. Exposures are tracked on a current and potential basis and aggregated by ultimate parent of the counterparty across investments, reinsurance receivables, insurance products with credit risk, and derivatives. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no investment exposure to any credit concentration risk of a single issuer or counterparty greater than 10 of the Company's stockholders' equity, other than the U.S. government and certain U.S. government agencies. For further discussion of concentration of credit risk in the investment portfolio, see the Concentration of Credit Risk section in Note 5 - Investments of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Subject to Credit Risk 
 Investments Essentially all of the Company's invested assets are subject to credit risk. In 2022, there were net credit losses on fixed maturities, AFS and an increase in the ACL on mortgage loans of 18 and 7 respectively. In 2021, there were net credit recoveries on fixed maturities, AFS and a decrease in the ACL on mortgage loans of 4 and 9 respectively, primarily due to an improved economic environment. Refer to the Investment Portfolio Risk section of Financial Risk Management under Credit Losses on Fixed Maturities, AFS and Intent-to-Sell Impairments" and "ACL on Mortgage Loans . 
 Reinsurance recoverables Reinsurance recoverables, net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, were 6,966 and 6,523 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. Refer to the Enterprise Risk Management section of the MD A under Reinsurance as a Risk Management Strategy. 
 
 Premiums receivable and agents' balances Premiums receivable and agents balances, net of an ACL, were 4,949 and 4,445, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For a discussion regarding collectibility of these balances, see Note 7 - Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Credit Risk of Derivatives 
 The Company uses various derivative counterparties in executing its derivative transactions. The use of counterparties creates credit risk that the counterparty may not perform in accordance with the terms of the derivative transaction. 

93 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Downgrades to the credit ratings of the Company s insurance operating companies may have adverse implications for its use of derivatives. In some cases, downgrades may give derivative counterparties for OTC derivatives and clearing brokers for OTC-cleared derivatives the right to cancel and settle outstanding derivative trades or require additional collateral to be posted. In addition, downgrades may result in counterparties and clearing brokers becoming unwilling to engage in or clear additional derivatives or may require additional collateralization before entering into any new trades. 
 Managing the Credit Risk of Counterparties to Derivative Instruments 
 The Company also has derivative counterparty exposure policies which limit the Company s exposure to credit risk. The Company monitors counterparty exposure on a monthly basis to ensure compliance with Company policies and statutory limitations. The Company s policies with respect to derivative counterparty exposure establishes market-based credit limits, favors long-term financial stability and creditworthiness of the counterparty and typically requires credit enhancement/credit risk reducing agreements, which are monitored and evaluated by the Company s risk management team and reviewed by senior management. 
 The Company minimizes the credit risk of derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high quality counterparties primarily rated A or better. The Company also generally requires that OTC derivative contracts be governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") Master Agreement, which is structured by legal entity and by counterparty and permits right of offset. The Company enters into credit support annexes in conjunction with the ISDA agreements, which require daily collateral settlement based upon agreed upon thresholds. 
 The Company also has derivative counterparty exposure policies which limit the Company s exposure to credit risk. Credit exposures are generally quantified based on the prior business day s net fair value, including income accruals, of all derivative positions transacted with a single counterparty for each separate legal entity. The notional amount of derivative contracts represents the basis upon which pay or receive amounts are calculated and are not necessarily reflective of credit risk. The Company enters into collateral arrangements in connection with its derivatives positions and collateral is pledged to or held by, or on behalf of, the Company to the extent the exposure is greater than zero, subject to minimum transfer thresholds, if applicable. In accordance with industry standards and the contractual requirements, collateral is typically settled on the same business day. For further discussion, see the Derivative Commitments section of Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Use of Credit Derivatives 
 The Company may also use credit default swaps to manage credit exposure or to assume credit risk to enhance yield. 
 Credit Risk Reduced Through Credit Derivatives 
 The Company uses credit derivatives to purchase credit protection with respect to a single entity or referenced index. The Company purchases credit protection through credit default swaps to economically hedge and manage credit risk of certain fixed maturity investments across multiple sectors of the investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notional amount related to credit derivatives that purchase credit 

protection was 11 and 112, respectively, while the fair value was 0 and (2), respectively. These amounts do not include positions that are in offsetting relationships. 
 Credit Risk Assumed Through Credit Derivatives 
 The Company may also enter into credit default swaps that assume credit risk as part of replication transactions. Replication transactions are used as an economical means to synthetically replicate the characteristics and performance of assets that are permissible investments under the Company s investment policies. These swaps primarily reference investment grade single corporate issuers and indexes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not hold credit default swaps that assume credit risk. 
 For further information on credit derivatives, see Note 6 - Derivatives of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Credit Risk of Business Operations 
 A portion of the Company's Commercial Lines business is written with large deductibles or under retrospectively-rated plans. Under some commercial insurance contracts with a large deductible, the Company is obligated to pay the claimant the full amount of the claim and the Company is subsequently reimbursed by the policyholder for the deductible amount. As such, the Company is subject to credit risk until reimbursement is made. Retrospectively-rated policies are utilized primarily for workers' compensation coverage, whereby the ultimate premium is adjusted based on actual losses incurred. Although the premium adjustment feature of a retrospectively-rated policy substantially reduces insurance risk for the Company, it presents credit risk to the Company. The Company s results of operations could be adversely affected if a significant portion of such policyholders failed to reimburse the Company for the deductible amount or the amount of additional premium owed under retrospectively-rated policies. The Company manages these credit risks through credit analysis, collateral requirements, and regular monitoring. For more information, see Note 7- Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk of financial loss due to adverse changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from movements in interest rates. Interest rate risk encompasses exposures with respect to changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the term structure of rates and the volatility of interest rates. Interest rate risk does not include exposure to changes in credit spreads. 
 Sources of Interest Rate Risk The Company has exposure to interest rate risk arising from investments in fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans, issuances by the Company of debt securities, preferred stock and similar securities, discount rate assumptions associated with the Company s claim reserves and pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, and assets that support the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 Impact Changes in interest rates from current levels can have both favorable and unfavorable effects for the Company. 

94 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Change in Interest Rates Favorable Effects Unfavorable Effects Additional net investment income due to reinvesting at higher yields and higher yields on variable rate securities 
 Decrease in the fair value of the fixed income investment portfolio 
 
 Increase in the fair value of the fixed income investment portfolio 
 Lower net investment income due to reinvesting at lower yields and lower yields on variable rate securities 
 
 Acceleration in paydowns and prepayments or calls of certain mortgage-backed and municipal securities 
 
 Management The Company manages its exposure to interest rate risk by constructing investment portfolios that seek to protect the Company from the economic impact associated with changes in interest rates by setting portfolio duration targets that are aligned with the duration of the liabilities that they support. The Company analyzes interest rate risk using various models including parametric models and cash flow simulation under various market scenarios of the liabilities and their supporting investment portfolios. Key metrics that the Company uses to quantify its exposure to interest rate risk inherent in its invested assets and the associated liabilities include duration, convexity and key rate duration. 
 The Company primarily utilizes interest rate swaps and, to a lesser extent, futures to mitigate interest rate risk associated with its investment portfolio or liabilities and to manage portfolio duration. Interest rate swaps are primarily used to convert interest receipts or payments to a fixed or variable rate. The use of such swaps enables the Company to customize contract terms and conditions to desired objectives and manage the duration profile within established tolerances. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, notional amounts pertaining to derivatives utilized to manage interest rate risk, including offsetting positions, totaled 9.4 billion and 9.9 billion, respectively, and primarily relate to hedging invested assets. The fair value of these derivatives was (6) and (46) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Assets and Liabilities Subject to Interest Rate Risk 
 Fixed income investments The fair value of fixed income investments, which include fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, and short-term investments, was 46.4 billion and 51.9 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average duration of the portfolio, including derivative instruments, was approximately 4.0 years and 4.3 years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in the fair value of fixed maturities due to changes in interest rates are reflected as a component of AOCI. 
 Long-term debt obligations The Company's variable rate debt obligations will generally result in increased interest expense as a result of higher interest rates; the inverse is true during a declining interest rate environment. However, as explained in Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has entered into an interest-rate swap agreement to effectively convert variable interest rate payments on its 3 Month London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") + 2.125 notes to fixed interest payments. Changes in the value of fixed rate long-term debt as a result of changes in interest rates will impact the fair value of these instruments but not the carrying value in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Group life and disability product liabilities The cash outflows associated with contracts issued by the Company's Group Benefits segment, primarily group life and short and long-term disability policy liabilities, are not interest rate sensitive but vary based on timing. Though the aggregate cash flow payment streams are relatively predictable, these products rely upon actuarial pricing assumptions (including mortality and morbidity) and have an element of cash flow uncertainty. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 8,540 and 8,609, respectively of reserves for group life and disability contracts. Changes in the value of the liabilities as a result of changes in interest rates will impact the fair value of these instruments but not the carrying value in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations The Company s pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are exposed to interest rate risk based upon the sensitivity of present value obligations to changes in liability discount rates as well as the sensitivity of the fair value of investments in the plan portfolios to changes in interest rates. The discount rate assumption is based upon an interest rate yield curve that reflects high-quality fixed income investments consistent with the maturity profile of the expected liability cash flows. The Company is exposed to the risk of having to make additional plan contributions if the plans investment returns, including from investments in fixed maturities, are lower than expected. (For further discussion of discounting pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, refer to Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 

95 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Group Life and Disability Reserves and Invested Assets Supporting Them 
 Included in the following table is the before tax change in the net economic value of contracts issued by the Company s Group Benefits segment, primarily group life and disability, for which fixed valuation discount rate assumptions are established based upon investment returns assumed in pricing, along with the corresponding invested assets. Also included in this analysis are the interest rate sensitive derivatives used by the Company to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk in the investment portfolios supporting these contracts. This analysis does not include the assets and corresponding liabilities of other insurance products such as automobile, property, workers' compensation and general liability insurance. Certain financial instruments, such as limited partnerships and other alternative investments, have been omitted from the analysis as the interest rate sensitivity of these investments is generally lower and less predictable than fixed income investments. The calculation of the estimated hypothetical change in net economic value below assumes a 100 basis point upward and downward parallel shift in the yield curve. 
 The selection of the 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve was made only as an illustration of the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. Actual results could differ materially from those illustrated below due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. The Company s sensitivity analysis calculation assumes that the composition of invested assets and liabilities remain materially consistent throughout the year and that the current relationship between short-term and long-term interest rates will remain constant over time. As a result, these calculations may not fully capture the impact of portfolio re-allocations, significant product sales or non-parallel changes in interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity of Group Benefits Reserves and Invested Assets Supporting Them 
 Change in Net Economic Value as of December 31, 
 2022 2021 Basis point shift -100 +100 -100 +100 Increase (decrease) in economic value, before tax 71 (71) 101 (94) 
 The carrying value of assets related to supporting Group Benefits, primarily long-term disability reserves, was 9.8 billion and 11.3 billion, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and included fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans and short-term investments. The assets are monitored and managed within set duration guidelines and are evaluated on a daily basis, as well as annually, using scenario simulation techniques in compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 Invested Assets not Supporting Group Life and Disability Reserves 
 The following table provides an analysis showing the estimated before tax change in the fair value of the Company s investments and related derivatives, excluding assets supporting group life and disability reserves which are included in the table above, assuming 100 basis point upward and 

downward parallel shifts in the yield curve as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Certain financial instruments, such as limited partnerships and other alternative investments, have been omitted from the analysis as the interest rate sensitivity of these investments is generally lower and less predictable than fixed income investments. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity of Invested Assets (Excluding Those Supporting Group Benefits Reserves) 
 Change in Fair Value as of December 31, 
 2022 2021 Basis point shift -100 +100 -100 +100 Increase (decrease) in fair value, before tax 1,554 (1,470) 1,841 (1,730) 
 The carrying value of fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans and short-term investments, excluding those related to supporting Group Benefits short and long-term disability reserves, was 36.6 billion and 40.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Long-term Debt 
 A 100 basis point parallel decrease in the yield curve would result in an increase in the fair value of long-term debt by 426 and 732 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A 100 basis point parallel increase in the yield curve would result in a decrease in the fair value of long-term debt by 357 and 600 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in the value of long-term debt as a result of changes in interest rates will not impact the carrying value in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Plan Obligations 
 A 100 basis point parallel decrease in the yield curve would impact both the value of the underlying pension assets and the value of the liabilities, resulting in an increase in the unfunded liabilities (or decrease in asset) for pension and other postretirement plan obligations of 22 and 36 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A 100 basis point parallel increase in the yield curve would have the inverse effect and result in a decrease in the unfunded liabilities (or increase in assets) for pension and other postretirement plan obligations of 10 and 17 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gains or losses due to changes in interest rates on the pension and postretirement plan obligations are recorded within AOCI and are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold. 
 Discontinuation of LIBOR The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") announced that publication of U.S. dollar LIBOR on a representative basis would cease immediately after June 30, 2023. The Company continues to monitor the potential impacts of the discontinuation of LIBOR, which is used as a benchmark or reference rate for certain investments and derivatives the Company owns, and floating rate debt the Company has issued. Uncertainties and risks relating to the transition from LIBOR have been reduced by the federal Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, which addresses replacement of LIBOR in certain contracts governed by U.S. law (including the law of any U.S. state), including investments, derivatives and the outstanding floating rate subordinated 

96 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 debentures issued by the Company. As such, the Company expects minimal impact from the transition. 
 T here is a risk that certain derivatives may no longer qualify for hedge accounting if reference rates change on derivative contracts but the reference interest rate of the instruments being hedged do not change in a substantially similar manner. The Company has adopted the FASB's temporary guidance which allows for contract modifications made solely due to rate reform and to maintain hedge accounting when the hedging effectiveness between the financial instrument and its hedge is only affected by the change to the reference rate. On December 21, 2022, the FASB extended the effective date for the temporary guidance and which now expires for contract modifications made and hedge relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2024. After that date, there is uncertainty whether certain outstanding derivative contracts will continue to qualify for hedge accounting because the replacement rate of the financial instrument being hedged is not sufficiently matched to the reference rate of the derivative contract. 
 
 Equity Risk 
 Equity risk is the risk of financial loss due to changes in the value of global equities or equity indices. 
 Sources of Equity Risk 
 The Company has exposure to equity risk from invested assets, assets that support the Company s pension and other postretirement benefit plans, and fee income derived from Hartford Funds assets under management. 
 Impact The investment portfolio is exposed to losses from market declines affecting equity securities and derivatives, which could negatively impact the Company's reported earnings. In addition, investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments generally have a level of correlation to domestic equity market levels and can expose the Company to losses in earnings if valuations decline; however, earnings impacts are recognized on a lag as results from private equity investments and other funds are generally reported on a three-month delay. For assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans, the Company may be required to make additional plan contributions if equity investments in the plan portfolios decline in value. Hartford Funds earnings are also significantly influenced by the U.S. and other equity markets. Generally, declines in equity markets will reduce the value of average daily assets under management and the amount of fee income generated from those assets. Increases in equity markets will generally have the inverse impact. 
 Management The Company uses various approaches in managing its equity exposure, including limits on the proportion of assets invested in equities, diversification of the equity portfolio, and, at times, hedging of changes in equity indices. For assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans, the asset allocation mix is reviewed on a periodic basis. In order to minimize risk, the pension plans maintain a listing of permissible and prohibited investments and impose concentration limits and investment quality requirements on permissible investment options. 

Assets and Liabilities Subject to Equity Risk 
 
 Investment portfolio The investment portfolio is exposed to losses from market declines affecting equity securities and derivatives, and certain alternative assets and limited partnerships. Generally, declines in equity markets will reduce the value of these types of investments and could negatively impact the Company s earnings while increases in equity will have the inverse impact. For equity securities, the changes in fair value are reported in net realized gains and losses. For alternative assets and limited partnerships, the Company's share of earnings for the period is recorded in net investment income, though typically on a delay based on the availability of the underlying financial statements. For a discussion of equity sensitivity, see below. 
 Assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans The Company may be required to make additional plan contributions if equity investments in the plan portfolios decline in value. For a discussion of equity sensitivity, see below. 
 Declines in value are recognized as unrealized losses in AOCI. Increases in equity markets are recognized as unrealized gains in AOCI. Unrealized gains and losses in AOCI are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold. For further discussion of equity risk associated with the pension plans, see Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Assets under management Assets under management in Hartford Funds may decrease in value during equity market declines, which would result in lower earnings because fee income is earned based upon the value of assets under management. 
 Equity Sensitivity 
 Investment portfolio and the assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans 
 Included in the following tables are the estimated before tax change in the economic value of the Company s invested assets and assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans with sensitivity to equity risk. The calculation of the hypothetical change in economic value below assumes a 20 upward and downward shock to the Standard Poor's 500 Composite Price Index ("S P 500"). For limited partnerships and other alternative investments, the movement in economic value is calculated using a beta analysis largely derived from historical experience relative to the S P 500. 
 The selection of the 20 shock to the S P 500 was made only as an illustration of the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. Actual results could differ materially from those illustrated below due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. These calculations do not capture the impact of portfolio re-allocations. 

97 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Equity Sensitivity 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Shock to S P 500 Shock to S P 500 (Before tax) Fair Value +20 -20 Fair Value +20 -20 Investment Portfolio 5,978 676 (676) 5,447 641 (641) Assets supporting pension and other postretirement benefit plans 820 84 (84) 1,245 167 (167) 
 Hartford Funds assets under management 
 Hartford Funds earnings are significantly influenced by the U.S. and other equity markets. If equity markets were to hypothetically decline 20 and remain depressed for one year, the estimated before tax impact on reported Hartford Funds earnings for that one year period is approximately 50 as of December 31, 2022. The selection of the 20 shock to the S P 500 was made only as an illustration of the potential hypothetical impact of such an event and should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. Actual results could differ materially due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Foreign currency exchange risk is the risk of financial loss due to changes in the relative value between currencies. 
 Sources of Currency Risk The Company has foreign currency exchange risk in non-U.S. dollar denominated cash, fixed maturities, equities, and derivative instruments. In addition, the Company has non-U.S. subsidiaries, some with functional currencies other than U.S. dollar, and which transact business in multiple currencies resulting in assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Impact Changes in relative values between currencies can create variability in cash flows and realized or unrealized gains and losses on changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities. The impact on the fair value of fixed maturities, AFS due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in relation to functional currency, is reported in unrealized gains or losses as part of other comprehensive income. The realization of gains or losses resulting from investment sales or from changes in investments that record changes in fair value through the income statement due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates is reflected through net realized gains and losses. 
 In regards to insurance and reinsurance contracts that the Company enters into for which we are obligated to pay losses in a foreign currency, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on assets and liabilities related to these contracts is reflected through net realized gains and losses. These assets or liabilities include, but are not limited to, cash and cash equivalents, premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables, and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. Additionally, the Company translates the assets, liabilities, and income of non-U.S. dollar functional currency legal entities into U.S. dollars. This translation amount is reported as a component of other comprehensive income. 
 Management The Company manages its foreign currency exchange risk primarily through asset-liability matching and through the use of derivative instruments. However, legal entity 

capital is invested in local currencies in order to satisfy regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. The foreign currency exposure of non-U.S. dollar denominated investments will most commonly be reduced through the sale of the assets or through hedges using foreign currency swaps and forwards. 
 Assets and Liabilities Subject to Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Investment portfolio The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk affecting non-U.S. dollar denominated cash, fixed maturities, equities and derivative instruments. Changes in relative values between currencies can positively or negatively impact net realized gains and losses or unrealized gains (losses) as part of other comprehensive income. 
 
 Assets supporting pension plan As of December 31, 2022, the Company had immaterial exposure to non-U.S. dollar investments within pension plan assets. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 97 of non-U.S. dollar investments. Changes in relative values between currencies can positively or negatively impact unrealized gains and losses in AOCI. Unrealized gains and losses in AOCI are amortized into the actuarial loss component of net periodic benefit cost when they exceed a threshold. These amounts are excluded from the sensitivity analysis below. 
 
 Insurance contract related assets and liabilities The Company has non-U.S. dollar denominated insurance and reinsurance contracts and associated premiums receivable, reinsurance recoverables and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, that are exposed to foreign exchange risk. For contracts that are within U.S dollar functional currency legal entities, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can positively or negatively impact net realized gains and losses. For contracts within non-U.S. dollar functional currency legal entities, changes in the functional currency relative to the U.S. dollar can positively or negatively impact other comprehensive income. 
 Foreign Currency Sensitivity 
 For the Company s primary currencies that create foreign exchange risk, the following table provides the estimated impact of a hypothetical 10 unfavorable change in exchange rates. Actual results could differ materially due to the nature of the estimates and assumptions used in the analysis. The amounts presented are in U.S. dollars and before tax. 

98 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Foreign Currency Sensitivity [1] 
 GBP CAD 10 Unfavorable Change December 31, 2022 Net assets (liabilities) 174 185 (33) December 31, 2021 Net assets (liabilities) 287 132 (38) 
 [1] Table excludes currencies where the value of net assets in U.S. dollar equivalent is less than 1 of total net assets of the Company. 
 
 Financial Risk on U.S. Statutory Capital 
 U.S. Statutory surplus amounts and RBC ratios may increase or decrease in any period depending upon a variety of factors and may be compounded in extreme scenarios or if multiple factors occur at the same time. At times, the impact of changes in certain market factors or a combination of multiple factors on RBC ratios can be counterintuitive. Factors include: 
 A decrease in the value of certain fixed-income and equity securities in our investment portfolio, due in part to credit spreads widening, an increase in interest rates, or a decline in equity market levels, may result in a decrease in statutory surplus and RBC ratios; 
 A decline in investment yields may reduce our net investment income, which may result in a decrease in statutory surplus and RBC ratios; 

Decreases in the value of certain derivative instruments that do not get hedge accounting, may reduce statutory surplus and RBC ratios; and 
 Non-market factors can also impact the amount and volatility of either our actual or potential obligation, as well as the related statutory surplus and RBC ratios. 
 Most of these factors are outside of the Company s control. Among other factors, rating agencies consider the level of statutory capital and surplus of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries as well as the level of GAAP capital held by the Company in determining the Company s financial strength and credit ratings. Rating agencies may implement changes to their internal models that have the effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings. 

Investment Portfolio Risk 
 The following table presents the Company s fixed maturities, AFS, by credit quality. The credit ratings referenced throughout this section are based on availability and are generally the midpoint of the available ratings among Moody s, S P, and Fitch. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. Accrued interest receivable 

related to fixed maturities are recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are not included in the amortized cost or fair value of the fixed maturities. For further information refer to Note 5 - Investments of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Fixed Maturities, AFS by Credit Quality 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value United States Government/Government agencies 5,573 5,025 13.9 5,706 5,881 13.7 AAA 6,171 5,824 16.1 5,917 6,133 14.3 AA 7,136 6,650 18.4 7,279 7,718 18.0 A 9,758 8,968 24.7 10,277 10,962 25.6 BBB 8,918 7,973 22.0 9,196 9,708 22.7 BB below 1,977 1,791 4.9 2,413 2,445 5.7 Total fixed maturities, AFS 39,533 36,231 100.0 40,788 42,847 100.0 
 The fair value of fixed maturities, AFS decreased as compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decline in valuations due to higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. The decline was also due to the reinvestment of sales and maturities into other asset classes. Fixed maturities, FVO are not included in the preceding table. For further discussion on FVO securities 
 see Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 99 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Fixed Maturities, AFS by Type 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost ACL Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value Amortized Cost ACL Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value Asset-backed securities ("ABS") Consumer loans 1,538 (41) 1,497 4.1 959 11 (2) 968 2.3 Other 478 (34) 444 1.3 166 2 (1) 167 0.4 CLO 3,040 3 (102) 2,941 8.1 3,019 8 (2) 3,025 7.1 Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ("CMBS") Agency [1] 1,268 (10) 14 (115) 1,157 3.2 1,390 75 (5) 1,460 3.4 Bonds 2,263 2 (228) 2,037 5.6 2,327 92 (9) 2,410 5.6 Interest only 184 5 (15) 174 0.5 238 12 (1) 249 0.6 Corporate Basic industry 797 1 (64) 734 2.0 761 34 (5) 790 1.8 Capital goods 1,380 2 (117) 1,265 3.5 1,442 84 (9) 1,517 3.5 Consumer cyclical 1,100 (97) 1,003 2.8 1,161 (1) 50 (5) 1,205 2.8 Consumer non-cyclical 2,102 6 (188) 1,920 5.3 2,473 134 (8) 2,599 6.1 Energy 1,076 3 (92) 987 2.7 1,405 99 (2) 1,502 3.5 Financial services 4,923 8 (441) 4,490 12.4 4,648 214 (20) 4,842 11.3 Tech./comm. 2,312 (2) 9 (249) 2,070 5.7 2,658 216 (11) 2,863 6.7 Transportation 731 1 (81) 651 1.8 744 43 (3) 784 1.8 Utilities 1,871 3 (212) 1,662 4.6 1,917 141 (8) 2,050 4.8 Other 502 (51) 451 1.2 535 23 (3) 555 1.3 Foreign govt./govt. agencies 596 (49) 547 1.5 883 33 (6) 910 2.1 Municipal bonds Taxable 1,062 2 (148) 916 2.5 1,079 83 (2) 1,160 2.7 Tax-exempt 5,656 91 (367) 5,380 14.9 6,394 704 (1) 7,097 16.6 Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ("RMBS") Agency 1,865 2 (196) 1,671 4.6 1,337 44 (11) 1,370 3.2 Non-agency 2,277 (312) 1,965 5.4 2,101 11 (16) 2,096 4.9 Alt-A 7 7 12 1 13 Sub-prime 65 65 0.2 160 4 164 0.4 U.S. Treasuries 2,440 (243) 2,197 6.1 2,979 86 (14) 3,051 7.1 Total fixed maturities, AFS 39,533 (12) 152 (3,442) 36,231 100.0 40,788 (1) 2,204 (144) 42,847 100.0 Fixed maturities, FVO 333 160 
 [1] Includes securities with pools of loans issued by the Small Business Administration which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. 
 The fair value of fixed maturities, AFS decreased as compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decline in valuations due to higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. The decline was also due to the reinvestment of sales and maturities 

into other asset classes. The Company primarily decreased holdings of consumer non-cyclical, technology/communication, and energy corporate bonds, tax-exempt municipal bonds, and 

100 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 U.S. treasuries, while primarily increasing holdings in agency and non-agency RMBS and consumer loans. 
 
 Commercial Residential Real Estate 

The following table presents the Company s exposure to CMBS and RMBS by credit quality included in the preceding Fixed Maturities, AFS by Type table. 

Exposure to CMBS and RMBS as of December 31, 2022 
 AAA AA A BBB BB and Below Total Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value CMBS Agency [1] 1,264 1,154 4 3 1,268 1,157 Bonds 908 840 568 504 424 370 138 116 225 207 2,263 2,037 Interest Only 101 96 74 70 8 7 1 1 184 174 Total CMBS 2,273 2,090 646 577 424 370 146 123 226 208 3,715 3,368 RMBS Agency 1,845 1,652 20 19 1,865 1,671 Non-Agency 1,166 1,036 501 428 353 288 236 198 21 15 2,277 1,965 Alt-A 1 1 6 6 7 7 Sub-Prime 3 3 21 21 10 10 8 8 23 23 65 65 Total RMBS 3,014 2,691 542 468 363 298 245 207 50 44 4,214 3,708 Total CMBS RMBS 5,287 4,781 1,188 1,045 787 668 391 330 276 252 7,929 7,076 
 
 Exposure to CMBS and RMBS as of December 31, 2021 
 
 AAA AA A BBB BB and Below Total Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value CMBS Agency [1] 1,380 1,450 10 10 1,390 1,460 Bonds 950 995 571 593 439 453 182 186 185 183 2,327 2,410 Interest Only 134 141 92 96 1 1 10 10 1 1 238 249 Total CMBS 2,464 2,586 673 699 440 454 192 196 186 184 3,955 4,119 RMBS Agency 1,315 1,347 22 23 1,337 1,370 Non-Agency 840 845 554 552 477 473 199 196 31 30 2,101 2,096 Alt-A 12 13 12 13 Sub-Prime 6 7 34 35 47 48 24 24 49 50 160 164 Total RMBS 2,161 2,199 610 610 524 521 223 220 92 93 3,610 3,643 Total CMBS RMBS 4,625 4,785 1,283 1,309 964 975 415 416 278 277 7,565 7,762 
 [1] Includes securities with pools of loans issued by the Small Business Administration which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. 
 The Company also has exposure to commercial mortgage loans. These loans are collateralized by real estate properties that are diversified both geographically throughout the United States and by property type. These commercial loans are originated by the Company as high quality whole loans, and the Company may sell participation interests in one or more loans to third parties. A loan participation interest represents a pro-rata share in interest and principal payments generated by the participated loan, and the relationship between the Company as loan originator, lead participant and servicer and the third party 

as a participant are governed by a participation agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, mortgage loans had an amortized cost of 6.0 billion and carrying value of 6.0 billion, with an ACL of 36. As of December 31, 2021, mortgage loans had an amortized cost of 5.4 billion and carrying value of 5.4 billion, with an ACL of 29. The increase in the allowance was primarily attributable to the deteriorating economic conditions and the potential impact on real estate property valuations, and to a lesser extent, net additions of new loans. 

101 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The Company funded 913 million of commercial mortgage loans with a weighted average loan-to-value LTV ratio of 56 and a weighted average yield of 3.6 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The Company continues to originate commercial mortgage loans in high growth markets across the country focusing primarily on institutional-quality multi-family and industrial properties with strong LTV ratios. There were no mortgage loans held for sale as of December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. 

Municipal Bonds 
 The following table presents the Company s exposure to municipal bonds by type and weighted average credit quality included in the preceding Securities by Type table. 

Available For Sale Investments in Municipal Bonds 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Weighted Average Credit Quality Amortized Cost Fair Value Weighted Average Credit Quality General Obligation 863 838 AA 910 1,031 AA+ Pre-refunded [1] 235 242 AAA 487 519 AAA Revenue Transportation 1,435 1,342 A+ 1,404 1,579 A+ Health Care 1,132 1,012 A+ 1,274 1,397 A+ Leasing [2] 714 659 AA- 813 874 AA- Education 601 572 AA 670 748 AA Water Sewer 411 384 AA 504 538 AA Sales Tax 304 295 AA 370 436 AA Power 280 268 A 317 357 A+ Housing 73 62 AA- 98 103 AA Other 670 622 A+ 626 675 AA- Total Revenue 5,620 5,216 AA- 6,076 6,707 AA- Total Municipal 6,718 6,296 AA- 7,473 8,257 AA- 
 [1] Pre-refunded bonds are bonds for which an irrevocable trust containing sufficient U.S. treasury, agency, or other securities has been established to fund the remaining payments of principal and interest. 
 [2] Leasing revenue bonds are generally the obligations of a financing authority established by the municipality that leases facilities back to a municipality. The notes are typically secured by lease payments made by the municipality that is leasing the facilities financed by the issue. Lease payments may be subject to annual appropriation by the municipality or the municipality may be obligated to appropriate general tax revenues to make lease payments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the largest issuer concentrations were the Grand Parkway Transportation Corporation of Texas, the New York City Transitional Finance Authority, and the New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority, which each comprised less than 3 of the municipal bond portfolio and were primarily comprised of general obligation and revenue bonds. As of December 31, 2021, the largest issuer concentrations were the New York State Dormitory Authority, the State of California, and the Pennsylvania State Turnpike Commission, which each comprised less than 3 of the municipal bond portfolio and were primarily comprised of general obligation and revenue bonds. In total, municipal bonds make up 12 of the fair value of the Company's investment portfolio. 

Limited Partnerships and Other Alternative Investments 
 The following table presents the Company s investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments which include real estate joint ventures, real estate funds, private equity funds, other funds, and other alternative investments. Private equity funds primarily consist of investments in funds whose assets typically consist of a diversified pool of investments in small to mid-sized non-public businesses with high growth potential and strong owner sponsorship, as well as limited exposure to public markets. 
 Income or losses on investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments are recognized on a lag as results from private equity investments and other funds are generally reported on a three-month delay. 

102 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Limited Partnerships and Other Alternative Investments - Net Investment Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Amount Yield [1] Amount Yield [1] Amount Yield [1] Real estate joint ventures and funds 316 21.9 149 18.4 85 20.3 Private equity funds 186 14.2 456 51.3 106 12.4 Other funds 32 10.5 33 17.7 9 7.1 Other alternative investments [2] (19) (3.8 94 22.6 22 5.4 Total 515 14.4 732 31.8 222 12.3 
 [1] Yields calculated using annualized net investment income divided by the monthly average invested assets. 
 [2] Consists of an insurer-owned life insurance policy which is primarily invested in private equity, fixed income, hedge funds and public equity. 
 Investments in Limited Partnerships and Other Alternative Investments 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent Real estate joint ventures and funds 1,713 41.0 1,315 39.2 Private equity funds 1,565 37.5 1,256 37.5 Other funds 413 9.9 274 8.2 Other alternative investments [1] 486 11.6 508 15.1 Total 4,177 100.0 3,353 100.0 
 [1] Consists of an insurer-owned life insurance policy which is primarily invested in private equity, fixed income, hedge funds and public equity. 
 Fixed Maturities, AFS Unrealized Loss Aging 
 The total gross unrealized losses were 3.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, and have increased 3.3 billion from December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. As of December 31, 2022, 2,567 of the gross unrealized losses were associated with fixed maturities, AFS depressed less than 20 of amortized cost. The remaining 875 of gross unrealized losses were associated with fixed maturities, AFS depressed greater than 20 . The fixed maturities, AFS depressed more than 20 primarily related to corporate fixed maturities, municipal bonds, and RMBS that are mainly depressed because current interest rates are higher and market spreads are wider than at the respective purchase dates. 

As part of the Company s ongoing investment monitoring process, the Company has reviewed its fixed maturities, AFS in an unrealized loss position and concluded that these fixed maturities are temporarily depressed and are expected to recover in value as the investments approach maturity or as market spreads tighten. For these fixed maturities in an unrealized loss position where an ACL has not been recorded, the Company s best estimate of expected future cash flows are sufficient to recover the amortized cost basis of the investment. Furthermore, the Company neither has an intention to sell nor does it expect to be required to sell these investments. For further information regarding the Company s ACL analysis, see the Credit Losses on Fixed Maturities, AFS and Intent-to-Sell Impairments section below. 

Unrealized Loss Aging for Fixed Maturities, AFS 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Consecutive Months Items Amortized Cost ACL Unrealized Loss Fair Value Items Amortized Cost ACL Unrealized Loss Fair Value Three months or less 200 786 (15) 771 640 6,193 (32) 6,161 Greater than three to six months 809 6,175 (234) 5,941 404 3,249 (55) 3,194 Greater than six to nine months 1,024 7,598 (561) 7,037 101 571 (5) 566 Greater than nine to eleven months 1,859 12,994 (6) (1,510) 11,478 171 1,041 (29) 1,012 Twelve months or more 1,044 8,218 (6) (1,122) 7,090 184 631 (23) 608 Total 4,936 35,771 (12) (3,442) 32,317 1,500 11,685 (144) 11,541 
 
 103 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Unrealized Loss Aging for Fixed Maturities, AFS Continuously Depressed Over 20 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Consecutive Months Items Amortized Cost ACL Unrealized Loss Fair Value Items Amortized Cost ACL Unrealized Loss Fair Value Three months or less 98 543 (116) 427 Greater than three to six months 215 2,021 (490) 1,531 Greater than six to nine months 89 791 (253) 538 Greater than nine to eleven months 7 34 (2) (14) 18 Twelve months or more 17 5 (1) (2) 2 20 5 (3) 2 Total 426 3,394 (3) (875) 2,516 20 5 (3) 2 
 Credit Losses on Fixed Maturities, AFS and Intent-to-Sell Impairments 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 The Company recorded net credit losses of 18, primarily attributable to increases in the allowance for credit losses of 10 on CMBS where projected cash flows are lower than originally expected due to faster prepayments, 3 on issuers with exposure to Russia, 3 related to a private corporate utilities issuer, and 2 related to a public corporate cable satellite issuer. Unrealized losses on securities with an ACL recognized in other comprehensive income were 6. For further information, refer to Note 5 - Investments of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Intent-to-sell impairments of 6 related to two corporate issuers in the financial services and utilities sectors, and an issuer with exposure to Russia that had an ACL prior to disposal. 
 The Company incorporates its best estimate of future performance using internal assumptions and judgments that are informed by economic and industry specific trends, as well as our expectations with respect to security specific developments. 
 Future intent-to-sell impairments or credit losses may develop as the result of changes in our intent to sell specific securities that are in an unrealized loss position or if modeling assumptions, such as macroeconomic factors or security specific developments, change unfavorably from our current modeling assumptions, resulting in lower cash flow expectations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 The Company recorded a net decrease in the ACL of 4, driven by increases in the fair value of corporate issuers that had an ACL in prior periods, partially offset by credit losses on a media/entertainment company. Unrealized losses on securities with ACL recognized in other comprehensive income were less than 1. 
 There were no intent-to-sell impairments. 
 ACL on Mortgage Loans 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 The Company reviews mortgage loans on a quarterly basis to estimate the ACL with changes in the ACL recorded in net realized gains and losses. Apart from an ACL recorded on 

individual mortgage loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, the Company records an ACL on the pool of mortgage loans based on lifetime expected credit losses. For further information, refer to Note 5 - Investments of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company recorded an increase in the ACL on mortgage loans of 7. The increase was primarily attributable to the deteriorating economic conditions and the potential impact on real estate property valuations, and to a lesser extent, net additions of new loans. The Company did not record an ACL on any individual mortgage loans. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 The Company recorded a decrease in the ACL on mortgage loans of 9. The decrease was primarily the result of improved economic scenarios, partially offset by an increase driven by net additions of new loans. The Company did not record an ACL on any individual mortgage loans. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 The following section discusses the overall financial strength of The Hartford and its insurance operations including their ability to generate cash flows from each of their business segments, borrow funds at competitive rates and raise new capital to meet operating and growth needs. 
 
 | SUMMARY OF CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 Capital available to the holding company as of December 31, 2022: 
 1.0 billion in fixed maturities, short-term investments, investment sales receivable and cash at the HFSG Holding Company. 
 A senior unsecured revolving credit facility that provides for borrowing capacity up to 750 of unsecured credit through October 27, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding. 

104 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 An intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among the HFSG Holding Company and certain affiliates of up to 2.0 billion for liquidity and other general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, 2.0 billion was available and there were no amounts outstanding at the HFSG Holding Company. As of February 23, 2023, 1.9 billion was available, 100 was outstanding between certain affiliates and there were no amounts outstanding at the HFSG Holding Company. 
 
 2023 expected dividends and other sources of capital: 
 The future payment of dividends from our subsidiaries is dependent on several factors including business results, capital position and liquidity of our subsidiaries. 
 P C - The Company's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have regulatory dividend capacity of 1.8 billion for 2023, and expect available net dividends to the HFSG Holding Company of 1.5 billion after considering state deposit and regulatory capital requirements to support growth in certain entities, dividends that are expected to be subsequently contributed to P C subsidiaries and dividends related to interest on intercompany notes. The HFSG Holding Company expects to receive approximately 1.5 billion of net dividends from the Company's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries in 2023. 
 Group Benefits - Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company ("HLA") has regulatory dividend capacity of 408 in 2023 with approximately 400 of dividends expected in 2023. 
 Hartford Funds - HFSG Holding Company expects to receive approximately 125 in dividends from Hartford Funds in 2023. 
 
 Expected liquidity requirements for the next twelve months as of December 31, 2022: 
 194 of interest on debt, including, for the 3-month LIBOR plus 2.125 Notes due 2067, interest at a rate of 4.39 given the 10-year interest rate swap agreement the Company entered into in April 2017; 
 21 dividends on preferred stock, subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors; and 
 540 of common stockholders' dividends, subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and before share repurchases. 
 
 Expected liquidity requirements for beyond the next twelve months as of December 31, 2022: 
 Interest on debt and debt repayments, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Preferred stock and common stock dividends, subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

Equity repurchase program: 
 In 2022, the Company repurchased 22.3 million common shares for 1.6 billion under two share repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors. The Company had a 3.0 billion share repurchase authorization which was effective through December 31, 2022. In addition to this authorization, in July 2022, the Board of Directors approved a 3.0 billion share repurchase authorization effective from August 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 2.75 billion remaining for equity repurchases under the share repurchase program effective through 2024. During the period January 1, 2023 through February 23, 2023, the Company repurchased approximately 2.7 million common shares for 209. 
 The timing of any repurchases is dependent on several factors, including the market price of the Company's securities, the Company's capital position, consideration of the effect of any repurchases on the Company's financial strength or credit ratings, the Company's blackout periods, and other considerations. 
 
 | LIQUIDITY REQUIREMENTS AND SOURCES OF CAPITAL 
 The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. ("HFSG Holding Company") 
 The liquidity requirements of the holding company of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. will primarily be met by HFSG Holding Company s fixed maturities; short-term investments and cash; and dividends from its subsidiaries, principally its insurance operations . The Company maintains sufficient liquidity and has a variety of contingent liquidity resources to manage liquidity across a range of economic scenarios. 
 The HFSG Holding Company expects to continue to receive dividends from its operating subsidiaries in the future and manages capital in its operating subsidiaries to be sufficient under significant economic stress scenarios. Dividends from subsidiaries and other sources of funds at the holding company may be used to repurchase shares under the authorized share repurchase program at the discretion of management. 
 Under significant economic stress scenarios, the Company has the ability to meet short-term cash requirements, if needed, by borrowing under its revolving credit facility or by having its insurance subsidiaries take collateralized advances under a facility with the FHLBB. The Company could also choose to have its insurance subsidiaries sell certain highly liquid, high quality fixed maturities or the Company could issue debt in the public markets under its shelf registration. 
 Debt 
 On September 21, 2021, The Hartford issued 600 of 2.9 senior notes 2.9 Notes due September 15, 2051 for net proceeds of approximately 588, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses from the offering. Interest is payable 

105 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, commencing March 15, 2022. The Hartford, at its option, can redeem the 2.9 Notes at any time, in whole or part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100 of the principal amount being redeemed or a make-whole amount based on a comparable maturity US Treasury plus 20 basis points, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, except the 2.9 Notes may be redeemed at par within six months of maturity. 
 After receiving proceeds from the issuance of the 2.9 Notes, in second quarter 2022, The Hartford redeemed at par 600 aggregate principal amount of its 7.875 junior subordinated debentures due 2042 and recognized, in insurance operating costs and other expenses, a loss on extinguishment of debt of 9, before tax, for unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 For additional information on Debt, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 | DIVIDENDS 
 The Hartford's Board of Directors declared the following quarterly dividends since October 1, 2022: 
 Common Stock Dividends 
 Declared Record Payable Amount per share October 27, 2022 December 1, 2022 January 4, 2023 0.425 February 22, 2023 March 6, 2023 April 4, 2023 0.425 
 Preferred Stock Dividends 
 Declared Record Payable Amount per share December 14, 2022 February 1, 2023 February 15, 2023 375.00 February 22, 2023 May 1, 2023 May 15, 2023 375.00 
 There are no current restrictions on HFSG Holding Company's ability to pay dividends to its stockholders. 
 For a discussion of restrictions on dividends to HFSG Holding Company from its insurance subsidiaries, see the following "Dividends from Subsidiaries" discussion. For a discussion of potential restrictions on the HFSG Holding Company's ability to pay dividends, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for the risk factor "Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations." 
 
 | DIVIDENDS FROM SUBSIDIARIES 
 Dividends to HFSG Holding Company from its insurance subsidiaries are restricted by insurance regulation. The Company s principal insurance subsidiaries are domiciled in the United States and the United Kingdom. 
 The payment of dividends by Connecticut-domiciled insurers is limited under the insurance holding company laws of Connecticut. These laws require notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of 

any dividend, which, together with other dividends or distributions made within the preceding twelve months, exceeds the greater of (i) 10 of the insurer s statutory policyholder surplus as of December 31 of the preceding year or (ii) net income (or net gain from operations, if such company is a life insurance company) for the preceding year, in each case determined under statutory insurance accounting principles. In addition, if any dividend of a Connecticut-domiciled insurer exceeds the insurer s earned surplus, it requires the prior approval of the Connecticut Insurance Commissioner. 
 Property casualty insurers domiciled in New York, including Navigators Insurance Company ("NIC") and Navigators Specialty Insurance Company ("NSIC"), generally may not, without notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner, pay dividends out of earned surplus in any twelve month period that exceeds the lesser of (i) 10 of the insurer s statutory policyholders surplus as of the most recent financial statement on file, or (ii) 100 of its adjusted net investment income, as defined, for the same twelve month period. 
 The insurance holding company laws of the other jurisdictions in which The Hartford s insurance subsidiaries are incorporated (or deemed commercially domiciled) generally contain similar (although in certain instances more restrictive) limitations on the payment of dividends. In addition to statutory limitations on paying dividends, the Company also takes other items into consideration when determining dividends from subsidiaries. These considerations include, but are not limited to, expected earnings and capitalization, regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements and state deposit requirements of the individual subsidiary. 
 Corporate members of Lloyd's syndicates may pay dividends to its parent to the extent of available profits that have been distributed from the syndicate in excess of the FAL capital requirement and subject to restrictions imposed under UK Company Law. The FAL is determined based on the syndicate's solvency capital requirement ("SCR") under the Solvency II capital adequacy model, the current regulatory framework governing UK domiciled insurers, plus a Lloyd s specific economic capital assessment. 
 Insurers domiciled in the United Kingdom may pay dividends to their parent out of their statutory profits subject to restrictions imposed under U.K. Company law and Solvency II. 
 In 2022, HFSG Holding Company received 240 of dividends from HLA and 157 from Hartford Funds. In addition, HFSG Holding Company received 1.4 billion of net dividends from P C subsidiaries in 2022 which excludes 395 of P C dividends that were subsequently contributed to P C subsidiaries and 50 of P C dividends related to interest payments on an intercompany note owed by Hartford Holdings, Inc. ("HHI") to Hartford Fire Insurance Company. Refer to "2023 expected dividends and other sources of capital" for expected payments of dividends from our subsidiaries in 2023. 

106 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 | OTHER SOURCES OF CAPITAL FOR THE HFSG HOLDING COMPANY 
 The Hartford endeavors to maintain a capital structure that provides financial and operational flexibility to its insurance subsidiaries, ratings that support its competitive position in the financial services marketplace (see the "Ratings" section below for further discussion), and stockholder returns. As a result, the Company may from time to time raise capital from the issuance of debt, common equity, preferred stock, equity-related debt or other capital securities and is continuously evaluating strategic opportunities. The issuance of debt, common equity, equity-related debt or other capital securities could result in the dilution of stockholder interests or reduced net income to common stockholders due to additional interest expense or preferred stock dividends. 
 Shelf Registrations 
 The Hartford filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("the SEC") on February 22, 2022 that permits it to offer and sell debt and equity securities during the three-year life of the registration statement. 
 For further information regarding Shelf Registrations, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Hartford has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Credit Facility") that provides up to 750 of unsecured credit through October 27, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, no borrowings were outstanding and no letters of credit were issued under the Credit Facility and The Hartford was in compliance with all financial covenants. For further information regarding the Credit Facility, see Note 13 Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Intercompany Liquidity Agreements 
 The Company has 2.0 billion available under an intercompany liquidity agreement that allows for short-term advances of funds among the HFSG Holding Company and certain affiliates of up to 2.0 billion for liquidity and other general corporate purposes. The Connecticut Department of Insurance ("CTDOI") granted approval for certain affiliated insurance companies that are parties to the agreement to treat receivables from a parent, including the HFSG Holding Company, as admitted assets for statutory accounting purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2.0 billion was available and there were no amounts outstanding at the HFSG Holding Company. 
 As of February 23, 2023, 1.9 billion was available, 100 was outstanding between certain affiliates and there were no amounts outstanding at the HFSG Holding Company. 
 Collateralized Advances with Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston 
 The Company s subsidiaries, Hartford Fire Insurance Company Hartford Fire and HLA, are members of the FHLBB. Membership allows these subsidiaries access to collateralized advances, which may be short- or long-term with fixed or variable rates. Advances may be used to support general 

corporate purposes, which would be presented as short- or long-term debt, or to earn incremental investment income, which would be presented in other liabilities consistent with other collateralized financing transactions. As of December 31, 2022, there were no advances outstanding. The CTDOI permits Hartford Fire and HLA to pledge up to 1.3 billion and 0.6 billion in qualifying assets, respectively, without prior approval, to secure FHLBB advances in 2023. For further information regarding the Company's collateralized advances with Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Lloyd's Letter of Credit Facilities 
 The Hartford has entered into a committed credit facility agreement with a syndicate of lenders (the "Club Facility"). The Club Facility has two tranches with one tranche extending a 74 commitment and the other tranche extending a 79 million 95 as of December 31, 2022) commitment. As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of 74 and 79 million, or 95, were outstanding under the Club Facility. 
 Among other covenants, the Club Facility contains financial covenants regarding The Hartford's consolidated net worth and financial leverage and that limit the amount of letters of credit that can support Funds at Lloyd's, consistent with Lloyd's requirements. As of December 31, 2022, The Hartford was in compliance with all financial covenants of the facility. For further information regarding the Club Facility, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other Sources and Uses of Capital 
 As part of the sale of the former retained interest in Talcott Resolution, which was completed on June 30, 2021, the Company received 217 of proceeds. 
 In May 2021, the Company contributed 15 million 18) to Navigators Holdings (Europe) N.V., a Belgium holding company. On December 29, 2021, the Company received approximately 20, before 9 of transaction costs, related to the sale of its Continental Europe Operations. 
 
 | PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS 
 While the Company has significant discretion in making voluntary contributions to the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan, minimum contributions are mandated in certain circumstances pursuant to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006, the Worker, Retiree, and Employer Recovery Act of 2008, the Preservation of Access to Care for Medicare Beneficiaries and Pension Relief Act of 2010, the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act of 2012 (MAP-21) and Internal Revenue Code regulations. The Company did not make any contributions to the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2022 and 2021, and made contributions to this pension plan of approximately 70 in 2020. No contributions were made to the other postretirement plans in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company s 2022, 2021 and 2020 required minimum funding contributions were immaterial. The Company does not have a 2023 required minimum funding contribution for the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan and the funding requirements for all pension plans are expected to be 

107 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 immaterial. The Company has not determined whether, and to what extent, contributions may be made to the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2023. The Company will monitor the funded status of the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan during 2023 to make this determination. As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan is fully funded and in an asset position. For further discussion of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, see Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 | DERIVATIVE COMMITMENTS 
 Certain of the Company s derivative agreements contain provisions that are tied to the financial strength ratings, as set by nationally recognized statistical rating agencies, of the individual legal entity that entered into the derivative agreement. If the legal entity s financial strength were to fall below certain ratings, the counterparties to the derivative agreements could terminate agreements and demand immediate settlement of the outstanding net derivative positions transacted under each agreement. For further information, refer to Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, no derivative positions would be subject to immediate termination in the event of a downgrade of one level below the current financial strength ratings. This could change as a result of changes in our hedging activities or to the extent changes in contractual terms are negotiated. 
 
 | INSURANCE OPERATIONS 
 While subject to variability period to period, underwriting and investment cash flows continue to provide sufficient liquidity to meet anticipated demands. 
 The principal sources of operating funds are premiums, fees earned from insurance and administrative service agreements, and investment income, while investing cash flows primarily originate from maturities and sales of invested assets. 
 The Company s insurance operations consist of property and casualty insurance products (collectively referred to as Property Casualty Operations and Group Benefits. 
 The Company's insurance operations hold fixed maturity securities including a significant short-term investment position (securities with maturities of one year or less at the time of purchase) to meet liquidity needs. Liquidity requirements that are unable to be funded by the Company's insurance operations' short-term investments would be satisfied with current operating funds, including premiums or investing cash flows, which includes proceeds received through the sale of invested assets. A sale of invested assets could result in significant realized losses. 
 The following tables represent the fixed maturity holdings, including the aforementioned cash and short-term investments available to meet liquidity needs, for each of the Company s insurance operations. 

Property Casualty 
 As of December 31, 2022 Fixed maturities 28,497 Short-term investments 2,475 Cash 193 Less: Derivative collateral 49 Total 31,116 
 Property Casualty operations invested assets also include 1.2 billion in equity securities, 4.3 billion in mortgage loans and 3.3 billion in limited partnerships and other alternative investments. 
 Group Benefits Operations 
 As of December 31, 2022 Fixed maturities 7,794 Short-term investments 325 Cash 27 Less: Derivative collateral 15 Total 8,131 
 Group Benefits operations invested assets also include 308 in equity securities, 1.7 billion in mortgage loans and 866 in limited partnerships and other alternative investments. 
 The primary uses of funds are to pay claims, claim adjustment expenses, commissions and other underwriting and insurance operating costs, to pay taxes, to purchase new investments and to make dividend payments to the HFSG Holding Company. 
 Property Casualty reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses as of December 31, 2022 were 33.1 billion and net of reinsurance were 26.6 billion. Reserves for Property Casualty unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses include case reserves and IBNR. The ultimate amount to be paid to settle both case reserves and IBNR is an estimate, subject to significant uncertainty. The actual amount to be paid is not finally determined until the Company reaches a settlement with the claimant. Final claim settlements may vary significantly from the present estimates, particularly since many claims will not be settled until well into the future. For a discussion of The Hartford s judgment in estimating reserves for Property Casualty see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Critical Accounting Estimates, Property Casualty Insurance Product Reserves, Net of Reinsurance, and for historical payments by reserve line net of reinsurance, see Note 11 Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The timing of future payments for the next twelve months and for beyond twelve months could vary materially from historical payment patterns due to, among other things, changes in claim reporting and payment patterns and large unanticipated settlements. In particular, there is significant uncertainty over the claim payment patterns of asbestos and environmental claims. 
 Group Benefits reserves as of December 31, 2022 were 9.0 billion and net of reinsurance were 8.7 billion. Group life and disability obligations are estimated using assumptions based on the Company s historical experience, modified for recent observed trends. For a discussion of The Hartford s judgment in estimating reserves for Group Benefits see Part II, Item 7, MD A - Critical Accounting Estimates, Group Benefit Reserves, 

108 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Net of Reinsurance, for further discussion on future policy benefits, see Note 12 - Reserve for Future Policy Benefits of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and for historical payments by reserve line, net of reinsurance, see Note 11 Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Due to the significance of the assumptions used, payments for the next twelve months and beyond twelve months could materially differ from historical patterns. 
 Corporate includes reserves of 420 as of December 31, 2022 related to retained run-off liabilities of its former life and annuity business. For further discussion on future policy benefits, see Note 12 - Reserve for Future Policy Benefits of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Hartford Funds 
 Hartford Funds principal sources of operating funds are fees earned from basis points on assets under management with uses primarily for payments to subadvisors and other general operating expenses. As of December 31, 2022, Hartford Funds cash and short-term investments were 208. 

| PURCHASE AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS 
 The Hartford s unfunded commitments to purchase investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments, private placements, and mortgage loans are disclosed in Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. It is anticipated that these unfunded commitments will be funded through the Company s normal operating and investing activities. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contractual commitments to purchase various goods and services such as maintenance, Human Resources, and information technology. The Company s operating lease commitments are disclosed in Note 20 - Leases of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. It is anticipated that these purchase commitments and operating lease obligations will be funded through the Company s normal operating and investing activities. 

| CAPITALIZATION 
 Capital Structure December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Long-term debt 4,357 4,944 (12 Total debt 4,357 4,944 (12 Common stockholders' equity, excluding AOCI, net of tax 17,173 17,337 (1 Preferred stock 334 334 AOCI, net of tax (3,876) 172 NM Total stockholders equity 13,631 17,843 (24 Total capitalization 17,988 22,787 (21 Debt to stockholders equity 32 28 Debt to capitalization 24 22 
 Total capitalization decreased 4,799, or 21 , as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in net unrealized losses on fixed maturities, AFS, share repurchases, and the Company's redemption of its 7.875 junior subordinated debentures, partially offset by net income in excess of common stockholder dividends in the period. 
 For additional information on AOCI, net of tax, including 

unrealized gains from securities, see Note 17 - Changes in and Reclassifications From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Note 5 - Investments of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. For additional information on debt, see Note 13 - Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

| CASH FLOW [1] 
 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,008 4,093 3,871 Net cash used for investing activities (1,277) (2,466) (2,066) Net cash used for financing activities (2,710) (1,581) (1,778) Cash and restricted cash end of year 
 344 337 239 
 [1] Cash activities in 2021 and 2020 include cash flows related to Continental Europe Operations classified as held for sale beginning in the third quarter of 2020 and sold on December 29, 2021. See Note 21 - Business Dispositions of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of this transaction. 

109 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased slightly in 2022 as compared to the prior year period primarily driven by an increase in P C loss and loss adjustment expenses paid, higher operating expenses, including increased commissions and staffing costs, a decrease in Hartford Funds fee income and higher taxes paid, mostly offset by an increase in P C and Group Benefits premiums received and lower integration and restructuring costs. 
 Cash used for investing activities decreased in 2022 as compared to the prior year period primarily driven by a decrease in net payments for equity securities, a decrease in net payments for mortgage loans, a decrease in net payments for short term investments and a change from net payments to net proceeds from derivatives. 
 Cash used for financing activities increased primarily due to the redemption of 600 of 7.875 junior subordinated debentures in the second quarter of 2022, as well as proceeds from the issuance of debt in the third quarter of 2021, partially offset by a decrease in share repurchases. 
 Operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been adequate to meet liquidity requirements. 
 
 | EQUITY MARKETS 
 For a discussion of the potential impact of the equity markets on capital and liquidity, see the Financial Risk on Statutory Capital and Liquidity Risk section in this MD A. 
 
 | RATINGS 
 Ratings are an important factor in establishing a competitive position in the insurance marketplace and impact the Company's ability to access financing and its cost of borrowing. There can be no assurance that the Company s ratings will continue for any given period of time, or that they will not be changed. In the event the Company s ratings are downgraded, the Company s competitive position, ability to access financing, and its cost of borrowing, may be adversely impacted. 

On August 15, 2022, S P upgraded the financial strength rating of The Navigators Group, Inc. and its core operating subsidiaries (collectively, "Navigators"), including NIC, to A+ from A with a Stable outlook. The upgrade of Navigators is reflective of its core status to the Company and recognizes its improved underwriting, which is in line with the Company's overall underwriting standard. 
 Insurance Financial Strength Ratings as of February 23, 2023 
 A.M. Best Standard Poor's Moody's Hartford Fire Insurance Company A+ A+ A1 Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company A+ A+ A1 Navigators Insurance Company A+ A+ Not Rated Other Ratings: The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.: Senior debt a- BBB+ Baa1 
 These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of The Hartford s securities and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time at the discretion of the rating organization. Each agency s rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency s rating. The system and the number of rating categories can vary across rating agencies. 
 Among other factors, rating agencies consider the level of statutory capital and surplus of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries as well as the level of GAAP capital held by the Company in determining the Company's financial strength and credit ratings. Rating agencies may implement changes to their capital formulas that have the effect of increasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings may make our products less attractive, increase our cost of capital and inhibit our ability to refinance our debt. 

| STATUTORY CAPITAL 
 U.S. Statutory Capital Rollforward for the Company's Insurance Subsidiaries 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Subsidiaries [1] [2] Group Benefits Insurance Subsidiary Total U.S. statutory capital at January 1, 2022 
 11,914 2,410 14,324 Statutory income 1,514 378 1,892 Dividends to parent (1,365) (240) (1,605) Other items 48 23 71 Net change to U.S. statutory capital 197 161 358 U.S. statutory capital at December 31, 2022 
 12,111 2,571 14,682 
 [1] The statutory capital for property and casualty insurance subsidiaries in this table does not include the value of an intercompany note owed by HHI to Hartford Fire Insurance Company. 
 [2] Excludes insurance operations in the U.K. 

110 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Stat to GAAP Differences 
 Significant differences between U.S. GAAP stockholders equity and aggregate statutory capital prepared in accordance with U.S. STAT include the following: 
 U.S. STAT excludes equity of non-insurance and foreign insurance subsidiaries not held by U.S. insurance subsidiaries. 
 Costs incurred by the Company to acquire insurance policies are deferred under U.S. GAAP while those costs are expensed immediately under U.S. STAT. 
 Temporary differences between the book and tax basis of an asset or liability which are recorded as deferred tax assets are evaluated for recoverability under U.S. GAAP while these amounts are then subject to further admissibility tests under U.S. STAT. 
 The assumptions used in the determination of Group Benefits reserves (i.e. for Group Benefits contracts) are prescribed under U.S. STAT, while the assumptions used under U.S. GAAP are generally the Company s best estimates. 
 The difference between the amortized cost and fair value of fixed maturity and other investments, net of tax, is recorded as an increase or decrease to the carrying value of the related asset and to equity under U.S. GAAP, while, under U.S. STAT, most investments are carried at amortized cost with only certain securities carried at fair value, such as equity securities and certain lower rated bonds required by 

the NAIC to be recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. 
 U.S. STAT for life insurance companies like HLA establishes a formula reserve for realized and unrealized losses due to default and equity risks associated with certain invested assets (the Asset Valuation Reserve), while U.S. GAAP does not. Also, for those realized gains and losses caused by changes in interest rates, U.S. STAT for life insurance companies defers and amortizes the gains and losses, caused by changes in interest rates, into income over the original life to maturity of the asset sold (the Interest Maintenance Reserve) while U.S. GAAP does not. 
 Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a business is tested for recoverability on an annual basis (or more frequently, as necessary) for U.S. GAAP, while under U.S. STAT goodwill is amortized over a period not to exceed 10 years and the amount of goodwill admitted as an asset is limited. 
 The deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance for losses ceded to the Navigators and A E ADC agreements is recognized within a special category of surplus under U.S. STAT but is recognized within other liabilities under U.S. GAAP. 
 In addition, certain assets, including a portion of premiums receivable and fixed assets, are non-admitted (recorded at zero value and charged against surplus) under U.S. STAT. U.S. GAAP generally evaluates assets based on their recoverability. 

| RISK BASED CAPITAL 
 The Company's U.S. insurance companies' states of domicile impose RBC requirements. The requirements provide a means of measuring the minimum amount of statutory capital appropriate for an insurance company to support its overall business operations based on its size and risk profile. Companies below specific trigger points or ratios are classified within certain levels, each of which requires specified corrective action. All of the Company's U.S. operating insurance subsidiaries had RBC ratios in excess of the minimum levels required by the applicable insurance regulations. 

Similar to the RBC ratios that are employed by U.S. insurance regulators, regulatory authorities in the international jurisdictions in which the Company operates generally establish minimum solvency requirements for insurance companies. All of the Company's international insurance subsidiaries expect to maintain capital levels in excess of the minimum levels required by the applicable regulatory authorities. 

| SENSITIVITY 
 In any particular period, statutory capital amounts and RBC ratios may increase or decrease depending upon a variety of factors. The amount of change in the statutory capital or RBC ratios can vary based on individual factors and may be compounded in extreme scenarios or if multiple factors occur at the same time. At times the impact of changes in certain market factors or a combination of multiple factors on RBC ratios can be counterintuitive. For further discussion on these factors, see MD A - Enterprise Risk Management, Financial Risk on Statutory Capital. 
 Statutory capital at the insurance subsidiaries has been maintained at capital levels commensurate with the Company's desired RBC ratios and ratings from rating agencies. The amount of statutory capital can increase or decrease depending on a number of factors affecting insurance results including, among other factors, the level of catastrophe claims incurred, 

the amount of reserve development, the effect of changes in interest rates on investment income and the discounting of loss reserves, and the effect of realized gains and losses on investments. 
 
 | CONTINGENCIES 
 Legal Proceedings 
 For a discussion regarding The Hartford s legal proceedings, see the information contained in Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

111 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Legislative and Regulatory Developments 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA which is generally effective for years beginning after December 31, 2022. Notably, the bill created a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on corporations with three-year average financial statement income over 1 billion. The Internal Revenue Service has issued limited preliminary guidance. The Company has made certain interpretations and assumptions to comply with the CAMT. While the Company's financial statement income is over 1 billion, it is not expected the Company would have a CAMT liability. If CAMT is paid in the future, the amount would be indefinitely available as a credit carryforward that would reduce tax in future years and would be treated as a temporary item reflected within deferred taxes. The IRA also creates a 1 non-deductible excise tax on stock buybacks of publicly traded U.S. corporations. Such excise tax applies if a company repurchases in excess of 1 worth of its stock in any given calendar year. The impact of this provision will depend on the extent of share repurchases made in future periods. In addition, the IRA added 

an 80 billion funding increase for the IRS to support tax enforcement and modernization. Increases to IRS enforcement resources could increase audits on corporate taxpayers, which may include the Company. Finally, the IRA provides the U.S. Department of Treasury with authority to promulgate additional regulations and guidance on implementing the new law . 
 In addition, Congress may consider a variety of proposals including a possible increase in the corporate tax rate to offset the cost of any new spending. Tax proposals and regulatory initiatives that may be considered by Congress and/or the U.S. Treasury Department could have a material effect on the Company and its insurance businesses. The nature and timing of any such Congressional or regulatory action with respect to any such efforts is unclear. 
 Guaranty Fund and Other Insurance-related Assessments 
 For a discussion regarding Guaranty Fund and Other Insurance-related Assessments, see Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

IMPACT OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 For a discussion of accounting standards, see Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 112 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to MD A 
 
 Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 ACRONYMS 
 
 A E 
 Asbestos and Environmental 
 HIMCO 
 Hartford Investment Management Company 
 ABS 
 Asset Backed Securities 
 HLA Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company ACL 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 IBNR Incurred But Not Reported ADC 
 Adverse Development Cover 
 LAE Loss Adjustment Expense AFS 
 Available-For-Sale 
 LCL Liability for Credit Losses ALAE 
 Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 LIBOR London Inter-Bank Offered Rate AOCI 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 LTD Long-Term Disability AUM 
 Assets Under Management 
 LTV Loan-to-Value BSA 
 Boy Scouts of America 
 MD A Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations CAY 
 Current Accident Year 
 NAIC National Association of Insurance Commissioners CLO 
 Collateralized Loan Obligations 
 NIC Navigators Insurance Company CMBS 
 Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 
 NICO National Indemnity Company, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Berkshire CPRI 
 Credit and Political Risk Insurance 
 NM Not Meaningful DAC 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 NOLs Net Operating Loss Carryforwards or Carrybacks DEI 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 NSIC Navigators Specialty Insurance Company DLR 
 Disabled Life Reserve 
 OCI Other Comprehensive Income DSCR 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
 OTC Over-the-Counter ERCC 
 Enterprise Risk and Capital Committee 
 P C Property and Casualty ESPP 
 The Hartford Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 PG E PG E Corporation and Pacific Gas and Electric Company ETF 
 Exchange-Traded Funds 
 PV T Political Violence and Terrorism FAL 
 Funds at Lloyd's 
 PYD Prior Accident Year Development FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 RBC Risk-Based Capital FHLBB 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston 
 RMBS Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities FVO 
 Fair Value Option 
 ROA Return on Assets GAAP 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 ROE Return on Equity HFSG 
 Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 SCR Solvency Capital Requirement HHI 
 Hartford Holdings, Inc. 
 ULAE Unallocated Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 113 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part II - Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The Company's principal executive officer and its principal financial officer, based on their evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective for the purposes set forth in the definition thereof in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) as of December 31, 2022. 
 MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries The Hartford is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for The Hartford as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The Hartford's management assessed its internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 in relation to criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment under those criteria, The Hartford's management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE COMPANY'S REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Hartford's independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued their attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting which is set forth below. 

114 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part II - Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate . 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 24, 2023 

115 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part III - Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of The Hartford 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE HARTFORD 
 Certain of the information called for by Item 10 will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the Proxy Statement to be filed by The Hartford with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K under the captions and subcaptions Board and Governance Matters , and Director Nominees" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which is applicable to all employees of the Company, including the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer and the principal accounting officer. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on the investor relations section of the Company s website at: http://ir.thehartford.com. 

Any waiver of, or material amendment to, the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct will be posted promptly to our web site in accordance with applicable NYSE and SEC rules. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE HARTFORD 
 Information about the executive officers of The Hartford who are also nominees for election as directors will be set forth in The Hartford s Proxy Statement. Set forth below is information about the other executive officers of the Company as of February 23, 2023: 

Name Age Position with The Hartford and Business Experience For the Past Five Years Jonathan R. Bennett 
 58 Executive Vice President and Head of Group Benefits (August 2019-present); Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy for Property and Casualty and Group Benefits (October, 2012-August 2019) 
 Claire H. Burns 
 54 Chief Marketing and Communications Officer (September 2021-present); Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer, Prudential International (February 2018-July 2021); Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, MetLife (November 2012-January 2018) Stephanie C. Bush 58 Executive Vice President and Head of Small Commercial and Personal Lines (January 2018-present) Beth A. Costello 
 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (July 2014-present) 
 Michael R. Fisher 57 Executive Vice President and Property and Casualty Chief Underwriting Officer (May 2019-present); Executive Vice President and Head of Specialty Commercial (October 2014-April 2019) John J. Kinney 51 Executive Vice President, Head of Claims Operations (August 2021-present); Chief Claims Officer (April 2013-August 2021) 
 Scott R. Lewis [1] 
 60 Senior Vice President and Controller (May 2013-present) 
 Robert W. Paiano 
 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer (June 2017-present); Senior Vice President Treasurer (July 2010-May 2017) David C. Robinson 
 57 Executive Vice President and General Counsel (June 2015-present) 
 Lori A. Rodden 
 52 Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer (October 2019-present); and Senior Vice President and Lead Human Resources Business Partner for Property Casualty, Group Benefits, Claims and Actuarial (April 2016-October 2019) 
 Deepa Soni 53 Executive Vice President, Head of Technology, Data, Analytics Information Security (August 2021-present); Chief Information Officer (September 2019-August 2021); U.S. Chief Information Officer, BMO Financial Group (April 2016-September 2019) 
 Amy M. Stepnowski 54 Executive Vice President Chief Investment Officer (August 2020-present); President of Hartford Investment Management Company (August 2020-Present); Managing Director and Head of Public Credit Research Hartford Investment Management Company (September 2008-August 2020) 
 Adin M. Tooker 53 Executive Vice President, Middle and Large Commercial, Global Specialty and Sales and Distribution (November 2022-present); Executive Vice President and Head of Middle and Large Commercial (March 2019-October 2022); Executive Vice President and Head of Middle Market (March 2017-February 2019) 
 [1] On November 1, 2022, Mr. Lewis notified the Company of his intent to retire as Senior Vice President and Controller effective February 28, 2023. 
 116 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part III - Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Certain of the information called for by Item 12 will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the caption Information on Stock Ownership and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 about the securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans, which consist of The Hartford 2010 Incentive Stock Plan (the 2010 Stock Plan ), The Hartford 2014 Incentive Stock Plan (the "2014 Stock Plan"), the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2020 Stock Plan") (collectively the "Stock Plans") and The Hartford Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 

On May 20, 2020, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2020 Stock Plan, which superseded the earlier plans. Pursuant to the provisions of the 2020 Stock Plan, no additional shares may be issued from the 2014 Stock Plan. To the extent that any awards under the 2010 Stock Plan and the 2014 Stock Plan are forfeited, terminated, surrendered, exchanged, expire unexercised or are settled in cash in lieu of stock (including to effect tax withholding) or for the issuance of a lesser number of shares than the number of shares subject to the award, the shares subject to such awards (or the relevant portion thereof) shall be available for award under the 2020 Stock Plan and such shares shall be added to the total number of shares available under the 2020 Stock Plan. For a description of the 2020 Stock Plan and the ESPP, see Note 19 - Stock Compensation Plans of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(a) (b) (c) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights [ 1] 
 Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants 
 and Rights [2] 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 (Excluding Securities Reflected in 
 Column (a)) [3] 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 11,031,922 51.58 11,531,725 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 11,031,922 51.58 11,531,725 
 [1] The amount shown in this column includes 6,596,674 outstanding options awarded under the 2010 Stock Plan, the 2014 Stock Plan and the 2020 Stock Plan. The amount shown in this column includes 3,517,067 outstanding restricted stock units, 710,927 outstanding performance shares at 100 of target (which excludes 448,510 shares that vested on December 31, 2022, related to the 2020-2022 performance period) and 207,254 non-vested dividend equivalent shares as of December 31, 2022 under the 2014 Stock Plan and the 2020 Stock Plan. The maximum number of performance shares that could be awarded is 1,421,854 (200 of target) if the Company achieved the highest performance level. Under the 2014 and 2020 Stock Plans, no more than 500,000 shares in the aggregate can be earned by an individual employee with respect to restricted stock unit and performance share awards made in a single calendar year. As a result, the number of shares ultimately distributed to an employee with respect to awards made in the same year will be reduced, if necessary, so that the number does not exceed this limit. 
 [2] The weighted-average exercise price reflects outstanding options and does not reflect outstanding restricted stock units or performance shares because they do not have exercise prices. 
 [3] Of these shares, 3,350,171 remain available for purchase under the ESPP as of December 31, 2022. 8,181,554 shares remain available for issuance as options, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards or performance shares under the 2020 Stock Plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 117 

| Table of Contents 
 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as a part of this report: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules elsewhere herein. 
 
 (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statement and Schedules elsewhere herein. 
 
 (3) Exhibits. See Exhibit Index elsewhere herein. 
 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 DESCRIPTION PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm [1] 
 119 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 121 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Loss) For the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 122 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 123 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 124 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 125 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 126 
 Note 2 - Earnings Per Common Share 
 133 
 Note 3 - Segment Information 
 134 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 136 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 144 
 Note 6 - Derivatives 
 152 
 Note 7 - Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances 
 157 
 Note 8 - Reinsurance 
 158 
 Note 9 - Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 161 
 Note 1 0 - Goodwill Other Intangible Assets 
 161 
 Note 1 1 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 162 
 Note 1 2 - Reserve for Future Policy Benefits 
 186 
 Note 1 3 - Debt 
 186 
 Note 1 4 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 189 
 Note 1 5 - Equity 
 192 
 Note 1 6 - Income Taxes 
 194 
 Note 17 - Changes in and Reclassifications From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Inc om e (Loss) 
 196 
 Note 1 8 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 197 
 Note 19 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 204 
 Note 2 0 - Leases 
 207 
 Note 2 1 - Business Dispositions 
 208 
 Note 2 2 - Restructuring and Other Costs 
 208 
 SCHEDULES Schedule I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Affiliates 
 210 
 Schedule II Condensed Financial Information of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc . 
 211 
 Schedule III Supplementary Insurance Information 
 214 
 Schedule IV Reinsurance 
 216 
 Schedule V Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 217 
 Schedule VI Supplemental Information Concerning Property and Casualty Insurance Operations [2] 
 [1] Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. is our principal accountant and an independent registered public accounting firm. 
 [2] Schedule has been omitted as information required is disclosed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or other Schedules. 
 
 118 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses - Refer to Notes 1 and 11 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 For property and casualty and group life and disability insurance products, the Company establishes reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims under insurance policies written by the Company. These reserves include estimates for both claims that have been reported and claims that have been incurred but not reported and include estimates of all losses and loss adjustment expenses associated with processing and settling these claims. This estimation process is based significantly on the assumption that past developments are an appropriate predictor of future events and involves a variety of actuarial techniques that analyze experience, trends and other relevant factors. 
 Given the subjectivity of estimating the ultimate cost to settle the liabilities for reported and unreported claims due to uncertainties caused by various factors including frequency and severity of claims as well as changes in the legislative and regulatory environment, performing audit procedures to evaluate whether unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses were appropriately recorded as of December 31, 2022, required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including controls over inputs, methods, and assumptions used in the Company's estimation processes. 
 We tested the underlying data that served as the basis for the Company s analysis, including historical claims. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we evaluated the methods and assumptions used by the Company to estimate the unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses by: 
 119 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 

Assessing the reasonableness of the Company s analysis and, for selected reserving lines, developing independent estimates of the unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and comparing such estimates to the Company s estimates. 
 Comparing the Company s prior year assumptions of expected development of ultimate loss to actual losses incurred during the current year to identify potential management bias in the determination of the unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. 
 Investments in Fixed Maturities Classified as Available-for-Sale - Refer to Notes 1, 4, and 5 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Investments in fixed maturities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value in the financial statements. The investments without readily determinable fair values were valued using significant unobservable inputs, such as credit spreads and interest rates beyond the observable curve, that involved considerable judgment by the Company. 
 Given the Company used models and unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of investments in fixed maturities classified as available-for-sale, performing audit procedures to evaluate these inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the models and unobservable inputs used by the Company to estimate the fair value of investments in fixed maturities classified as available-for-sale included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of investments in fixed maturities classified as available-for-sale, including controls over inputs, methods, and assumptions used in the Company s estimation processes. 
 On a sample basis, we tested the accuracy and completeness of the investments owned as of December 31, 2022, and the relevant security attributes used in the determination of their fair values. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, for a sample of investments, we tested the mathematical accuracy of the fair value calculation and developed independent estimates of the fair value and compared our estimates to the Company s estimates. In addition to developing independent estimates, we obtained an understanding of the models and inputs used by the Company and assessed those models and inputs for reasonableness. Such assessment included comparing inputs to external sources or developing independent inputs. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 120 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For the years ended December 31, (in millions, except for per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 
 Earned premiums Fee income Net investment income Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Other revenues Total revenues 
 Benefits, losses and expenses 
 Benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ("DAC") Insurance operating costs and other expenses Interest expense Amortization of other intangible assets Restructuring and other costs Total benefits, losses and expenses 
 Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Net income available to common stockholders per common share Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 121 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 For the years ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) OCI ): Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on fixed maturities, available for sale ("AFS") ) ) Change in unrealized losses on fixed maturities for which an allowance for credit losses ("ACL") has been recorded ) Change in net gain on cash flow hedging instruments ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in pension and other postretirement plan adjustments ) OCI, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 122 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, (in millions, except for share and per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Investments: Fixed maturities, AFS, at fair value (amortized cost of and , and ACL of and 
 Fixed maturities, at fair value using the fair value option ("FVO") Equity securities, at fair value Mortgage loans (net of ACL of and 
 Limited partnerships and other alternative investments Other investments Short-term investments Total investments Cash Restricted cash Premiums receivable and agents' balances (net of ACL of and 
 Reinsurance recoverables (net of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance of and 
 Deferred policy acquisition costs Deferred income taxes, net Goodwill Property and equipment, net Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Reserve for future policy benefits Other policyholder funds and benefits payable Unearned premiums Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14) 
 Stockholders Equity Preferred stock, par value shares authorized, shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, aggregate liquidation preference of 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized, shares issued at December 31, 2022 and shares issued at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 123 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

 For the years ended December 31, (in millions, except for share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock, beginning of period Treasury stock retired ) Common Stock, end of period Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Additional Paid-in Capital, beginning of period 
 Issuance of shares under incentive and stock compensation plans and other ) ) ) Stock-based compensation plans expense 
 Treasury stock retired ) ) Additional Paid-in Capital, end of period 
 Retained Earnings 
 Retained Earnings, beginning of period 
 Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax 
 ) Adjusted balance beginning of period 
 Net income Dividends declared on preferred stock 
 ) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock 
 ) ) ) Retained Earnings, end of period 
 Treasury Stock, at cost 
 Treasury Stock, at cost, beginning of period 
 ) ) ) Treasury stock acquired 
 ) ) ) Treasury stock retired Issuance of shares under incentive and stock compensation plans from treasury stock and other Net shares acquired related to employee incentive and stock compensation plans ) ) ) Treasury Stock, at cost, end of period 
 ) ) ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax, beginning of period 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, net of tax, end of period ) Total Stockholders Equity 
 Preferred Shares Outstanding 
 Common Shares Outstanding (in thousands) Common Shares Outstanding, beginning of period Treasury stock acquired 
 ) ) ) Issuance of shares under incentive and stock compensation plans and other Return of shares under incentive and stock compensation plans to treasury stock ) ) ) Common Shares Outstanding, end of period 
 Cash dividends declared per common share 
 Cash dividends declared per preferred share 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 124 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the years ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Net realized losses (gains) ) ) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs Additions to deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on sale of business Other operating activities, net ) Change in assets and liabilities: Increase in reinsurance recoverables ) ) ) Net change in accrued and deferred income taxes ) Increase in insurance liabilities Net change in premiums receivable and agents' balances ) ) ) Net change in other assets and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Proceeds from the sale/maturity/prepayment of: Fixed maturities, AFS Fixed maturities, FVO Equity securities at fair value Mortgage loans Limited partnerships and other alternative investments Payments for the purchase of: Fixed maturities, AFS ) ) ) Fixed maturities, FVO ) ) Equity securities at fair value ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Limited partnerships and other alternative investments ) ) ) Net proceeds from (payments for) derivatives ) Net additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Net (payments for) short-term investments ) ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Proceeds from businesses sold, net of cash transferred Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Deposits and other additions to investment and universal life-type contracts Withdrawals and other deductions from investment and universal life-type contracts ) ) ) Net decrease in securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase ) Repayment of debt ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of debt Net issuance (return) of shares under incentive and stock compensation plans ) ) Treasury stock acquired ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Foreign exchange rate effect on cash ) ) Net increase in cash and restricted cash, including cash classified within assets held for sale Less: Net increase (decrease) in cash classified as assets held for sale ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash beginning of period Cash and restricted cash end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Income tax paid (received) ) Interest paid 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 125 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollar amounts in millions, except for per share data, unless otherwise stated) 

, representing a net increase to the ACL and LCL, after tax. No ACL was recognized at adoption for fixed maturities, AFS; rather, these investments are evaluated for an ACL prospectively. The Company does not have any purchased financial assets with a more than insignificant amount of credit deterioration since original issuance. 

126 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

ACL on mortgage loans ) ) Mortgage loans, net of ACL ) Premiums receivable and agents balances ACL on premiums receivable and agents' balances ) ) Premiums receivable and agents' balances, net of ACL Reinsurance recoverables ACL and allowance for disputed amounts on reinsurance recoverables ) ) ) Reinsurance recoverables, net of allowance for uncollectible reinsurance ) Deferred income tax asset, net Other liabilities ) ) ) Retained Earnings ) 
 Summary of Adoption Impacts 
 Net increase to ACL and LCL ) Net tax effects Net decrease to retained earnings ) 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 On March 12, 2020, the Company adopted the FASB s temporary guidance, which allows The Hartford to account for contract modifications made solely due to rate reform (such as replacing London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") with another reference rate) as continuations of existing contracts and to maintain hedge accounting when the hedging effectiveness between a financial instrument and its hedge is only affected by the change to a replacement rate. As a result, The Hartford will not recognize gains and losses during the transition period of LIBOR to an alternative reference rate that would otherwise have arisen from accounting assessments and remeasurements. On December 21, 2022, the FASB extended the effective date for the temporary guidance and the temporary guidance now expires for contract modifications made and hedge relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2024. The Company is not required to measure the effect of adoption on its financial position, cash flows or net income 

, and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Under guidance in effect up until the adoption date, a reserve for future policy benefits is calculated as the present value of future benefits and related expenses less the present value of any future premiums using assumptions locked in at the time the policies were issued, including discount rate, lapse rate, mortality, and expense assumptions. Under that guidance, assumptions are only updated if there is an expected premium deficiency. The new guidance will require that underlying cash flow assumptions (such as for lapse rate and mortality) be reviewed and updated at least annually in the same quarter each year. The new guidance also requires that the discount rate assumption be updated each quarter and be based on an upper-medium grade (low-credit-risk) fixed-income investment yield. The change in the reserve estimate as a result of updating cash flow assumptions will be recognized in net income. The change in the reserve estimate as a result of updating the discount rate assumption will be recognized in OCI. Because reserves will be based on updated assumptions and no longer locked in at contract inception, there will no longer be a test for premium deficiency. The Company will adopt the new guidance retrospectively to the transition date and will apply a modified retrospective transition method. 
 The Company expects the adoption of the new guidance to result in an increase of approximately to the reserve for future policy benefits and a decrease of approximately after tax to accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") as of the transition date because market upper-medium grade (low-credit-risk) fixed-income investment yields were lower as of the transition date than the locked in rates that were previously used to discount the reserves. An increase in market interest rates since the transition date resulted in a change from an AOCI loss of approximately to an AOCI gain of approximately as of December 31, 2022. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are as follows: 

127 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

of total net written premiums for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Participating dividends to property and casualty policyholders were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 There were no additional amounts of income allocated to participating policyholders. 

128 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

129 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

130 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

and , respectively, reported in other liabilities. 
 Premiums, benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses reflect the net effects of ceded and assumed reinsurance transactions. Included in other assets are prepaid reinsurance premiums, which represent the portion of premiums ceded to reinsurers applicable to the unexpired terms of the reinsurance contracts. Reinsurance recoverables are balances due from reinsurers for ceded paid and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and are presented net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. Changes in the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance are reported in benefits, losses and loss adjustment expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of its reinsurance recoverable assets and establishes an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance reflects management s best estimate of reinsurance cessions that may be uncollectible in the future due to reinsurers unwillingness or inability to pay. The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance comprises an ACL and an allowance for disputed balances. Based on this analysis, the Company may adjust the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance or charge off reinsurer balances that are determined to be uncollectible. The Company records credit losses related to reinsurance recoverables in benefits losses and loss adjustment expenses. Write-offs of reinsurance recoverables and any related ACL are recorded in the period in which the balance is deemed uncollectible. Expected recoveries are included in the estimate of the ACL. 
 Retroactive reinsurance agreements, including adverse development covers ("ADC"), are reinsurance agreements under which our reinsurer agrees to reimburse us as a result of 

billion and billion, and the deferred gain liability reported in other liabilities was and , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In any given period, the change in deferred gain included in net income includes amortization of the deferred gain based on the percentage of ultimate ceded losses collected plus any change in the deferred gain liability due to changes in the estimated ultimate losses to be recovered. The effect on income from change in the deferred gain was a charge to earnings of , and before tax for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 

131 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

to years. Management revises amortization periods if it believes there has been a change in the length of time that an intangible asset will continue to have value. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization. Intangible assets are assessed for impairment generally when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment and at least annually for indefinite-lived intangibles. Finite-lived intangible assets are impaired if the carrying amount is not recoverable from undiscounted cash flows. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired if the carrying amount exceeds fair value. Impaired intangible assets are written down to fair value. 
 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is reported in insurance operating costs and other expenses. The 

, , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is reported in insurance operating costs and other expenses. 
 Leases 
 Leases are classified as financing or operating leases. Where the lease is economically similar to a purchase because The Hartford obtains control of the underlying asset, the lease is classified as a financing lease and the Company recognizes amortization of the right of use asset and interest expense on the liability. Where the lease is not economically similar to a purchase as the lease provides The Hartford with only the right to control the use of the underlying asset over the lease term and the lease term is greater than one year, the lease is an operating lease and the lease cost is recognized as rental expense over the lease term on a straight-line basis. Leases with a term of one year or less are also expensed over the lease term but not recognized on the balance sheet. 

132 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Shares 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic Dilutive effect of stock-based awards under compensation plans Weighted average common shares outstanding and dilutive potential common shares [1] Net income available to common stockholders per common share Basic 
 Diluted 
 [1] For additional information, see Note 15 - Equity and Note 19 - Stock Compensation Plans. 
 Basic earnings per common share is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per common share includes the dilutive effect of stock-based awards under compensation plans. 
 Under the treasury stock method, for stock-based awards, shares are assumed to be issued and then reduced for the number of shares repurchasable with theoretical proceeds at the average market price for the period. Contingently issuable shares are included for the number of shares issuable assuming 

the end of the reporting period was the end of the contingency period, if dilutive. 

133 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 3 - Segment Information 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 reporting segments including Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Property Casualty Other Operations, Group Benefits and Hartford Funds, as well as a Corporate category. 
 
 We report our results of operations consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews the business to assess performance, make operating decisions and allocate resources. The Company s reporting segments, as well as the Corporate category, are as follows: 
 Commercial Lines 
 Commercial Lines provides a variety of insurance products and risk management services in the U.S. and internationally, with insurance coverages including workers compensation, property, automobile, general liability, umbrella, package business, professional liability, bond, marine, livestock and assumed reinsurance. 
 Personal Lines 
 Personal Lines provides standard automobile, homeowners and personal umbrella coverages to individuals across the U.S., including a special program designed exclusively for members of AARP. This agreement provides an important competitive advantage given the size of the 50 plus population and the strength of the AARP brand, and is in place through December 31, 2032. 
 Property Casualty Other Operations 
 Property Casualty Other Operations includes certain property and casualty operations, managed by the Company, that have discontinued writing new business and includes substantially all of the Company s asbestos and environmental exposures. 
 Group Benefits 
 Group Benefits provides employers and associations with group life, accident and disability coverage, along with other products and services, including voluntary benefits, and group retiree health. 
 Hartford Funds 
 Hartford Funds offers investment products for retail and retirement accounts and provides investment management, distribution and administrative services such as product design, implementation and oversight. This business also manages a portion of the mutual funds which support the variable annuity products within Talcott Resolution life and annuity separate accounts. 
 Corporate 
 The Company includes in the Corporate category reserves for run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreement liabilities, restructuring costs, capital raising activities (including equity financing, debt financing and related interest expense), transaction expenses incurred in connection with an acquisition, 

certain M A costs, purchase accounting adjustments related to goodwill and other expenses not allocated to the reporting segments. Interest expense of , and , on debt for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is included in the Corporate category for segment reporting. Corporate also includes investment management fees and expenses related to managing third party business, including management of a portion of the invested assets of Talcott Resolution Life, Inc. and its subsidiaries as well certain of Talcott's affiliates. In addition, up until June 30, 2021, Corporate included a 9.7 ownership interest in Hopmeadow Holdings LP, the legal entity that acquired Talcott Resolution in May 2018 (Hopmeadow Holdings, LP, Talcott Resolution Life Inc., and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as "Talcott Resolution"). Refer to Note 5 - Investments for additional information. 
 Financial Measures and Other Segment Information 
 Certain transactions between segments occur during the year that primarily relate to tax settlements, insurance coverage, expense reimbursements, services provided, investment transfers and capital contributions. In addition, certain inter-segment transactions occur that relate to interest income on allocated surplus. Consolidated net income is unaffected by such transactions. 

134 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 3 - Segment Information 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Liability Marine Package business Property Professional liability Bond Assumed reinsurance Automobile Total Commercial Lines Personal Lines Automobile Homeowners Total Personal Lines [1] Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Group disability Group life Other Total Group Benefits Hartford Funds Mutual fund and ETF Talcott Resolution life and annuity separate accounts [2] Total Hartford Funds Corporate Total earned premiums and fee income Total net investment income Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Other revenues Total revenues 
 [1] For 2022, 2021 and 2020, AARP members accounted for earned premiums of billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 [2] Represents revenues earned for investment advisory services on the life and annuity separate account assets under management ("AUM") sold in May 2018 that is still managed by the Company's Hartford Funds segment. 

Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations ) ) ) Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate ) ) ) Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders 
 Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Net investment income 
 Amortization of DAC 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Commercial Lines Personal Lines Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Total amortization of DAC 
 Amortization of Other Intangible Assets 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Commercial Lines Personal Lines Group Benefits Total amortization of other intangible assets 

135 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 3 - Segment Information 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations ) ) ) Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate ) ) ) Total income tax expense 

Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Total assets 

Personal Lines Installment billing fees Fee income Insurance servicing revenues Other revenues Group Benefits Administrative services Fee income Hartford Funds Advisor, distribution and other management fees Fee income Corporate Investment management and other fees Fee income Other Other revenues Total non-insurance revenues with customers 

136 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Collateralized loan obligations ("CLO") Commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") Corporate Foreign government/government agencies Municipal Residential mortgage-backed securities ("RMBS") U.S. Treasuries Total fixed maturities, AFS Fixed maturities, FVO Equity securities, at fair value Derivative assets Credit derivatives Foreign exchange derivatives Total derivative assets [1] Short-term investments Total assets accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis Liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis Derivative liabilities Credit derivatives ) ) Foreign exchange derivatives Interest rate derivatives ) ) Total derivative liabilities [2] Total liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis 
 137 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 CLO CMBS Corporate Foreign government/government agencies Municipal RMBS U.S. Treasuries Total fixed maturities, AFS Fixed maturities, FVO Equity securities, at fair value Derivative assets Credit derivatives Foreign exchange derivatives Interest rate derivatives ) ) Total derivative assets [1] Short-term investments Total assets accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis Liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis Derivative liabilities Credit derivatives ) ) Foreign exchange derivatives ) Interest rate derivatives ) ) Total derivative liabilities [2] ) ) ) Total liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis ) ) ) 
 [1] Includes derivative instruments in a net positive fair value position after consideration of the accrued interest and impact of collateral posting requirements which may be imposed by agreements and applicable law. See footnote 2 to this table for derivative liabilities. 
 [2] Includes derivative instruments in a net negative fair value position (derivative liability) after consideration of the accrued interest and impact of collateral posting requirements which may be imposed by agreements and applicable law. 
 
 The Company has overseas deposits included in other investments of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which are measured at fair value using the net asset value as a practical expedient. 
 Fixed Maturities, Equity Securities, Short-term Investments, and Derivatives 

138 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

139 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 140 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Discounted cash flows Spread bps bps bps Decrease CMBS [3] Discounted cash flows Spread (encompasses prepayment, default risk and loss severity) bps bps bps Decrease Corporate [4] Discounted cash flows Spread bps bps bps Decrease RMBS [3] Discounted cash flows Spread [6] bps bps bps Decrease Constant prepayment rate [6] Decrease [5] Constant default rate [6] Decrease Loss severity [6] Decrease As of December 31, 2021 
 CLO [3] Discounted cash flows Spread bps bps bps Decrease CMBS [3] Discounted cash flows Spread (encompasses prepayment, default risk and loss severity) bps bps bps Decrease Corporate [4] Discounted cash flows Spread bps bps bps Decrease RMBS [3] Discounted cash flows Spread [6] bps bps bps Decrease Constant prepayment rate [6] Decrease [5] Constant default rate [6] Decrease Loss severity [6] Decrease 
 [1] The weighted average is determined based on the fair value of the securities. 
 [2] Conversely, the impact of a decrease in input would have the opposite impact to the fair value as that presented in the table. 
 [3] Excludes securities for which the Company bases fair value on broker quotations. 
 [4] Excludes securities for which the Company bases fair value on broker quotations; however, included are broker priced lower-rated private placement securities for which the Company receives spread and yield information to corroborate the fair value. 
 [5] Decrease for above market rate coupons and increase for below market rate coupons. 
 [6] Generally, a change in the assumption used for the constant default rate would have been accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the loss severity and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for constant prepayment rate and would have resulted in wider spreads. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of the Company's level 3 derivatives were less than for both periods. 
 The table above excludes certain securities for which fair values are predominately based on independent broker quotes. While the Company does not have access to the significant unobservable inputs that independent brokers may use in their pricing process, the Company believes brokers likely use inputs similar to those used by the Company and third-party pricing services to price similar instruments. As such, in their pricing models, brokers likely use estimated loss severity rates, prepayment rates, constant default rates and credit spreads. Therefore, similar to non-broker priced securities, increases in these inputs would generally cause fair values to decrease. As of December 31, 2022, significant adjustments were made by the Company to broker prices received. 

141 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

contingent upon growth in ETF AUM over a period of beginning on the date of acquisition. The contingent consideration was measured at fair value on a quarterly basis by projecting future eligible ETF AUM over the contingency period to estimate the amount of expected payout. The future expected payout had been discounted back to the valuation date using a risk-adjusted discount rate of . The risk-adjusted discount rate is an internally generated and significant unobservable input to fair value. 
 In January 2020, we made a third payment of after Lattice AUM reached billion. Given the dramatic market declines and outflows in March, 2020, Lattice AUM declined to billion as of March 30, 2020 and the Company reduced the 
 remaining contingent consideration liability to , recognizing an before tax reduction in expense in first quarter 2020. 

additional consideration payable. 
 For disclosure of contingent consideration related to the sale of Continental Europe Operations, refer to Note 21 - Business Dispositions. 
 
 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Using Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 The Company uses derivative instruments to manage the risk associated with certain assets and liabilities. However, the derivative instrument may not be classified within the same fair value hierarchy level as the associated asset or liability. 

) CLO ) ) ) CMBS ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) Foreign Govt./Govt. Agencies ) ) RMBS ) ) ) Total fixed maturities, AFS ) ) ) ) ) Fixed maturities, FVO ) ) Equity securities, at fair value ) Short-term investments ) ) Total Assets ) ) ) ) ) 
 142 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) ) CLO ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) Foreign Govt./Govt. Agencies ) RMBS ) ) ) ) Total fixed maturities, AFS ) ) ) ) Fixed maturities, FVO ) Equity securities, at fair value ) ) Short-term investments ) Total Assets ) ) ) ) 
 [1] Amounts in these columns are generally reported in net realized gains (losses) . All amounts are before income taxes. 
 [2] All amounts are before income taxes. 
 [3] Transfers in and/or (out) of Level 3 are primarily attributable to the availability of market observable information and the re-evaluation of the observability of pricing inputs. 
 Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) for Financial Instruments Classified as Level 3 Still Held at Year End 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Changes in Unrealized Gain/(Loss) included in Net Income [1] [2] Changes in Unrealized Gain/(Loss) included in OCI [3] Changes in Unrealized Gain/(Loss) included in Net Income [1] [2] Changes in Unrealized Gain/(Loss) included in OCI [3] Assets Fixed maturities, AFS CLO ) ) CMBS ) Corporate ) ) ) RMBS ) ) Total fixed maturities, AFS ) ) ) Fixed maturities, FVO ) ) Equity securities, at fair value Total Assets ) ) ) ) 
 [1] All amounts in these rows are reported in net realized gains (losses ). All amounts are before income taxes. 
 [2] Amounts presented are for Level 3 only and therefore may not agree to other disclosures included herein. 
 [3] Changes in unrealized gain (loss) on fixed maturities, AFS are reported in changes in net unrealized gain (loss) on fixed maturities in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 143 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

and , respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, realized losses related to the change in fair value of assets using the fair value option were and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were realized gains (losses) related to the change in fair value of assets using the fair value option. 

Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value 
 Level 3 Liabilities Other policyholder funds and benefits payable Level 3 Level 3 Senior notes [2] Level 2 Level 2 Junior subordinated debentures [2] Level 2 Level 2 
 [1] As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying amount of mortgage loans is net of ACL of and , respectively 
 [2] Included in long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, except for any current maturities, which are included in short-term debt when applicable. 
 
 Equity securities Mortgage loans Limited partnerships and other alternative investments Other investments [2] Investment expenses ) ) ) Total net investment income 
 [1] Includes net investment income on short-term investments. 
 [2] Primarily includes changes in fair value of certain equity fund investments and income from derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting and are used to hedge fixed maturities. 
 144 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Gross losses on sales of fixed maturities 
 ) ) ) Equity securities [1] Net realized gains (losses) on sales of equity securities ) ) Change in net unrealized gains (losses) of equity securities ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities ) ) Net credit losses on fixed maturities, AFS ) ) Change in ACL on mortgage loans ) ) Intent-to-sell impairments ) ) Other, net [2] Net realized gains (losses) ) ) 
 [1] The change in net unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities still held as of the end of the period and included in net realized gains (losses) were ), , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 [2] Includes gains on non-qualifying derivatives for 2022, 2021, and 2020 of , , and , respectively, and gains (losses) from transactional foreign currency revaluation of , ) and ), respectively. Also includes a loss of and , respectively, on the sale of the Continental Europe Operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as a gain of for the year ended December 31, 2021 on the sale of the Company's previously owned interest in Talcott Resolution. 
 Proceeds from the sales of fixed maturities, AFS totaled billion, billion, and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Sales of AFS securities in 2022 were primarily a result of tactical changes to the portfolio driven by changing market conditions, in addition to duration and liquidity management. 
 Accrued Interest Receivable on Fixed Maturities, AFS and Mortgage Loans 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company reported accrued interest receivable related to fixed maturities, AFS of and , respectively, and accrued interest receivable related to mortgage loans of and , respectively. These amounts are recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are not included in the carrying value of the fixed maturities or mortgage loans. The Company does not include the current accrued interest receivable balance when estimating the ACL. The Company has a policy to write-off accrued interest receivable balances that are more than 90 days past due. Write-offs of accrued interest receivable are recorded as a credit loss component of net realized gains and losses. 
 Interest income on fixed maturities and mortgage loans is accrued unless it is past due over 90 days or management deems the interest uncollectible. 
 Recognition and Presentation of Intent-to-Sell Impairments and ACL on Fixed Maturities, AFS 

Developing the Company s best estimate of expected future cash flows is a quantitative and qualitative process that incorporates information received from third-party sources along with certain internal assumptions regarding the future performance. The Company's considerations include, but are not limited to, (a) changes in the financial condition of the issuer and/or the underlying collateral, (b) whether the issuer is current on contractually obligated interest and principal payments, (c) credit ratings, (d) payment structure of the security and (e) the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost of the security. 

145 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Credit losses on fixed maturities where an allowance was not previously recorded Reduction due to sales ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Reduction due to intent to sell ) ) Net increases (decreases) on fixed maturities where an allowance was previously recorded ) ) ) ) ) Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 Fixed Maturities, AFS 
 ) ) CLO ) ) CMBS ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) Foreign govt./govt. agencies ) ) Municipal ) ) RMBS ) ) U.S. Treasuries ) ) Total fixed maturities, AFS ) ) ) ) 
 
 146 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Over one year through five years Over five years through ten years Over ten years Subtotal Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total fixed maturities, AFS 
 Estimated maturities may differ from contractual maturities due to call or prepayment provisions. Due to the potential for variability in payment speeds (i.e., prepayments or extensions), mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities are not categorized by contractual maturity. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 The Company aims to maintain a diversified investment portfolio including issuer, sector and geographic stratification, where applicable, and has established certain exposure limits, diversification standards and review procedures to mitigate credit risk. The Company had investment exposure to any credit concentration risk of a single issuer greater than 10 of the Company's stockholders' equity as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, other than U.S. government securities and certain U.S. government agencies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, other than U.S. government securities and certain U.S. government agencies, the 

Company s three largest exposures by issuer were the Toronto Dominion Bank, Morgan Stanley, and the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group each of which comprised less than of total invested assets. As of December 31, 2021, other than U.S. government securities and certain U.S. government agencies, the Company s three largest exposures by issuer were the Government of Canada, Apple Inc., and the IBM Corporation each of which comprised less than of total invested assets. The Company s three largest exposures by sector as of December 31, 2022, were the municipal sector, the financial services sector, and the RMBS sector which comprised approximately , , and , respectively, of total invested assets. The Company s three largest exposures by sector as of December 31, 2021, were the municipal sector, the financial services sector, and CMBS sector which comprised approximately , , and , respectively, of total invested assets. 

Unrealized Losses on Fixed Maturities, AFS 
 ) ) ) CLO ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Foreign govt./govt. agencies ) ) ) Municipal ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) U.S. Treasuries ) ) ) Total fixed maturities, AFS in an unrealized loss position ) ) ) 
 147 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) ) CLO ) ) CMBS ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Foreign govt./govt. agencies ) ) ) Municipal ) ) RMBS ) ) ) U.S. Treasuries ) ) ) Total fixed maturities, AFS in an unrealized loss position ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, fixed maturities, AFS in an unrealized loss position consisted of instruments and were primarily depressed due to higher interest rates and/or wider credit spreads since the purchase date. As of December 31, 2022, of these fixed maturities were depressed less than 20 of cost or amortized cost. The increase in unrealized losses during 2022, was primarily attributable to higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. 
 Most of the fixed maturities depressed for twelve months or more relate to the corporate sector and RMBS which were primarily depressed because current rates are higher and/or market spreads are wider than at the respective purchase dates. Additionally, certain corporate fixed maturities were also depressed because of their variable-rate coupons and long-dated maturities. The Company neither has an intention to sell nor does it expect to be required to sell the fixed maturities outlined in the preceding discussion. The decision to record credit losses on fixed maturities, AFS in the form of an ACL requires us to make qualitative and quantitative estimates of expected future cash flows. 
 Mortgage Loans 
 ACL on Mortgage Loans 
 The Company reviews mortgage loans on a quarterly basis to estimate the ACL with changes in the ACL recorded in net realized gains and losses. Apart from an ACL recorded on individual mortgage loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, the Company records an ACL on the pool of mortgage loans based on lifetime expected credit losses. The Company utilizes a third-party forecasting model to estimate lifetime expected credit losses at a loan level under multiple economic scenarios. The scenarios use macroeconomic data provided by an internationally recognized economics firm that generates forecasts of varying economic factors such as GDP growth, unemployment and interest rates. The economic scenarios are projected over 10 years. The first two to four years of the 10-year period assume a specific modeled economic scenario (including moderate upside, moderate recession and severe recession scenarios) and then revert to historical long-term assumptions over the remaining period. Using these economic scenarios, the forecasting model projects property-specific operating income and capitalization rates used to estimate the value of a future operating income stream. The operating income and the property valuations derived from capitalization rates are compared to loan payment and principal 

amounts to create debt service coverage ratios ("DSCRs") and LTVs over the forecast period. The Company's process also considers qualitative factors. The model overlays historical data about mortgage loan performance based on DSCRs and LTVs and projects the probability of default, amount of loss given a default and resulting expected loss through maturity for each loan under each economic scenario. Economic scenarios are probability-weighted based on a statistical analysis of the forecasted economic factors and qualitative analysis. The Company records the change in the ACL on mortgage loans based on the weighted-average expected credit losses across the selected economic scenarios. 
 When a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, including when foreclosure is probable, the Company measures an ACL on individual mortgage loans. The ACL is established for any shortfall between the amortized cost of the loan and the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. Estimates of collectibility from an individual borrower require the use of significant management judgment and include the probability and timing of borrower default and loss severity estimates. In addition, cash flow projections may change based upon new information about the borrower's ability to pay and/or the value of underlying collateral such as changes in projected property value estimates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did t have any mortgage loans for which an ACL was established on an individual basis. 
 There were mortgage loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had mortgage loans that have had extensions or restructurings other than what is allowable under the original terms of the contract. 

148 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Cumulative effect of accounting changes [1] Adjusted beginning ACL Current period provision (release) ) ACL as of December 31, 
 [1] Represents the adjustment to the ACL recorded on adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on January 1, 2020. For further information refer to Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. 
 The increase in the allowance for the 2022 period was primarily attributable to the deteriorating economic conditions and the potential impact on real estate property valuations and, to a lesser extent, net additions of new loans. During 2021, the Company decreased the estimate of the ACL in response improved economic scenarios, including improved GDP growth and unemployment, and higher property valuations. During 2020, the Company increased the estimate of the ACL in response to significant economic stress experienced as a result 

of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The weighted-average LTV ratio of the Company s mortgage loan portfolio was as of December 31, 2022, while the weighted-average LTV ratio at origination of these loans was . LTV ratios compare the loan amount to the value of the underlying property collateralizing the loan with property values based on appraisals updated no less than annually. Factors considered in estimating property values include, among other things, actual and expected property cash flows, geographic market data and the ratio of the property's net operating income to its value. DSCR compares a property s net operating income to the borrower s principal and interest payments and are updated no less than annually through reviews of underlying properties. 

x x x x x x x 65 - 80 x x x x x x x Less than 65 x x x x x x x Total mortgage loans 
 x x x x x x x [1]Amortized cost of mortgage loans excludes ACL of . 
 Mortgage Loans LTV DSCR by Origination Year as of December 31, 2021 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 Prior Total Loan-to-value Amortized Cost Avg. DSCR Amortized Cost Avg. DSCR Amortized Cost Avg. DSCR Amortized Cost Avg. DSCR Amortized Cost Avg. DSCR Amortized Cost Avg. DSCR Amortized Cost [1] Avg. DSCR 65 - 80 x x x x x x x Less than 65 x x x x x x x Total mortgage loans x x x x x x x [1]Amortized cost of mortgage loans excludes ACL of . 

149 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Middle Atlantic Mountain New England Pacific South Atlantic West North Central West South Central Other [1] Total mortgage loans ACL ) ) Total mortgage loans, net of ACL 
 [1] Primarily represents loans collateralized by multiple properties in various regions. 
 Mortgage Loans by Property Type December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Percent of Total Amortized Cost Percent of Total Commercial Industrial Multifamily Office Retail [1] Single Family Other Total mortgage loans ACL ) ) Total mortgage loans, net of ACL 
 [1]Primarily comprised of grocery-anchored retail centers, with no exposure to regional shopping malls. 
 Past-Due Mortgage Loans 
 Mortgage loans are considered past due if a payment of principal or interest is not received according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement, which typically includes a grace period. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company held mortgage loans considered past due. 
 Mortgage Servicing 
 The Company originates, sells, and services commercial mortgage loans on behalf of third parties and recognizes servicing fee income over the period that services are performed. As of December 31, 2022, under this program, the Company serviced mortgage loans with a total outstanding principal of billion, of which billion was serviced on 

behalf of third parties and billion was retained and reported in total investments on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the Company serviced mortgage loans with a total outstanding principal balance of billion, of which billion was serviced on behalf of third parties and billion was retained and reported in total investments on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Servicing rights are carried at the lower of cost or fair value and were as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, because servicing fees were market-level fees at origination and remain adequate to compensate the Company for servicing the loans. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 The Company is engaged with various special purpose entities and other entities that are deemed to be VIEs primarily as an investor through normal investment activities but also as an investment manager. 
 A VIE is an entity that either has investors that lack certain essential characteristics of a controlling financial interest, such as simple majority kick-out rights, or lacks sufficient funds to finance its own activities without financial support provided by other entities. The Company performs ongoing qualitative assessments of its VIEs to determine whether the Company has a controlling financial interest in the VIE and therefore is the primary beneficiary. The Company is deemed to have a controlling financial interest when it has both the ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Based on the Company s assessment, if it determines it is the primary beneficiary, the Company consolidates the VIE in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Consolidated VIEs 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t hold any securities for which it is the primary beneficiary. 
 Non-Consolidated VIEs 
 The Company, through normal investment activities, makes passive investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments. For these non-consolidated VIEs, the Company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary as it has no ability to direct activities that could significantly affect the economic performance of the investments. The Company s maximum exposure to loss as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is limited to the total carrying value of billion and billion, respectively, which are a portion of the investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets that are primarily recorded using the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has outstanding commitments totaling billion and billion, respectively, whereby the Company is committed to fund these investments and may be called by the partnership during the commitment period to fund the purchase of new investments and partnership expenses. These investments are generally of a passive nature in that the Company does not take an active role in management. 

150 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 and , respectively, within short-term investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets representing a receivable for the amount of cash transferred to purchase the securities. 
 Other Collateral Transactions 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company pledged collateral of and , respectively, of U.S. government securities or cash primarily related to certain bank loan participations committed to through a limited partnership agreement. 
 For disclosure of collateral in support of derivative transactions, refer to the Derivative Collateral Arrangements section in Note 6 - Derivatives of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other Restricted Investments 
 The Company is required by law to deposit securities with government agencies in certain states in which it conducts business. In addition, the Company is required to hold fixed maturities and short-term investments in trust for the benefit of syndicate policyholders, hold fixed maturities in a Lloyd's of London ("Lloyd's") trust account to provide a portion of the required capital, and maintain other investments primarily consisting of overseas deposits in various countries with Lloyd's to support underwriting activities in those countries. Lloyd's is an insurance market-place operating worldwide. Lloyd's does not underwrite risks. The Company accepts risks as the sole 

member of Lloyd's Syndicate 1221 ("Lloyd's Syndicate"). 
 The following table presents the components of the Company s exposure to other restricted investments. Fixed maturities in trust for benefit of Lloyd's Syndicate policyholders Short-term investments in trust for benefit of Lloyd's Syndicate policyholders Fixed maturities in Lloyd's trust account Other investments Total Other Restricted Investments 
 Equity Method Investments 
 The majority of the Company's investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments, including hedge funds, real estate joint ventures and funds, and private equity funds (collectively, limited partnerships ), are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The remainder of investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments consists of investments in insurer-owned life insurance accounted for at cash surrender value. Prior to June 30, 2021, the Company also had a retained 9.7 investment in Hopmeadow Holdings LP, the legal entity that acquired Talcott Resolution in May 2018 (collectively referred to as "Talcott Resolution"), which was accounted for under the equity method of accounting and was reported in other assets on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. On June 30, 2021, the Company sold its 9.7 ownership interest in Talcott Resolution and received a total in connection with the sale, resulting in a realized gain on sale of before tax during 2021. 
 The Company recognized total equity method income of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Equity method income is reported in net investment income, except amounts related to strategic investments classified in other assets which are reported in other revenues. For investments accounted for under the equity method, the Company s maximum exposure to loss as of December 31, 2022 is limited to the total carrying value of billion. In addition, the Company has outstanding commitments totaling billion to fund limited partnership investments as of December 31, 2022. The Company s investments accounted for under the equity method are generally of a passive nature in that the Company does not take an active role in the management. 
 In 2022, aggregate investment income from investments accounted for under the equity method exceeded of the Company s before tax consolidated net income (loss). Accordingly, the Company is disclosing aggregated, summarized financial data for the Company s investments accounted for under the equity method based on the most recently available information. This aggregated, summarized financial data does not represent the Company s proportionate share of investees' assets or earnings. Aggregate total assets of the investees totaled billion and billion as of 

151 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Aggregate net investment income of the investees totaled billion, billion, and for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Aggregate net income 

billion, billion and billion for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of, and for the period ended, December 31, 2022, the aggregated summarized financial data reflects the latest available financial information. 

The non-qualifying strategies include: 
 Credit Contracts 
 Credit default swaps are used to purchase credit protection on an individual entity or referenced index to economically hedge against default risk and credit-related changes in the value of fixed maturity securities. Credit default swaps are also used to assume credit risk related to an individual entity or referenced index as a part of replication transactions. These contracts require the Company to pay or receive a periodic fee in exchange for compensation from the counterparty or the Company should the referenced security issuers experience a credit event, as defined in the contract. The Company also enters into credit default swaps to terminate existing credit default swaps, thereby offsetting the changes in value of the original swap going forward. 
 Interest Rate Swaps, Swaptions and Futures 
 The Company uses interest rate swaps and futures to manage interest rate duration between assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company enters into interest rate swaps to terminate existing swaps, thereby offsetting the changes in value of the original swap going forward. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the notional amount of interest rate swaps in offsetting relationships was billion and billion, respectively. 
 Foreign Currency Swaps and Forwards 
 The Company enters into foreign currency swaps to convert the foreign currency exposures of certain foreign currency-denominated fixed maturity investments to U.S. dollars. 
 Equity Index Options 
 The Company may enter into equity index options to hedge the impact of a decline in the equity markets on the investment portfolio. The Company has also previously entered into covered call options on equity securities to generate additional return. 
 Commodity Options 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company paid to purchase call option contracts on oil futures in order to partially offset potential changes in value related to certain fixed maturity securities that could arise if oil prices increased substantially. The option contracts were either terminated or were closed by entering into offsetting positions during the first quarter of 2022, resulting in a realized gain of . 

152 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 6 - Derivatives 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 The following fair value amounts do not include income 

accruals or related cash collateral receivables and payables, which are netted with derivative fair value amounts to determine balance sheet presentation. The Company s derivative instruments are held for risk management purposes, unless otherwise noted in the following table. The notional amount of derivative contracts represents the basis upon which pay or receive amounts are calculated and is presented in the table to quantify the volume of the Company s derivative activity. Notional amounts are not necessarily reflective of credit risk. 

Foreign currency swaps ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) Non-qualifying strategies Interest rate contracts Interest rate swaps and futures ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Foreign currency swaps and forwards Credit contracts Credit derivatives that purchase credit protection ) ) Credit derivatives in offsetting positions ) ) Total non-qualifying strategies ) ) ) ) Total cash flow hedges and non-qualifying strategies ) ) ) Balance Sheet Location Fixed maturities, available-for-sale Other investments ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total derivatives ) ) ) 
 . 
 Offsetting of Derivative Assets/Liabilities 
 The following tables present the gross fair value amounts, the amounts offset, and net position of derivative instruments eligible for offset in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Offsetting amounts include fair value amounts, income accruals and related cash collateral receivables and payables associated with derivative instruments that are traded under a common master netting agreement, as described in the preceding discussion. Also included in the tables are financial collateral receivables and payables, which are contractually permitted to be offset upon an event of default, although are disallowed for offsetting under U.S. GAAP. 

153 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 6 - Derivatives 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) Other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2021 Other investments ) Other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) 
 [1] Included in other investments in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 [2] Included in other liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and is limited to the net derivative payable associated with each counterparty. 
 [3] Included in other investments in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and is limited to the net derivative receivable associated with each counterparty. 
 [4] Excludes collateral associated with exchange-traded derivative instruments. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of OCI and reclassified into earnings in the 

same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. All components of each derivative s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 

Foreign currency swaps ) Total 
 
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Realized Gain/(Loss) Net Investment Income Interest Expense Net Realized Gain/(Loss) Net Investment Income Interest Expense Net Realized Gain/(Loss) Net Investment Income Interest Expense Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Foreign currency swaps ) Total ) ) ) ) Total amounts presented on the Consolidated Statement of Operations ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the before tax deferred net gains on derivative instruments recorded in AOCI that are expected to be reclassified to earnings during the next twelve months are . This expectation is based on the anticipated interest payments on hedged investments in fixed maturity securities and long-term debt that will occur over the next twelve months. Over that time, the Company will recognize the deferred net gains (losses) as an 

adjustment to net investment income or interest expense, as applicable, over the term of the hedged instrument cash flows. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company had net reclassifications from AOCI to earnings resulting from the discontinuance of cash-flow hedges due to forecasted transactions that were no longer probable of occurring. 

154 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 6 - Derivatives 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Interest rate contracts Interest rate swaps, swaptions and futures Credit contracts Credit derivatives that purchase credit protection Credit derivatives that assume credit risk Equity contracts Equity options ) Commodity contracts Commodity options Total [1] 
 [1] Excludes investments that contain an embedded credit derivative for which the Company has elected the fair value option. For further discussion, see the Fair Value Option section in Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Credit Risk Assumed through Credit Derivatives 
 The Company enters into credit default swaps that assume credit risk of a single entity or referenced index in order to synthetically replicate investment transactions that are permissible under the Company's investment policies. The Company will receive periodic payments based on an agreed upon rate and notional amount and will only make a payment if there is a credit event. A credit event payment will typically be 

equal to the notional value of the swap contract less the value of the referenced security issuer s debt obligation after the occurrence of the credit event. A credit event is generally defined as a default on contractually obligated interest or principal payments or bankruptcy of the referenced entity. The credit default swaps in which the Company assumes credit risk primarily reference investment grade single corporate issuers and baskets, which include standard diversified portfolios of CMBS issuers. 

155 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 6 - Derivatives 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) years CMBS Credit AAA Below investment grade risk exposure ) CMBS Credit B- Total ) As of December 31, 2021 Basket credit default swaps [4] Investment grade risk exposure years CMBS Credit AAA Below investment grade risk exposure ) CMBS Credit CCC Total [5] ) 
 [1] The average credit ratings are based on availability and are generally the midpoint of the available ratings among Moody s, S P, and Fitch. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. 
 [2] Notional amount is equal to the maximum potential future loss amount. These derivatives are governed by agreements and applicable law which include collateral posting requirements. There is no additional specific collateral related to these contracts or recourse provisions included in the contracts to offset losses. 
 [3] The Company has entered into offsetting credit default swaps to terminate certain existing credit default swaps, thereby offsetting the future changes in value of, or losses paid related to, the original swap. 
 [4] Comprised of swaps of standard market indices of diversified portfolios of CMBS issuers referenced through credit default swaps. These swaps are subsequently valued based upon the observable standard market index. 
 [5] Excludes investments that contain an embedded credit derivative for which the Company has elected the fair value option. For further discussion, see the Fair Value Option section in Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements. 
 Derivative Collateral Arrangements 
 and , respectively. In general, collateral receivable is recorded in other assets or other liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as determined by the Company's election to offset on the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company pledged securities collateral associated with derivative instruments with a fair value of and , respectively, which have been included in fixed maturities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The counterparties have the right to sell or re-pledge these securities. 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has pledged initial margin of cash related to OTC-cleared and exchange traded derivatives with a fair value of and , respectively, which is recorded in other investments or other assets on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has pledged initial margin of securities related to OTC-cleared and exchange traded derivatives with a fair value of and , respectively, which are included within fixed maturities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accepted cash collateral associated with derivative instruments of and , respectively, which was invested and recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in fixed maturities and short-term 

and , respectively, which the Company has the right to repledge or sell. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had repledged securities. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, non-cash collateral accepted was held in separate custodial accounts and was not included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

156 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 7 - Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Receivables for loss sensitive business, by credit quality: AA A BBB BB Below BB Total receivables for loss sensitive business Total Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances, Gross ACL ) ) Total Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances, Net of ACL 
 ACL on Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances 
 Premiums receivable and agents' balances, excluding receivables for loss sensitive business, are primarily comprised of premiums due from policyholders, which are typically collectible within one year or less. For these balances, the ACL is estimated based on an aging of receivables and recent historical credit loss and collection experience, adjusted for current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts, when appropriate. Balances are considered past due when amounts that have been billed are not collected within contractually stipulated time periods. 
 A portion of the Company's Commercial Lines business is written with large deductibles or under retrospectively-rated plans (referred to as "loss sensitive business"). Under some commercial insurance contracts with a large deductible, the Company is obligated to pay the claimant the full amount of the claim and the Company is subsequently reimbursed by the 

policyholder for the deductible amount. As such, the Company is subject to credit risk until reimbursement is made. Retrospectively-rated policies are utilized primarily for workers' compensation coverage, whereby the ultimate premium is adjusted based on actual losses incurred. Although the premium adjustment feature of a retrospectively-rated policy substantially reduces insurance risk for the Company, it presents credit risk to the Company. The Company s results of operations could be adversely affected if a significant portion of such policyholders failed to reimburse the Company for the deductible amount or the amount of additional premium owed under retrospectively-rated policies. The Company manages these credit risks through credit analysis, collateral requirements, and oversight. 
 The ACL for receivables for loss sensitive business is estimated as the amount of the receivable exposed to loss multiplied by estimated factors for probability of default and the amount of loss given a default. The probability of default is assigned based on each policyholder's credit rating, or a rating is estimated if no external rating is available. Credit ratings are reviewed and updated at least annually. The exposure amount is estimated net of collateral and other credit enhancement, considering the nature of the collateral, potential future changes in collateral values, and historical loss information for the type of collateral obtained. The probability of default factors are historical corporate defaults for receivables with similar durations estimated through multiple economic cycles. Credit ratings are forward-looking and consider a variety of economic outcomes. The loss given default factors are based on a study of historical recovery rates for general creditors through multiple economic cycles. The Company's evaluation of the required ACL for receivables for loss sensitive business considers the current economic environment as well as the probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios similar to the approach used for estimating the ACL for mortgage loans. See Note 5 - Investments. 
 The increase in ACL in 2022 reflected the provision required on premiums written in the year and recoveries, offset by write-offs. During 2021, the ACL on premiums receivable decreased as the provision required on premiums written during the year was more than offset by write-offs and a reduction in the provision, primarily reflecting lessening expected impacts of COVID-19 relative to prior assumptions in certain lines of business. In 2020, an increase in the ACL was due to the increasing impacts of COVID-19. 

157 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 7 - Premiums Receivable and Agents' Balances 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Cumulative effect of accounting change [1] ) ) ) Adjusted beginning ACL Current period provision (release) ) ) Current period gross write-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Current period gross recoveries Ending ACL 
 [1] Represents the adjustment to the ACL recorded on adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on January 1, 2020. The adjusted beginning ACL was based on the Company's historical loss information adjusted for current conditions and the forecasted economic environment at the time the guidance was adopted. For further information refer to Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 billion and the other covered substantially all reserve development of Navigators Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates for 2018 and prior accident years (the Navigators ADC) up to an aggregate limit of . As the Company has ceded all of the available limit, there is remaining limit available as of December 31, 2022 under the Navigators ADC. For more information on ADC agreements, see Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses. 
 Property and Casualty ceded losses, which reduce losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, were , and 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Group Benefits ceded losses, which reduce losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Reinsurance Recoverables 
 Reinsurance recoverables include balances due from reinsurance companies and are presented net of an allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. Reinsurance recoverables include an estimate of the amount of gross losses and loss adjustment expense reserves that may be ceded under the terms of the reinsurance agreements, including incurred but not reported unpaid losses. The Company s estimate of losses and loss adjustment expense reserves ceded to reinsurers is based on assumptions that are consistent with those used in establishing the gross reserves for amounts the Company owes to its claimants. The Company estimates its ceded reinsurance recoverables based on the terms of any applicable facultative and treaty reinsurance, including an estimate of how incurred but not reported losses will ultimately be ceded under reinsurance agreements. Accordingly, the Company s estimate of reinsurance recoverables is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimate of the gross reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. 

158 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 8 - Reinsurance 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 A+ A A- B++ Below B++ Total Rated by AM Best Mandatory (Assigned) and Voluntary Risk Pools Captives Other not rated companies Gross Reinsurance Recoverables Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net Reinsurance Recoverables 
 Balances are considered past due when amounts that have been billed are not collected within contractually stipulated time periods, generally 30, 60 or 90 days. To manage reinsurer credit risk, a reinsurance security review committee evaluates the credit standing, financial performance, management and operational quality of each potential reinsurer. In placing reinsurance, the Company considers the nature of the risk reinsured, including the expected liability payout duration, and establishes limits tiered by reinsurer credit rating. 
 Where its contracts permit, the Company secures future claim obligations with various forms of collateral or other credit enhancement, including irrevocable letters of credit, secured trusts, funds held accounts and group wide offsets. As part of its reinsurance recoverable review, the Company analyzes recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedants, recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedants and reinsurers and the overall credit quality of the Company s reinsurers. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainties as to collection and the length of time before reinsurance recoverables become due, it is possible that future adjustments to the Company s reinsurance recoverables, net of the allowance, could be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations or cash flows in a particular quarter or annual period. 
 The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance comprises an ACL and an allowance for disputed balances. The ACL is estimated as the amount of reinsurance recoverables exposed to loss multiplied by estimated factors for the probability of default and the amount of loss given a default. The probability of default is assigned based on each reinsurer's credit rating, or a rating is estimated if no external rating is available. Credit ratings are reviewed on a quarterly basis and any significant changes are reflected in an updated estimate. The probability of default factors are historical insurer and reinsurer defaults for liabilities 

with similar durations to the reinsured liabilities as estimated through multiple economic cycles. Credit ratings are forward-looking and consider a variety of economic outcomes. The loss given default factors are based on a study of historical recovery rates for general creditors of corporations through multiple economic cycles or, in the case of purchased annuities funding structured settlements accounted for as reinsurance, historical recovery rates for annuity contract holders. 
 As shown in the table above, a portion of the total gross reinsurance recoverable balance relates to the Company s participation in various mandatory (assigned) and voluntary risk pools. Reinsurance recoverables due from pools are backed by the financial position of all insurance companies participating in the pools and the credit backing the reinsurance recoverable is not limited to the financial strength of each pool. The mandatory pools generally are funded through policy assessments or surcharges and if any participant in the pool defaults, remaining liabilities are apportioned among the other members. 
 The Company's evaluation of the required ACL for reinsurance recoverables considers the current economic environment as well as macroeconomic scenarios similar to the approach used to estimate the ACL for mortgage loans. See Note 5 - Investments. Insurance companies, including reinsurers, are regulated and hold risk-based capital to mitigate the risk of loss due to economic factors and other risks. Non-U.S. reinsurers are either subject to a capital regime substantively equivalent to domestic insurers or we hold collateral to support collection of reinsurance recoverables. As a result, there is limited history of losses from insurer defaults. There were and in write-offs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that would impact the ACL. The decrease in the ACL in 2021 was primarily due to a higher than expected recovery from one reinsurer on which the Company had recognized an ACL. In 2020, the increase in the ACL includes the increasing impacts of COVID-19. 

159 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 8 - Reinsurance 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Beginning allowance for disputed amounts Beginning ACL Cumulative effect of accounting change [1] Adjusted beginning ACL Current period provision (release) ) ) Current period gross write-offs ) ) Current period gross recoveries Ending ACL Ending allowance for disputed amounts Ending allowance for uncollectible reinsurance 
 [1] Represents the adjustment to the ACL recorded on adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on January 1, 2020. For further information refer to Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net Premiums Earned Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net 
 Group Benefits Revenue 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Gross earned premiums, fees and other considerations Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net earned premiums, fees and other considerations 

160 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 9 - Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Deferred costs Amortization DAC ) ) ) Add back amortization of value of business acquired [1] DAC transferred to assets held for sale ) Balance, end of period 
 [1] While the value of in-force contracts acquired from the Navigators Group acquisition is included in other intangible assets, the amortization of that asset is recorded as DAC amortization. 
 
 Personal Lines Hartford Funds Group Benefits Corporate [1] Total 
 [1] The Corporate category includes goodwill that was acquired at a holding company level and not pushed down to a subsidiary within a reportable segment. Carrying value of goodwill within Corporate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes and for the Group Benefits and Hartford Funds reporting units, respectively. 
 The annual goodwill assessment for The Hartford's reporting units was completed as of October 31, 2022 and 2021; all reporting units passed their annual impairment test with a 

significant margin and as a result there were write-downs of goodwill. 

) ) Customer relationships ) ) Marketing agreement with Aetna ) ) Distribution Agreement ) ) Distribution and Agency relationships Other ) ) Total Finite Life Intangibles 
 ) ) Total Indefinite Life Intangible Assets Total Other Intangible Assets 
 ) ) 

161 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 10 - Goodwill Other Intangible Assets 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 

11. RESERVE FOR UNPAID LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES 
 | PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE PRODUCT RESERVES, NET OF REINSURANCE 
 Reinsurance and other recoverables Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 
 Provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 Current accident year Prior accident year development [1] ) Total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities [1] ) ) ) Payments 
 Current accident year ) ) ) Prior accident years ) ) ) Total payments 
 ) ) ) Net change in reserves transferred to liabilities held for sale ) Foreign currency adjustment ) Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 
 Reinsurance and other recoverables Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 
 
 [1] Prior accident year development does not include the benefit of a portion of losses ceded under the Navigators and A E ADC which, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, is deferred and is recognized over the period the ceded losses are recovered in cash from National Indemnity Company (" NICO "), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. For additional information regarding the two adverse development cover reinsurance agreements, refer to Adverse Development Covers discussion below. 
 162 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Amount of discount Carrying value of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Discount accretion included in losses and loss adjustment expenses Weighted average discount rate Range of discount rates - - - 
 Reserves are discounted at rates in effect at the time claims were incurred, ranging from for accident year 2020 to for accident year 1981. 
 The reserves recorded for the Company s property and casualty insurance products at December 31, 2022 represent the Company s best estimate of its ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses related to losses covered by policies written by the Company. However, because of the significant uncertainties surrounding reserves it is possible that management s estimate of the ultimate liabilities for these claims may change and that the required adjustment to recorded reserves could exceed the currently recorded reserves by an amount that could be material to the Company s results of operations or cash flows. 
 Losses and loss adjustment expenses are also impacted by trends including frequency and severity as well as changes in the legislative and regulatory environment. In the case of the reserves for asbestos exposures, factors contributing to the high degree of uncertainty in the ultimate settlement of the liabilities gross of reinsurance include inadequate loss development patterns, plaintiffs expanding theories of liability, the risks inherent in major litigation, and inconsistent emerging legal doctrines. In the case of the reserves for environmental exposures before reinsurance, factors contributing to the high degree of uncertainty in gross reserves include expanding theories of liabilities and damages, the risks inherent in major litigation, inconsistent decisions concerning the existence and scope of coverage for environmental claims, and uncertainty as to the monetary amount being sought by the claimant from the insured. 
 ) ) Workers compensation discount accretion General liability Marine Package business ) ) ) Commercial property ) ) ) Professional liability ) ) ) Bond ) ) ) Assumed reinsurance ) ) Automobile liability - Commercial Lines Automobile liability - Personal Lines ) ) ) Homeowners ) Net asbestos and environmental reserves ) Catastrophes ) ) ) Uncollectible reinsurance ) ) Other reserve re-estimates, net Prior accident year development, including full benefit for the ADC cession 
 ) ) ) Change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance included in other liabilities [1] Total prior accident year development ) 
 [1]The change in deferred gain for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included , and , respectively of adverse development on A E reserves in excess of ceded premium paid and included , and respectively, of adverse development on Navigators 2018 and prior accident year reserves ceded to NICO, primarily within professional liability, general liability and marine. 
 2022 re-estimates of prior accident year reserves 
 Workers compensation reserves were decreased for the 2014 through 2018 accident years, predominately within small commercial, and to a lesser extent in middle and large commercial, driven by lower than previously estimated claim 

163 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 reduction of COVID-19 related claims from 2020. 
 General liability reserves were increased, driven by an increase in the estimated cost to settle large individual claims in middle and large commercial for the 2016 to 2019 accident years, an increase in excess casualty and environmental in recent accident years, and increases in primary construction on older accident years, partially offset by a decrease in reserves for other mass torts. 
 Package business reserves decreased due to lower estimated severity and lower estimated loss adjustment expenses for accident years 2018 and prior, and a reduction in property reserves for the 2020 and 2021 accident years. 
 Commercial property reserves were decreased primarily due to favorable development for the 2020 accident year in middle large commercial related to COVID-19 claims. 
 Professional liability reserves were decreased primarily due to favorable development on directors and officers claims for the 2018 to 2020 accident years and on errors and omissions claims for the 2013 to 2017 accident years, partially offset by large losses related to 2018 and prior accident years for primary and excess directors and officers claims. 
 Bond reserves were decreased primarily in contract surety due to favorable development on older accident years. 
 Assumed reinsurance reserves were increased primarily due to higher reserve estimates for syndicate property claims, including higher expected COVID-19 property losses in the 2020 accident year and increased reserves for international agriculture related to drought claims. Also contributing were reserve increases for Latin America P C and specialty casualty business in recent accident years. 
 Automobile liability reserves were decreased in Personal Lines principally due to lower estimated severity on AARP Direct claims, primarily within accident years 2015 to 2020 and were increased in Commercial Lines principally due to a higher number of large claims in accident years 2017 to 2019, along with decreasing settlement rates and increasing attorney rep rates. 
 Catastrophe reserves were decreased in both Commercial and Personal Lines with the largest reduction related to 2019 and 2020 wind and hail events. 
 Asbestos and environmental reserves were reviewed in fourth quarter 2022 resulting in a increase in reserves before ADC reinsurance, including for asbestos and for environmental. The Company recognized a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, representing the amount of losses ceded to the ADC in excess of ceded premium paid. For additional information related to the adverse development cover with NICO, see the Adverse Development Covers section below and Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies. 
 Other reserve re-estimates, net, were increased primarily due to an increase in unallocated loss adjustment expense ("ULAE") reserves within P C Other Operations driven by an increase in gross asbestos and environmental reserves, as well as unfavorable development from participation in involuntary market pools, and increased automobile physical damage severity. 

2021 re-estimates of prior accident year reserves 
 Workers compensation reserves were decreased within small commercial and middle large commercial for the 2013 through 2018 accident years driven by lower than previously estimated claim severity. 
 General liability reserves were increased including an increase for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims above the amount of reserves previously recorded for this exposure, primarily to reflect an increase in reserves for claims made against the Boy Scouts of America ("BSA") as discussed further below, partially offset by reserve decreases for other mass torts and extra contractual liability claims. In addition, the Company recognized reserve increases on Navigators wholesale construction business for 2018 and prior accident years, largely included within the change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance in the above table. 
 Package business reserves decreased largely due to lower estimated loss adjustment expenses for accident years 2014 to 2018 and a reduction in estimated reserves for extra contractual liability claims. 
 Commercial property reserves were decreased primarily due to favorable development for the 2020 accident year in both middle large commercial and global specialty. 
 Professional liability reserves were decreased due to lower estimated severity in both large and middle market directors and officers D O insurance for older accident years. More than offsetting this favorable reserve development were reserve increases on legacy Navigators public company directors and officers insurance for 2019 and prior accident years, a portion of which is reflected within the change in deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance in the above table. 
 Bond reserves were reduced mostly due to favorable emergence on contract surety claims driven by higher than previously anticipated recoveries, largely for the 2016 to 2017 accident years. 
 Automobile liability reserves were decreased in Personal Lines principally due to lower estimated severity on AARP Direct and Agency claims, primarily within accident years 2017 to 2020, and a reduction in estimated reserves for extra contractual liability claims. 
 Catastrophes reserves were decreased in both Commercial and Personal Lines primarily driven by a reduction in reserves for 2018 and 2019 wind and hail events, lower estimated losses from 2018 and 2020 hurricanes, a reduction in estimated losses from the 2017 and 2018 California wildfires, including an expected recovery of subrogation from a utility related to the 2018 Woolsey wildfire in California, and a reduction in losses relating to the 2020 civil unrest. 
 Asbestos and environmental reserves were reviewed in fourth quarter 2021 resulting in a increase in reserves before ADC reinsurance, including for asbestos and for environmental. The Company recognized a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, representing the amount of losses ceded to the ADC in excess of ceded premium 

164 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 increase in reserves for sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims related to cases brought against religious and other organizations that were insureds of the Company, partly offset by a decrease in reserves for other mass torts and extra contractual liability claims. The sexual molestation and sexual abuse exposures may involve potentially long latency periods and may implicate coverage in multiple policy periods, which can raise complex coverage issues with significant effects on the ultimate scope of coverage. This increase in reserves reflects an increase in claim incidence largely due to reviver statutes, which is legislation passed in a number of states that provides an opportunity for claimants to file claims for a period of time despite the fact that the original statute of limitations had expired. The reserve increase in 2020 was principally from claims asserted against the Boy Scouts of America Boy Scouts ). 
 In addition, general liability reserve increases on construction account business were largely offset by decreases in ULAE reserves. Reserves were increased for guaranteed cost construction business for accident years 2014 to 2019 as incurred losses are developing higher than previously expected for premises and operations claims and product liability claims, partly due to a change in industry mix and a heavier concentration of losses in California than initially assumed, as well as increased reserves for middle market and complex liability claims for accident year 2018 largely due to higher than expected severity. Also contributing were increases in reserves on primary layer construction account business within global specialty, mainly related to accident years 2015 to 2017, which is included as a component of the change in deferred gain under retroactive reinsurance in the above table. 
 Marine reserves were increased principally due to an increase in domestic marine liability, mostly in accident years 2017 and 2018 due to a higher number of large losses. The increase in marine reserves is included as a component of the change in deferred gain under retroactive reinsurance in the above table . 

Package business reserves decreased for accident years 2014 to 2017 largely due to lower estimates of allocated loss adjustment expenses. 
 Commercial property reserves were decreased for accident year 2019 due to favorable developments on marine and middle market property claims. 
 Professional liability reserves were decreased primarily due to lower estimated severity on non-security class action D O claims and fewer than expected E O claims with financial institutions for the 2011 to 2018 accident years, partially offset by an increase in D O reserves for the 2019 accident year driven by higher frequency of class action lawsuits and an increase in large Syndicate D O losses for the 2016 and 2017 accident years. These Syndicate reserve increases within global specialty are included as a component of the change in deferred gain under retroactive reinsurance in the above table. 
 Bond reserves were reduced within contract surety driven by both favorable loss development on the 2015 to 2017 accident years and higher than expected loss recoveries on older accident years 
 Assumed reinsurance reserves were increased for accident year 2018 mostly due to higher accident and health reserve estimates for medical professionals on assumed casualty business. These reserve increases are included as a component of the change in deferred gain under retroactive reinsurance in the above table . 
 Automobile liability reserves were decreased in Personal Lines principally due to lower than previously expected AARP Direct automobile liability claim severity for the 2017 to 2019 accident years. Automobile liability reserves were increased in Commercial Lines primarily due to higher than expected large losses within middle large commercial, predominantly within the 2015 to 2019 accident years. 
 Catastrophes reserves were reduced, primarily due to a reduction in estimated reserves for 2017 and 2018 California wildfires and a reduction in estimated catastrophes for wind and hail events in the 2017 to 2019 accident years, partially offset by an increase in reserves for 2019 typhoons Hagibis and Faxai in Asia. The reduction in reserves for the 2017 and 2018 wildfires was largely due to recognizing a subrogation benefit in the second quarter of 2020 from PG E Corporation and Pacific Gas and Electric Company ("PG E") as well as a reduction in gross estimated losses on those wildfires. 
 In December, 2019, the judge overseeing the bankruptcy of PG E approved an 11 billion settlement of insurance subrogation claims to resolve all such claims arising from the 2017 Northern California wildfires and 2018 Camp wildfire. That settlement was contingent upon, among other things, the judge entering an order confirming PG E s chapter 11 bankruptcy plan PG E Plan incorporating the settlement agreement. On June 20, 2020, the bankruptcy court judge approved the PG E Plan and PG E subsequently transferred the 11 billion settlement amount to a trust designed to allocate and distribute the settlement among subrogation holders, including certain of the Company s insurance subsidiaries. In the second quarter of 2020, the Company recorded an estimated subrogation benefit though the ultimate amount it collects will depend on 

165 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 increase in reserves before ADC reinsurance, including for asbestos and for environmental. Of the increase in A E reserves, the Company ceded to the A E ADC resulting in a net reserve release of . Of the of adverse development ceded to the A E ADC, the Company recognized a deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance, representing the amount of losses ceded to the ADC in excess of ceded premium paid. For additional information related to the adverse development cover with NICO, see the Adverse Development Covers section below and Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies. 
 Other reserve re-estimates, net, primarily represents an increase in ULAE reserves in Property Casualty Other Operations that was largely driven by an increase in gross asbestos and environmental reserves. 
 Settlement Agreement with Boy Scouts of America 
 On September 14, 2021, the Company announced that it entered into a new agreement-in-principle with the BSA, related to sexual molestation and sexual abuse claims associated with liability policies issued by various Hartford writing companies in the 1970s and early 1980s, with the agreement in-principle including the BSA, its local councils and the representatives of a majority of the sexual abuse claimants. As part of the agreement-in-principle, The Hartford will pay , before tax, for claims associated with these policies. In exchange for The Hartford s payment, the BSA and its local councils will fully release The Hartford from any obligation under policies The Hartford issued to the BSA and its local councils. In addition, the representatives for the claimants joining this agreement-in-principle will support a plan of reorganization which incorporates the settlement. 
 The agreement-in-principle was reached in connection with the BSA s Chapter 11 bankruptcy and a written settlement agreement (the "Settlement") was executed on February 14, 2022. The Settlement will become final upon the occurrence of certain conditions, including, but not limited to, confirmation of the BSA s plan of reorganization by both the bankruptcy and district courts, receipt of executed releases from the local councils, and approval of the Settlement as part of the confirmation of the BSA's plan of reorganization by the bankruptcy and district courts. On September 8, 2022, the bankruptcy court approved the BSA's plan of reorganization, including the Settlement. The BSA's plan of reorganization is now before the civil district court for approval. Upon civil district court approval, the Company will pay the settlement amount of . However, no assurance can be given that all the conditions precedent to the Settlement will be satisfied or that final court approval, if obtained, will not be delayed for various procedural reasons. 

If the conditions precedent to the Settlement are not satisfied or the requisite court approvals for the BSA s plan of reorganization are not obtained, it is possible that adverse outcomes, if any, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated operating results. 
 Adverse Development Covers 
 The Company has an adverse development cover reinsurance agreement with NICO, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., to reinsure loss development after 2016 on substantially all of the Company s asbestos and environmental reserves (the A E ADC ). Under the A E ADC, the Company paid a reinsurance premium of for NICO to assume adverse net loss reserve development up to billion above the Company s existing net A E reserves as of December 31, 2016 of approximately billion including reserves for A E exposure for accident years prior to 1986 that are reported in Property Casualty Other Operations ("Run-off A E") and reserves for A E exposure for accident years 1986 and subsequent from policies underwritten prior to 2016 that are reported in ongoing Commercial Lines and Personal Lines. The reinsurance premium was placed into a collateral trust account as security for NICO s claim payment obligations to the Company. The Company has retained the risk of collection on amounts due from other third-party reinsurers and continues to be responsible for claims handling and other administrative services, subject to certain conditions. The A E ADC covers substantially all the Company s A E reserve development up to the reinsurance limit. 
 Under retroactive reinsurance accounting, net adverse A E reserve development after December 31, 2016 results in an offsetting reinsurance recoverable up to the billion limit. Cumulative ceded losses up to the reinsurance premium paid have been recognized as a dollar-for-dollar offset to direct losses incurred. Cumulative ceded losses exceeding the reinsurance premium paid result in a deferred gain. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred in cumulative adverse development on asbestos and environmental reserves that have been ceded under the A E ADC treaty with NICO with of available limit remaining under the A E ADC. As a result, the Company has recorded a deferred gain within other liabilities, representing the difference between the reinsurance recoverable of and ceded premium paid of . The deferred gain is recognized over the claim settlement period in the proportion of the amount of cumulative ceded losses collected from the reinsurer to the estimated ultimate reinsurance recoveries. Consequently, until periods when the deferred gain is recognized as a benefit to earnings, cumulative adverse development of asbestos and environmental claims will result in charges against earnings which may be significant. 
 Immediately after closing on the acquisition of Navigators Group, effective May 23, 2019, the Company purchased the Navigators ADC, an aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement covering adverse reserve development, from NICO on behalf of Navigators Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Navigators Insurers"). Under the Navigators ADC, the Navigators Insurers paid NICO a reinsurance premium of in exchange for reinsurance coverage of of adverse net loss reserve development that attaches above the Navigators Insurers' existing net loss 

166 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion for accidents and losses prior to December 31, 2018. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a reinsurance recoverable under the Navigators ADC of as estimated cumulative loss development on the 2018 and prior accident year reserves has exhausted the treaty limit. While the 

reinsurance recoverable is , the Company has recorded a cumulative deferred gain within other liabilities since, under retroactive reinsurance accounting, ceded losses in excess of the of ceded premium paid must be recognized as a deferred gain. Of the of cumulative ceded losses in excess of ceded premium paid, and were recognized as changes in deferred gain in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

) ) General liability ) Marine ) Package business ) Commercial property ) Commercial automobile liability ) Commercial automobile physical damage ) ) Professional liability ) Bond ) Assumed Reinsurance ) Personal automobile liability ) Personal automobile physical damage ) Homeowners ) Other ongoing business ) Asbestos and environmental [1] Other operations [1] Total P C ) ) 
 [1] Asbestos and environmental and other operations include asbestos, environmental and other latent exposures not foreseen when coverages were written, including, but not limited to, potential liability for pharmaceutical products, silica, talcum powder, head injuries, lead paint, construction defects, sexual molestation and sexual abuse and other long-tail liabilities. These reserve lines do not have significant paid or incurred loss development for the most recent ten accident years and therefore do not have loss development displayed in triangles. 
 The reserve lines in the above table and the loss triangles that follow represent the significant lines of business for which the Company regularly reviews the appropriateness of reserve levels. These reserve lines differ from the reserve lines reported on a statutory basis, as prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC"). The cumulative incurred losses displayed in the above table include the full reinsurance benefit of ceding of losses to the Navigators ADC even though of that benefit has been recorded as a deferred gain within other liabilities. The of Navigators Insurers losses ceded to the Navigators ADC and reflected in the following triangles include for professional liability, for general liability, for marine, for assumed reinsurance, for commercial automobile, for commercial property, and for bond. The triangles do not include of losses ceded to the Navigators ADC related to older accident years and lines of business not in the triangles. 

The following loss triangles present historical loss development for incurred and paid claims by accident year, including loss development on Navigators Insurers reserves prior to and after the May 23, 2019 acquisition date. Because the loss triangles include pre-acquisition date changes in ultimate incurred loss estimates for Navigators Insurers reserves, changes in reserve development evident in the incurred loss triangles may differ from prior accident year development recorded by the Company as shown in the (Favorable) Unfavorable Prior Accident Year Development table above as that only includes changes in Navigators Insurers reserves post acquisition. In addition, the incurred loss triangles include reserve development on both catastrophe and non-catastrophe claims whereas the (Favorable) Unfavorable Prior Accident Year Development table above shows the total amount of catastrophe reserve development across all lines of business on a single line. 

167 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 168 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 169 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) 2014 2015 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 [1] Contributing to the negative IBNR reserves for some accident years is a lag in the timing of expected reinsurance recoveries under the Navigators ADC with NICO. Recoveries from NICO will not be collected until the Company has cumulative loss payments for all covered lines of more than the attachment point. 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 170 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 171 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 ) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 ) 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 172 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expense, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31 (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 173 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 174 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Claims Made Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 175 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 176 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 ) 2015 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 [1] Contributing to the negative IBNR reserves for some accident years is a lag in the timing of expected reinsurance recoveries under the Navigators ADC with NICO. Recoveries from NICO will not be collected until the Company has cumulative loss payments for all covered lines of more than the attachment point. 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 177 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 178 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2021 2022 ) Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 179 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 ) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 Property and casualty reserves, including IBNR 
 The Company estimates ultimate losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses by accident year. IBNR represents the excess of estimated ultimate loss reserves over case reserves. The process to estimate ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses is an integral part of the Company's reserve setting. Reserves for allocated and unallocated loss adjustment expenses are generally established separate from the reserves for losses. 
 Reserves for losses are set by line of business within the reporting segments. Case reserves are established by a claims handler on each individual claim and are adjusted as new information becomes known during the course of handling the claim. Lines of business for which reported losses emerge over a long period of time are referred to as long-tail lines of 

business. Lines of business for which reported losses emerge more quickly are referred to as short-tail lines of business. The Company s shortest tail lines of business are homeowners, commercial property and automobile physical damage. The longest tail lines of business include workers compensation, general liability and professional liability. For short-tail lines of business, emergence of paid loss and case reserves is credible and likely indicative of ultimate losses. For long-tail lines of business, emergence of paid losses and case reserves is less credible in the early periods after a given accident year and, accordingly, may not be indicative of ultimate losses. 
 The Company s reserving actuaries regularly review reserves for both current and prior accident years using the most current claim data. A variety of actuarial methods and judgments are used for most lines of business to arrive at selections of 

180 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

181 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

General liability Marine Package business Commercial property Commercial automobile liability Commercial automobile physical damage Professional liability Bond Assumed Reinsurance Personal automobile liability Personal automobile physical damage Homeowners [1]Negative percentages are generally due to salvage, subrogation or other recoveries. 
 
 | GROUP LIFE, DISABILITY AND ACCIDENT PRODUCTS 
 Reinsurance recoverables [1] Beginning liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 
 Provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 Current incurral year Prior year's discount accretion Prior incurral year development [2] ) ) ) Total provision for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses [3] Payments 
 Current incurral year ) ) ) Prior incurral years ) ) ) Total payments 
 ) ) ) Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net 
 Reinsurance recoverables Ending liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, gross 
 
 [1] Includes a cumulative effect adjustment of ) in 2020 representing an adjustment to the ACL recorded on adoption of accounting guidance for credit losses on January 1, 2020. See Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. 
 [2] Prior incurral year development represents the change in estimated ultimate incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses for prior incurral years on a discounted basis. 
 [3] Includes unallocated loss adjustment expenses of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that are recorded in insurance operating costs and other expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 182 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Amount of discount ) ) ) Carrying value of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Weighted average discount rate Range of discount rate - - - 
 Reserves are discounted at rates in effect at the time claims were incurred, ranging from for life and disability reserves acquired from Aetna based on interest rates in effect at the acquisition date of November 1, 2017, to f or the Company s pre-acquisition reserves for incurral year 1990, and vary by product . Prior year's discount accretion has been calculated as the average reserve balance for the year times the weighted average discount rate. 
 2022 re-estimates of prior incurral year reserves 
 Group disability- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately largely driven by group long-term disability claim incidence lower than prior assumptions, strong recoveries on prior incurral year claims and higher estimated claim termination rates. 
 Group life and accident (including group life premium waiver)- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately largely driven by continued low incidence in group life premium waiver as well as a reduction in estimated excess mortality losses incurred in fourth quarter 2021. 
 Supplemental Accident Health- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately driven by lower-than-previously expected claim incidence. 
 2021 re-estimates of prior incurral year reserves 
 Group disability- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately largely driven by group long-term disability claim incidence lower than prior assumptions together with strong recoveries on prior incurral year claims, and by a New York Paid Family Leave risk adjustment benefit. 

Group life and accident (including group life premium waiver)- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately largely driven by lower-than-previously expected claim incidence in both group life premium waiver and group accidental death and dismemberment. 
 Supplemental Accident Health- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately driven by lower-than-previously expected claim incidence during the pandemic. 
 2020 re-estimates of prior incurral year reserves 
 Group disability- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately largely driven by group long-term disability lower claim incidence and higher recoveries on prior incurral year claims, and a New York Paid Family Leave risk adjustment benefit. 
 Group life and accident (including group life premium waiver)- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately largely driven by lower-than-previously expected claim incidence in group life premium waiver. 
 Supplemental Accident Health- Prior period reserve estimates decreased by approximately driven by lower-than-expected emergence of prior year claims, especially for voluntary critical Illness and voluntary accident products. 

183 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

) ) Group life and accident, excluding premium waiver ) ) Group short-term disability Group life premium waiver ) Group supplemental health Total Group Benefits ) ) 
 The following loss triangles present historical loss development for incurred and paid claims by the year the insured claim occurred, referred to as the incurral year. Triangles are limited to the number of years for which claims incurred typically remain outstanding, not exceeding ten years. Short-tail lines, which represent claims generally expected to be paid within a few years, have three years of claim development displayed. 

Changes in reserve development evident in the incurred loss triangles differ from prior accident year development recorded by the Company as shown in the reserve rollforward above as the triangles are presented on an undiscounted basis and exclude ULAE. 

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 184 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Losses Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the years ended December 31, (Unaudited) Incurral Year 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 Total 

Group life, disability and accident reserves, including IBNR 
 The majority of Group Benefits reserves are for long-term disability ("LTD") claimants who are known to be disabled and are currently receiving benefits. A Disabled Life Reserve ("DLR") is calculated for each LTD claim. The DLR for each claim is the expected present value of all estimated future benefit payments and includes estimates of claim recovery, investment yield, and offsets from other income, including offsets from Social Security benefits and workers compensation. Estimated future benefit payments represent the monthly income benefit that is paid until recovery, death or expiration of benefits. Claim recoveries are estimated based on claim characteristics such as age and diagnosis and represent an estimate of benefits that will terminate, generally as a result of the claimant returning to work or being deemed able to return to work. The DLR also includes a liability for payments to claimants who have not yet been approved for LTD. In these cases, the present value of future benefits is reduced for the likelihood of claim denial based on Company experience. For claims recently closed due to recovery, a portion of the DLR is retained for the possibility that the claim reopens upon further evidence of disability. In addition, a reserve for estimated unpaid claim expenses is included in the DLR. 
 For incurral years with IBNR claims, estimates of ultimate losses are made by applying completion factors to the dollar amount of claims reported or expected depending on the market segment. IBNR represents estimated ultimate losses less both DLR and cumulative paid amounts for all reported claims. Completion factors are derived using standard actuarial techniques using triangles that display historical claim count emergence by incurral month. These estimates are reviewed for reasonableness and are adjusted for current trends and other factors expected to cause a change in claim emergence. The IBNR includes an estimate of unpaid claim expenses, including a provision for the cost of initial set-up of the claim once reported. 

185 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 11 - Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Group life and accident, excluding premium waiver 
 
 Incurred Paid ) ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses ) ) Ending liability balance Ending reinsurance recoverable asset 
 [1] Reserve for future policy benefits includes paid-up life insurance and whole-life policies resulting from conversion from group life policies included within the Group Benefits segment and reserves for run-off structured settlement and terminal funding agreement liabilities, which are in the Corporate category. 
 
 186 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 13 - Debt 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Senior Notes and Debentures Notes, due 2029 
 Notes, due 2036 
 Notes, due 2040 
 Notes, due 2041 
 Notes, due 2042 
 Notes, due 2043 
 Notes, due 2048 
 Notes, due 2049 
 Notes, due 2051 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures Notes, due 2042 
 3 Month LIBOR + Notes, due 2067 [1] 
 Total Notes and Debentures Unamortized discount and debt issuance cost [2] ) ) Total Debt Less: Current maturities Long-Term Debt 
 [1] In April 2017, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement expiring to effectively convert the variable interest payments for this debenture into fixed interest payments of approximately . 
 [2] This amount includes unamortized discount of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on the 6.1 Notes, due 2041. 
 The effective interest rate on the 6.1 senior notes due 2041 is . The effective interest rate on the remaining notes does not differ materially from the stated rate. 
 Shelf Registrations 
 On February 22, 2022, the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission an automatic shelf registration statement (Registration No. 333-262879) for the potential offering and sale of debt and equity securities. The registration statement allows for the following types of securities to be offered: debt securities, junior subordinated debt securities, guarantees, preferred stock, common stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts, and stock purchase units. In that The Hartford is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, the registration statement went effective immediately upon filing and The Hartford may offer and sell an unlimited amount of securities under the registration statement during the -year life of the registration statement. 

Senior Notes 
 On September 21, 2021, The Hartford issued of 2.9 senior notes 2.9 Notes due September 15, 2051 for net proceeds of approximately , after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses from the offering. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, commencing March 15, 2022. The Hartford, at its option, can redeem the 2.9 Notes at any time, in whole or part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of of the principal amount being redeemed or a make-whole amount based on a comparable maturity US Treasury plus basis points, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, except the 2.9 Notes may be redeemed at par within six months of maturity. 
 On March 30, 2020, The Hartford repaid at maturity the principal amount of its senior notes. 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 Interest Rate [1] 3 Month LIBOR + 
 [2] Call Date [3] Final Maturity 
 [1] Payable quarterly in arrears. 
 [2] Debentures were issued on the original call date of February 15, 2017. The interest rate is variable and resets quarterly. In April 2017, the company entered into an interest rate swap agreement expiring to effectively convert the interest payments for the 3 Month LIBOR + 2.125 debenture into fixed interest payments of approximately . 
 [3] Although the original call date was February 15, 2017, a Replacement Capital Covenant associated with the debenture prohibits the Company from redeeming all or any portion of the notes on or prior to February 15, 2022, unless consent from covered bondholders is obtained. 
 On April 15, 2022, The Hartford redeemed at par aggregate principal amount of its junior subordinated debentures due 2042 and recognized, in insurance operating costs and other expenses, a loss on extinguishment of debt of , before tax, for unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 The 3 Month LIBOR plus 2.125 debentures are unsecured, subordinated and junior in right of payment and upon liquidation to all of the Company s existing and future senior indebtedness. In addition, the debentures are effectively subordinated to all of the Company s subsidiaries existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including obligations to policyholders. The debentures do not limit the Company s or the Company s subsidiaries ability to incur additional debt, including debt that ranks senior in right of payment and upon liquidation to the debentures. 

187 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 13 - Debt 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

The Company may elect to redeem the 3 Month LIBOR plus 2.125 debentures in whole or in part on or after the call date for the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. 
 In connection with the offering of the 3 Month LIBOR plus 2.125 debenture, the Company entered into a Replacement Capital Covenant ("RCC") for the benefit of holders of one or more designated series of the Company's indebtedness, initially the Company's 4.3 notes due 2043. Under the terms of the RCC, if the Company redeems the debenture any time prior to February 12, 2047 (or such earlier date on which the RCC terminates by its terms) it can only do so with the proceeds from the sale of certain qualifying replacement securities. 
 The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") announced that publication of U.S. dollar LIBOR on a representative basis would cease immediately after June 30, 2023. The Company continues to monitor the potential impacts of the discontinuation of LIBOR, which is used as a benchmark or reference rate for certain investments and derivatives the Company owns, and floating rate debt the Company has issued. Uncertainties and risks relating to the transition from LIBOR have been reduced by the federal Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, which addresses replacement of LIBOR in certain contracts governed by U.S. law (including the law of any U.S. state), including the 3 Month LIBOR plus 2.125 debenture. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Revolving Credit Facility 

As of December 31, 2022, borrowings were outstanding, letters of credit were issued under the 2022 Credit Facility and the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 Lloyd's Letter of Credit Facilities 
 On November 5, 2020, The Hartford entered into a committed credit facility agreement with a syndicate of lenders (the Club Facility ). The Club Facility had two tranches with one tranche extending a commitment and the other tranche extending a million as of December 31, 2021) commitment. In addition, on November 5, 2020, The Hartford entered into a non-committed credit facility with a lender (the Bilateral Facility ). The term of both of these facilities was two years. The purpose of these facilities was to issue letters of credit that may be treated as Funds at Lloyd s to support underwriting capacity provided by the Navigators Corporate Underwriters Limited to the Lloyd s Syndicate 1221 for the 2021 and 2022 underwriting years of account (and prior open years). As of December 31, 2021, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of and million, or , were outstanding under the Club Facility and letters of credit were outstanding under the Bilateral Facility. 
 On November 1, 2022, The Hartford amended and restated its Club Facility agreement. The Club Facility has two tranches, with one tranche extending a commitment and the other tranche extending a million as of December 31, 2022) commitment. The term of the facility is two years. The purpose of this facility is to issue letters of credit that may be treated as Funds at Lloyd s to support underwriting capacity provided by the Navigators Corporate Underwriters Limited to the Lloyd s Syndicate 1221 for the 2023 and 2024 underwriting years of account (and prior open years). As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of and million, or , were outstanding under the Club Facility. The Bilateral Facility agreement terminated on November 5, 2022. 
 Among other covenants, the Club Facility contains financial covenants regarding The Hartford s consolidated net worth and financial leverage and that limit the amount of letters of credit that can support Funds at Lloyd s, consistent with Lloyd s requirements. As of December 31, 2022, The Hartford was in compliance with all financial covenants of the facility. 
 Collateralized Advances with Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston 
 The Company s subsidiaries, Hartford Fire Insurance Company Hartford Fire and Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company ("HLA"), are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston ("FHLBB"). Membership allows these subsidiaries access to collateralized advances, which may be short- or long-term with fixed or variable rates. FHLBB 

188 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 13 - Debt 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

billion and billion in qualifying assets, respectively, without prior approval, to secure FHLBB advances in 2023. The pledge limit is determined quarterly based on statutory admitted assets and capital and surplus of Hartford Fire and HLA, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were advances outstanding under the FHLBB facility. 

Litigation 

189 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

190 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 of net asbestos and environmental reserves, including the benefit of losses ceded to the A E ADC. In addition, the Company has recorded a deferred gain within other liabilities for losses economically ceded to NICO but for which the benefit is not recognized in earnings until later periods. While the Company believes that its current run-off A E reserves are appropriate, significant uncertainties limit our ability to estimate the ultimate reserves necessary for unpaid losses and related expenses. The ultimate liabilities, thus, could exceed the currently recorded reserves, and any such additional liability, while not reasonably estimable now, could be material to The Hartford's consolidated operating results or liquidity. 
 billion above the Company s existing net A E reserves as of December 31, 2016 of approximately billion. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred in cumulative adverse development on A E reserves that have been ceded under the A E ADC treaty with NICO, leaving of coverage available for future adverse net reserve development, if any. Cumulative adverse development of A E claims for accident years 2016 and prior could ultimately exceed the billion treaty limit in which case any adverse development in excess of the treaty limit would be absorbed as a charge to earnings by the Company. In these scenarios, the effect of these charges could be material to the Company s consolidated operating results or liquidity. For more information on the A E ADC, refer to Note 11, Reserve for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses . 
 
 billion, of which billion is primarily committed to fund limited partnerships and other alternative investments, which may be called by the partnership during the commitment period to fund the purchase of new investments and partnership expenses. The funding of purchase investments in limited partnerships and other alternative investments are at the discretion of the general partner or manager and may be called at any time. Additionally, of the outstanding commitments relate to various funding 

relate to mortgage loans. Of the billion in total outstanding commitments, are related to mortgage loan commitments which the Company can cancel unconditionally. 
 
 or percent of the premiums written per year depending on the state. Some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through surcharges on policyholders or through full or partial premium tax offsets, while other states permit recovery of assessments through the rate filing process. 
 Liabilities for guaranty fund and other insurance-related assessments are accrued when an assessment is probable, when it can be reasonably estimated, and when the event obligating the Company to pay an imposed or probable assessment has occurred. Liabilities for guaranty funds and other insurance-related assessments are not discounted and are included as part of other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the liability balance was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and of premium tax offsets related to guaranty fund or other insurance-related assessments. 
 
 for which the legal entities have posted collateral of in the normal course of business. Based on derivative contractual terms as of December 31, 2022, a downgrade of the current financial strength ratings by either Moody's or S P would not require additional assets to be posted as collateral. This requirement could change as a result of changes in our hedging activities or to the extent changes in 

191 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

. For further information refer to Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. 
 The LCL for Talcott Guarantees is calculated for the estimated amount payable under guaranteed contracts multiplied by the probability of default and the amount of loss given a default. The probability of default is assigned by credit rating of the applicable insurance company that issued the contract and is based on historical insurance industry defaults for liabilities with similar durations estimated through multiple economic cycles. Credit ratings are current and forward-looking and consider a variety of economic outcomes. Because annuities represent the majority of the contracts issued, the loss given default factors are based on a historical study of annuity policyholder recoveries from insolvent estate assets. The Company's exposure is expected to run off over a period that will include more than one economic cycle. 
 The Company's evaluation of the required LCL for the Talcott Guarantees considers the current economic environment as well as macroeconomic scenarios similar to the approach used to estimate the ACL for mortgage loans. See Note 5 - Investments. In 2020, the LCL increased to primarily due to the increasing impacts of COVID-19. In 2021, the LCL decreased to primarily reflecting a decrease in the estimated amount payable under guaranteed contracts as well as lessening expected impacts of COVID-19 relative to prior assumptions. During 2022, the LCL decreased to primarily reflecting a decrease in the estimated amount payable under guaranteed contracts. The Company has never experienced a loss on financial guarantees similar to the Talcott Guarantees and we believe the risk of loss is remote. 

billion effective from August 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has billion remaining for equity repurchases under this share repurchase program. 
 The Hartford's billion equity repurchase program authorized by its Board of Directors in December 2020, expired on December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased billion million shares) and billion million shares), respectively, of common stock under these repurchase programs. During the period from January 1, 2023 through February 23, 2023, the Company repurchased million shares) under these repurchase programs. 
 The timing of any repurchases of shares under the remaining equity repurchase authorization is dependent upon several factors, including the market price of the Company's securities, the Company's capital position, consideration of the effect of any repurchases on the Company's financial strength or credit ratings, the Company's blackout periods, and other considerations. 

Under The Hartford s previous billion share repurchase program authorized by its Board of Directors in February 2019 and which expired on December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased million shares for during the year ended 2020. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company has outstanding million depositary shares each representing 1/1000th interest in a share of the Company s 6.0 Series G non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (equivalent to per depositary share). The Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. Dividends are recorded when declared. Dividends are payable, if declared, quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of February, May, August and November of each year. If a dividend is not declared and paid or made payable on all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock for the latest completed dividend period, dividends may be paid or declared on The Hartford s common stock and The Hartford may not purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire its common stock. 
 The Preferred Stock is redeemable at the Company s option in whole or in part, on or after at a redemption price of per share, plus unpaid dividends attributable to 

192 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 15 - Equity 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 days of the occurrence of (a) a rating agency event at a redemption price equal to per share, plus unpaid dividends attributable to the current dividend period in circumstances where a rating agency changes its criteria used to assign equity credit to securities like the Preferred Stock; or (b) a regulatory capital event at a redemption price equal to per share, plus unpaid dividends attributable to the current dividend period in circumstances where a capital regulator such as a state insurance regulator changes or proposes to change capital adequacy rules. 
 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Subsidiaries Total 
 U.S. Statutory Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Group Benefits Insurance Subsidiary Property and Casualty Insurance Subsidiaries Total 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The Company's U.S. insurance companies' states of domicile impose risk-based capital ("RBC") requirements. The requirements provide a means of measuring the minimum 

Dividend Restrictions 
 Dividends to HFSG Holding Company from its insurance subsidiaries are restricted by insurance regulation. The Company s principal insurance subsidiaries are domiciled in the United States and the United Kingdom. 
 The payment of dividends by Connecticut-domiciled insurers is limited under the insurance holding company laws of Connecticut. These laws require notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of any dividend, which, together with other dividends or distributions made within the preceding twelve months, exceeds the greater of (i) of the insurer s statutory policyholder surplus as of December 31 of the preceding year or (ii) net income (or net gain from operations, if such company is a life insurance company) for the preceding year, in each case determined under statutory insurance accounting principles. In addition, if any dividend of a Connecticut-domiciled insurer exceeds the insurer s earned surplus, it requires the prior approval of the Connecticut Insurance Commissioner. 
 Property casualty insurers domiciled in New York, including Navigators Insurance Company ("NIC") and Navigators Specialty Insurance Company ("NSIC"), generally may not, without notice to and approval by the state insurance commissioner, pay dividends out of earned surplus in any twelve month period that exceeds the lesser of (i) 10 of the insurer s statutory policyholders surplus as of the most recent financial statement on file, or (ii) 100 of its adjusted net investment income, as defined, for the same twelve month period. 
 Corporate members of Lloyd's Syndicates may pay dividends to its parent to the extent of available profits that have been distributed from the syndicate in excess of the Funds at Lloyd's ("FAL") capital requirement and subject to restrictions imposed under UK Company Law. The FAL is determined based on the syndicate s solvency capital requirement of the syndicate under the Solvency II capital adequacy model, the current regulatory framework governing UK domiciled insurers, plus a Lloyd s specific economic capital assessment. Insurers domiciled in the United Kingdom may pay dividends to its parent out of its statutory profits subject to restrictions imposed under U.K. Company law and Solvency II. 
 The insurance holding company laws of the other jurisdictions in which The Hartford s insurance subsidiaries are incorporated (or deemed commercially domiciled) generally contain similar (although in certain instances more restrictive) limitations on the 

193 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 15 - Equity 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 of dividends from HLA and from Hartford Funds. In addition, HFSG Holding Company received billion of net dividends from P C subsidiaries in 2022 which excludes of P C dividends that were subsequently contributed to P C subsidiaries and of P C dividends related to interest payments on an intercompany note owed by Hartford Holding Inc. ("HHI") to Hartford Fire Insurance Company. 
 The Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have regulatory dividend capacity of billion for 2023, and expects available net dividends to the HFSG Holding Company of billion after considering state deposit and regulatory 

billion of net dividends from the Company's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries in 2023. 
 HLA has regulatory dividend capacity of in 2023 with approximately of dividends expected in 2023. 
 
 Restricted Net Assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's insurance subsidiaries had net assets of billion, determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, that were restricted from payment to the HFSG Holding Company, without prior regulatory approval. 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and income (losses) from foreign operations of , ) and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Foreign ) Total current Deferred - U.S. federal ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total income tax expense 

Nontaxable net investment income ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Deferred Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets represent the tax consequences of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. 
 The Company predominantly pays non-income state taxes as a percentage of premiums written which are accounted for as policy acquisition costs. State income taxes were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in other expenses. The Hartford has not recorded state deferred taxes, including net deferred tax assets from state operating loss carryforwards, because the Company does not expect to earn state taxable income to utilize such state tax benefits. 

194 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 16 - Income Taxes 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Unearned premium reserve and other underwriting related reserves Investment-related items Employee benefits Net unrealized losses on investments Net operating loss carryover Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Deferred acquisition costs ) ) Investment-related items ) Net unrealized gains on investments ) Other depreciable and amortizable assets ) ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a deferred tax asset for foreign net operating losses of partially offset by a valuation allowance of . While the foreign net operating losses ("NOLs") do not expire, this assessment reflects uncertainty in the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the near term in those specific jurisdictions. 
 Management has assessed the need for a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets based on tax character and jurisdiction. In making the assessment, management considered future taxable temporary difference reversals, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences, the ability to hold assets to recovery, and carryovers, taxable income in open carry back years and other tax planning strategies which management views as prudent and feasible. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Gross increases - tax positions in current period Lapse of statute of limitations ) Balance, end of period 

The entire amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate in the period of the release. In 2021, the Company recognized of its previously unrecognized tax benefits associated with dividends from segregated asset accounts of the life and annuity business sold in 2018. This liability was subject to a tax indemnification agreement and a corresponding receivable included in other assets has been taken down upon lapse of the statute of limitations. 
 Other Tax Matters 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA which is generally effective for years beginning after December 31, 2022. Notably, the bill created a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on corporations with three-year average financial statement income over 1 billion. The Internal Revenue Service has issued limited preliminary guidance. The Company has made certain interpretations and assumptions to comply with the CAMT. While the Company's financial statement income is over 1 billion, it is not expected the Company would have a CAMT liability. If CAMT is paid in the future, the amount would be indefinitely available as a credit carryforward that would reduce tax in future years and would be treated as a temporary item reflected within deferred taxes. 
 The federal income tax audits for the Company have been completed through 2013, and the Company is not currently under federal income tax examination for any open years. The statute of limitations is closed through the 2018 tax year with the exception of NOL carryforwards utilized in open tax years. Management believes that adequate provision has been made in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for any potential adjustments that may result from tax examinations and other tax-related matters for all open tax years. 
 The Company classifies interest and penalties (if applicable) as income tax expense in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company recognized net interest expense of in the year ended December 31, 2022 and net interest income of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company does not believe it would be subject to any penalties in any open tax years and, therefore, has not recorded any accrual for penalties. 

195 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 17 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) OCI, before tax ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) OCI, net of tax ) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) Changes in AOCI, Net of Tax for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Changes in Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Fixed Maturities, AFS Unrealized Loss on Fixed Maturities with ACL Net Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedging Instruments Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Pension and Other Postretirement Plan Adjustments AOCI, 
 net of tax 
 Beginning balance ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) OCI, before tax ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) OCI, net of tax ) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 Changes in AOCI, Net of Tax for the Year ended December 31, 2020 
 Changes in Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Fixed Maturities, AFS Unrealized Loss on Fixed Maturities with ACL Net Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedging Instruments Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Pension and Other Postretirement Plan Adjustments AOCI, 
 net of tax 
 Beginning balance ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) OCI, before tax ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) OCI, net of tax ) Ending balance ) ) 
 
 196 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 17 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) Net realized gains (losses) ) Total before tax ) Income tax expense ) Net income Net Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedging Instruments Interest rate swaps Net investment income Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Interest expense Foreign currency swaps ) Net realized gains (losses) Foreign currency swaps Net investment income Total before tax Income tax expense Net income Pension and Other Postretirement Plan Adjustments Amortization of prior service credit Insurance operating costs and other expenses Amortization of actuarial loss ) ) ) Insurance operating costs and other expenses ) ) ) Total before tax ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Total amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net income 
 
 in a fund consisting largely of common stock of The Hartford. The Company's contributions include a non-elective contribution of of eligible compensation and a dollar-for-dollar matching contribution of up to of eligible compensation contributed by the employee each pay period. The Company also maintains a non-qualified savings plan, The Hartford Excess Savings Plan, with the dollar-for-dollar matching contributions related to employee compensation in excess of the amount of eligible compensation that can be contributed under the tax-qualified Investment and Savings Plan. An employee's eligible compensation includes overtime and bonuses but for the Investment and Savings Plan and Excess Savings Plan combined, is limited to annually. The total cost to The Hartford for these plans was approximately 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Additionally, The Hartford has established defined contribution pension plans for certain employees of the Company s international subsidiaries. The cost to The Hartford for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for these plans was immaterial. 
 Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plan - The Company maintains The Hartford Retirement Plan for U.S. Employees, a U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan U.S. Pension Plan that covers substantially all U.S. employees hired prior to January 1, 2013. The Company also maintains non-qualified pension plans to provide retirement benefits previously accrued that are in excess of Internal Revenue Code limitations, as well as a Canadian defined benefit pension plan. Together, the non- 

197 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 The Hartford Excess Pension Plan I and The Hartford Excess Pension Plan II, the Company's non-qualified excess pension benefit plans for certain highly compensated employees, are also frozen. 
 Group Retiree Health Plan - The Company provides certain health care and life insurance benefits for eligible retired employees. The Company s contribution for health care benefits are a function of the retiree s date of retirement and years of service. In addition, the plan has a defined dollar cap for certain retirees which limits average Company contributions. The Hartford has prefunded a portion of the health care obligations where such prefunding can be accomplished on a tax effective basis. Beginning January 1, 2017, for retirees 65 and older who were participating in the Retiree PPO Medical Plan, the Company funds the cost of medical and dental health care benefits through contributions to a Health Reimbursement Account and covered individuals can access a variety of insurance plans from a health care exchange. Effective January 1, 2002, Company-subsidized retiree medical, retiree dental and retiree life insurance benefits were eliminated for employees with original hire dates with the Company on or after January 1, 2002. The Company also amended its postretirement medical, dental and life insurance coverage plans to no longer provide subsidized coverage for employees who retired on or after January 1, 2014. 
 Assumptions 
 Pursuant to accounting principles related to the Company s pension and other postretirement obligations to employees under its various benefit plans, the Company is required to make a significant number of assumptions in order to calculate the related liabilities and expenses each period. The two 

economic assumptions that have the most impact on pension and other postretirement expense under the defined benefit pension plans and group retiree health plan are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The yield curve used to determine the discount rate is based on high-quality fixed income investments consistent with the highest yields grouped by duration. Based on all available market and industry information, it was determined that and were the appropriate discount rates as of December 31, 2022 to calculate the Company s U.S. Pension Plan and other postretirement obligations, respectively. 
 The expected long-term rate of return considers the actual compound rates of return earned over various historical time periods. The Company also considers the plan's funded status, the investment volatility, duration and total returns for various time periods related to the characteristics of the pension obligation, which are influenced by the Company's workforce demographics. For the pension plan, the Company has assumed an allocation of approximately in fixed income securities and in non-fixed income securities (global equities, hedge funds and private market alternatives) in its assumed expected long-term rate of return for the year ended December 31, 2022, whereas the Company anticipated an allocation of in fixed income securities and in non-fixed income securities to derive an expected long-term rate of return for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the other postretirement plans, the Company has assumed an allocation of approximately in fixed income securities and in non-fixed income securities in its assumptions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Based upon these analyses, management determined the long-term rate of return assumption to be and for the Company's U.S. Pension Plan and other postretirement obligations, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and and for the Company's U.S. Pension Plan and other postretirement obligations, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. To determine the Company's 2023 expense, the Company has assumed an allocation of in fixed income securities and in non-fixed income securities for the pension plan and an allocation of in fixed income securities for the postretirement plans, contributing to an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of and for the Company's U.S. Pension Plan and other postretirement obligations, respectively. 

198 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Other Pension Plans Other postretirement benefits Interest crediting rate on cash balance plan Weighted Average Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs: 
 Discount rate: U.S. Pension Plan Other Pension Plans Other postretirement benefits Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets: U.S. Pension Plan Other Pension Plans Other postretirement benefits Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates 
 Pre-65 health care cost trend rate Post-65 health care cost trend rate N/A N/A N/A Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 Obligations and Funded Status 
 The following tables set forth a reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of the benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets, as well as the funded status of the Company's defined benefit pension and postretirement health care and life 

insurance benefit plans. Information is presented for the qualified U.S. Pension Plan, Other Pension Plans (including non-qualified plans and the Canadian pension plan) and other postretirement benefits. 

199 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan participants contributions Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Changes in assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange adjustment ) ) Benefit obligation end of year [1] Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid [2] ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Expenses paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets end of year 
 Funded status end of year ) ) ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Other assets Other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 [1] As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Accumulated Benefit Obligation is equal to the Projected Benefit Obligation. 
 [2] Other postretirement benefits paid represent non-key employee postretirement medical benefits paid from the Company's prefunded trust fund, net of participant contributions. 
 Changes in assumptions for the U.S. Pension Plan in 2022 primarily included a decrease in the benefit obligation for pension benefits as a result of an increase in the discount rate from as of the December 31, 2021 valuation to as of the December 31, 2022 valuation. Changes in assumptions in 2021 included a decrease in the benefit obligation for pension benefits as a result of an increase in the discount rate from as of the December 31, 2020 valuation to as of the December 31, 2021 valuation. 
 Changes in assumptions for the Other Pension Plans in 2022 primarily included a decrease in the benefit obligation for pension benefits as a result of an increase in the discount rate from as of the December 31, 2021 valuation to as of the December 31, 2022 valuation. Changes in assumptions in 2021 included a decrease in the benefit obligation for pension benefits as a result of an increase in the discount rate from as of the December 31, 2020 valuation to as of the December 31, 2021 valuation. 
 Included in the benefit obligation for the U.S. Pension Plan in the table above, the cash balance plan pension benefit obligation was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The fair value of assets for total pension plans, and hence the funded status, presented in the table above excludes assets of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, held in rabbi trusts and designated for the Other Pension Plans. The assets do not qualify as plan assets; however, the assets are available to pay benefits for certain retired, terminated and active participants. Such assets are available to the Company s general creditors in the event of insolvency. The rabbi trusts assets consist of equity and fixed income investments. To the extent the fair value of these rabbi trusts were included in the table above, total pension plan assets would have been and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the funded status of total pension plans would have been and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The tables below present an aggregate view of net periodic cost (benefit) and components of other comprehensive income and AOCI for pension plans that includes both the U.S. Pension Plan and Other Pension Plans. Net periodic cost (benefit) is recognized in insurance operating costs and other expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

200 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic cost (benefit) ) ) ) 
 Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) Total ) )) ) ) ) ) ) Prior service credit Total ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Actuarial net losses in AOCI that exceed 10 of the greater of the benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets are amortized to expense over the average future life expectancy of plan participants. 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 Investment Strategy and Target Allocation 
 The overall investment strategy of the U.S. Pension Plan is to produce total investment returns that provide sufficient funding for present and anticipated future benefit obligations within the constraints of a prudent level of portfolio risk and diversification. With respect to asset management, the oversight responsibility of the U.S. Pension Plan rests with The Hartford s Pension Investment Committee composed of individuals whose responsibilities include establishing overall objectives and the setting of investment policy; selecting appropriate investment options and ranges; selecting qualified service providers such as investment managers and investment consultants; reviewing the asset allocation mix and asset allocation targets on a regular basis; and monitoring performance to determine whether or not the rate of return objectives are being met and that policy and guidelines are being followed. The Pension Investment Committee has adopted a de-risking glide path that reduces the target allocation to equity securities and alternative assets and 

increases the allocation to fixed income securities over time in response to improvement in the funded status of the U.S. Pension Plan. The Company believes that the asset allocation decision will be the single most important factor determining the long-term performance of the U.S. Pension Plan. 
 Fixed income securities Alternative assets 
 Divergent market performance among different asset classes and changes in the context of the glide path may, from time to time, cause the asset allocation to deviate from the desired asset allocation ranges. The asset allocation mix is reviewed on a periodic basis. If it is determined that an asset allocation mix rebalancing is required, future portfolio additions and 

201 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Fixed Income Securities: Corporate RMBS U.S. Treasuries Foreign government CMBS Other fixed income [1] Mortgage Loans Equity Securities: Domestic International Total pension plan assets at fair value, in the fair value hierarchy [2] Other Investments, at net asset value [3]: Private Market Alternatives Hedge funds Total pension plan assets at fair value 
 [1] Includes ABS, municipal bonds, and CDOs. 
 [2] Excludes and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of investment receivables net of investment payables that are excluded from this disclosure requirement because they are trade receivables in the ordinary course of business where the carrying amount approximates fair value. 
 [3] Investments that are measured at net asset value per share or an equivalent and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 The tables below provide fair value level 3 roll forwards for the U.S. Pension Plan Assets for which significant unobservable inputs ("Level 3") are used in the fair value measurement on a recurring basis. The U.S. Pension Plan classifies the fair value of financial instruments within Level 3 if there are no observable markets for the instruments or, in the absence of active markets, 

if one or more of the significant inputs used to determine fair value are based on the U.S. Pension Plan s own assumptions. Therefore, the gains and losses in the tables below include changes in fair value due to both observable and unobservable factors. 

202 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Realized gains, net Changes in unrealized gains (losses), net ) ) ) Purchases Settlements Sales ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) ) Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 Fair Value as of January 1, 2021 Realized gains (losses), net ) ) Changes in unrealized gains, net Purchases Settlements Sales ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 [1] "Other" includes U.S. Treasuries, Other fixed income and CMBS investments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, transfers into and (out) of Level 3 are primarily attributable to the appearance of or lack thereof of market observable information and the re-evaluation of the observability of pricing inputs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, transfers into and (out) of Level 3 are primarily attributable to the appearance of or 

lack thereof of market observable information and the re-evaluation of the observability of pricing inputs. 
 There was less than in Company common stock included in the U.S. Pension Plan s assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fixed Income Securities: Corporate RMBS U.S. Treasuries Foreign government CMBS Other fixed income Equity Securities: Large-cap Total other postretirement plan assets at fair value 
 There was Company common stock included in the other postretirement benefit plan assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Concentration of Risk 
 In order to minimize risk, the Pension Plan maintains a listing of permissible and prohibited investments. In addition, the Pension Plan has certain concentration limits and investment quality requirements imposed on permissible investment options. Permissible investments include U.S. equity, international equity, 

203 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 18 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

The Company will monitor the funded status of the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan during 2023 to make this determination. 
 Benefit Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 Total 

Income tax benefit ) ) ) Excess tax benefit on awards vested, exercised and expired ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation plans expense, net of tax 
 The Company did not capitalize any cost of stock-based compensation. As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Stock Plan 
 Future stock-based awards may be granted under The Hartford's 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Stock Incentive Plan") other than the Subsidiary Stock Plan and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan described below. The Stock Incentive Plan provides for awards to be granted in the form of non-qualified or incentive stock options qualifying under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted stock or restricted stock units, or any other form of stock-based award. The maximum number of shares, subject to adjustments set forth in the 2020 Stock Plan, that may be issued to Company employees and third-party service providers during the -year duration of the Stock Incentive Plan is the sum of shares, any shares forfeited subsequent to February 29, 2020, plus any shares used for tax withholding purposes. If any award under an earlier incentive stock plan is forfeited, terminated, surrendered, exchanged, expires unexercised, or is settled in cash in lieu of stock (including to effect tax withholding) or for the net issuance of a lesser number of shares than the number subject to the award, the shares of stock subject to such award (or the relevant portion thereof) shall be available for awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and such shares shall be added to the maximum limit. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future issuance. 
 The fair values of awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan are measured as of the grant date and expensed ratably over the awards vesting periods, generally years. For stock awards to retirement-eligible employees, the Company recognizes the expense over a period shorter than the stated vesting period because the employees receive accelerated vesting upon retirement and, therefore, the vesting period is considered non-substantive. 

204 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 19 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 years. Options generally become exercisable over a period of commencing from the date of grant. 
 The Company uses a hybrid lattice/Monte-Carlo based option valuation model (the Plan Valuation Model that incorporates the possibility of early exercise of options into the valuation. The Plan Valuation Model also incorporates the Company s historical termination and exercise experience to determine the option value. 
 The Plan Valuation Model incorporates ranges of assumptions for inputs, and those ranges are disclosed below. The term 

structure of volatility is generally constructed utilizing implied volatilities from exchange-traded options, historical volatility of the Company s stock and other factors. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the Plan Valuation Model, and accommodates variations in employee preference and risk-tolerance by segregating the grantee pool into a series of behavioral cohorts and conducting a fair valuation for each cohort individually. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the option Plan Valuation Model and represents, in a mathematical sense, the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Constant Maturity Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Expected annualized spot volatility - - - Weighted average annualized volatility Risk-free spot rate ) - - - Expected term years years years 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired Outstanding at end of year Outstanding, fully vested and expected to vest Exercisable at end of year 
 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of the period in excess of the exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding or exercisable. The aggregate intrinsic value excludes the effect of stock options that have a zero or negative intrinsic value. The weighted average grant-date fair value per share of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , The Hartford received , , and , respectively, in cash from exercised stock options. The Hartford recognized tax benefits of , , and on stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 

Share Awards 
 Share awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan and outstanding include restricted stock units and performance shares. Performance shares become payable within a range of to of the number of shares initially granted based upon the attainment of specific performance goals achieved at the end of and, for the 2021 grant year, is subject to a modifier that will either increase or decrease final performance by 10 based upon results against predetermined year-end 2023 representation goals for women and people of color in executive level roles . 

205 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 19 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 from the date of grant. Stock compensation expense for these performance share awards is based on the number of awards expected to vest as estimated at the grant date and, therefore, does not change for changes in estimated performance. The Company uses a risk neutral Monte-Carlo Plan Valuation Model that incorporates time to maturity, implied volatilities of the Company and the peer companies, and correlations between the Company and the peer companies and interest rates. 

Average volatility of peer companies - - - Average correlation coefficient of peer companies Risk-free spot rate Term years years years 
 Total Share Awards 
 Granted Performance based adjustment, net Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Non-vested at end of year 
 In addition to the non-vested shares presented in the above table, there are related non-vested dividend equivalent shares. The number of non-vested dividend equivalent shares related to restricted stock units was thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the number of non-vested dividend equivalent shares related to performance shares was thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The dividend equivalent shares are subject to the same vesting terms as the restricted stock units and performance shares. 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value per share of restricted stock units granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively. The weighted average grant- 
 date fair value per share of performance shares granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively, based on actual or estimated performance factors. The Company did make cash payments in settlement of stock compensation during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Subsidiary Stock Plan 
 The Hartford has a subsidiary stock-based compensation plan similar to the Stock Incentive Plan, except that it awards non-public subsidiary stock as compensation. The Company recognized stock-based compensation plan expense of , and in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for the subsidiary stock plan. Upon employee vesting of subsidiary stock, the Company recognizes a noncontrolling equity interest. Employees are restricted from selling vested subsidiary stock to anyone other than the Company and the Company has discretion on the amount of stock to repurchase. Therefore, the subsidiary stock is classified 

206 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 19 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 , and , respectively, in subsidiary stock. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company sponsors The Hartford Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). Under this plan, eligible employees of The Hartford purchase common stock of the Company at a discount rate of of the market price per share on the last trading day of the offering period. Accordingly, the plan is a non-compensatory plan. Employees purchase a variable number of 

shares of stock to eligible employees under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future issuance. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, shares, shares, and shares were sold, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, The Hartford received , and , respectively, in cash from sales under this plan. 

and , respectively, and is included in property and equipment, net , in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The lease liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Variable lease costs include changes in interest rates on variable rate leases primarily for automobiles. In 2022 and 2021, variable lease costs of and , respectively, were reported in restructuring and other costs for lease terminations under Hartford Next (see Note 22 - Restructuring and Other Costs for more information), and were excluded from components of lease expense. 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease costs included in insurance operating costs and other expenses 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term in years for operating leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Discount on lease payments to present value Total lease liability 

207 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 21 - Business Dispositions 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

, net of transaction costs. The complete sale of the Continental Europe Operations consists of multiple arrangements designed as a single transaction. The Continental Europe Operations are included in the Commercial Lines segment. Revenues and earnings are not material to the Company's consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 The sale resulted in losses of approximately and , before tax, for the periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which were recorded within net realized gains (losses) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company also recorded related income tax benefits on the sale of and , for after tax losses of and , for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Total consideration less costs to sell of is subject to change based on how the ultimate amounts required to settle claims on 2020 and prior accident years, as determined at the end of 2024, compare with recorded reserves as currently estimated. The contingent consideration has been estimated at its fair value of and could result in an increase or decrease in consideration depending on how ultimate losses develop. Any change in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration in a future period would increase or decrease the estimated loss on sale in that period. 

Reinsurance recoverables and other Total assets held for sale Liabilities Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Unearned premiums Other liabilities Total liabilities held for sale 
 [1]As of December 31, 2020, the estimated fair value of the disposal group is based on the estimated consideration to be received less cost to sell. Within the disposal group, as of December 31, 2020, investments in fixed maturities and short-term investments, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, had a fair value of , of which was based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and was based on significant observable inputs. The remaining fair value less costs to sell for the disposal group is ), which is measured on a nonrecurring basis using significant unobservable inputs. See Note 4 Fair Value Measurements for more information. 
 [2]Classified as assets and liabilities held for sale. 

and respectively, due to more recent experience of higher than expected voluntary attrition. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company expects to incur additional costs including, amortization of right of use assets and other lease exit costs, other IT costs to retire applications, and other expenses. Total restructuring and other costs are expected to be approximately , before tax, and will be recognized in Corporate for segment reporting. The estimated restructuring and other costs for future periods do not include all costs associated with the real estate consolidation plan as those plans are still being finalized. 

208 

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Table of Contents 
 Note 22 - Restructuring and Other Costs 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) ) IT costs Professional fees and other expenses Total restructuring and other costs, before tax 
 Incurred ) Payments ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Accrued Restructuring and Other Costs Year Ended December 31, 2021 Severance Benefits and Related Costs IT Costs Professional Fees and Other Total Restructuring and Other Costs Liability Balance, beginning of period Incurred ) Payments ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 209 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule I. Summary of Investments - Other Investments in Affiliates 

States, municipalities and political subdivisions Foreign governments Public utilities All other corporate bonds All other mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale Fixed maturities, at fair value using fair value option Equity Securities [1] Common stocks Industrial, miscellaneous and all other Non-redeemable preferred stocks Total equity securities [1] Mortgage loans [2] Other investments Short-term investments Limited partnerships and other alternative investments [3] Total investments 
 [1] Cost of equity securities represents original cost. 
 [2] Cost of mortgage loans excludes the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") of . For further information, refer to Schedule V - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 
 [3] Cost of limited partnerships and other alternative investments is presented as the carrying value, which is primarily accounted for under the equity method. 

210 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule II. Condensed Financial Information of the Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 

 and 
 Other investments Short-term investments Cash Investment in affiliates Deferred income taxes Unamortized issue costs Other assets Total assets Liabilities Net payable to affiliates Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

211 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule II. Condensed Financial Information of the Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 

 Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Total revenues Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Other expense (income) ) ) ) Total expenses Loss before income taxes and earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Income (loss) before earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Earnings of subsidiaries Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) - parent company: 
 Change in net gain or loss on cash-flow hedging instruments ) Change in net unrealized gain or loss on fixed maturities ) ) ) Change in pension and other postretirement plan adjustments ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes before other comprehensive income of subsidiaries 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income ) 
 
 The condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 212 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule II. Condensed Financial Information of the Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 

 Loss on extinguishment of debt Dividends received from subsidiaries Equity in net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Net realized losses (gains) Change in operating assets and liabilities Cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Net proceeds from (payments for) short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from the sale/maturity/prepayment of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale Equity securities, at fair value Payments for the purchase of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ) Equity securities, at fair value ) Net payments for derivatives ) Capital returned from (contributions to) subsidiaries ) Cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayments of debt ) ) Treasury stock acquired ) ) ) Net issuance (return of) shares under incentive and stock compensation plans ) ) Dividends paid on common shares ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred shares ) ) ) Cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash beginning of period Cash end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Interest Paid 
 The condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 213 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule III. Supplementary Insurance Information 

 Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Consolidated As of December 31, 2021 Commercial Lines Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Consolidated 
 
 214 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule III. Supplementary Insurance Information 

 Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Consolidated For the year December 31, 2021 Commercial Lines Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Consolidated For the year December 31, 2020 Commercial Lines Personal Lines Property Casualty Other Operations Group Benefits Hartford Funds Corporate Consolidated 
 [1] Includes interest expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, restructuring and other costs, loss on reinsurance transaction and amortization of intangible assets. 
 [2] Excludes life insurance pursuant to Regulation S-X. 
 
 215 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule IV. Reinsurance 

Insurance revenues Property and casualty insurance Life insurance and annuities Accident and health insurance Total insurance revenues For the year ended December 31, 2021 Life insurance in-force Insurance revenues Property and casualty insurance Life insurance and annuities Accident and health insurance Total insurance revenues For the year ended December 31, 2020 Life insurance in-force Insurance revenues Property and casualty insurance Life insurance and annuities Accident and health insurance Total insurance revenues 
 216 

| Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Part IV - Schedule V. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 ) ACL on mortgage loans ACL on premiums receivable and agents' balances ) Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance Valuation allowance for deferred taxes 2021 ACL on fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ) ACL on mortgage loans ) ACL on premiums receivable and agents' balances ) Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance ) Valuation allowance for deferred taxes ) 2020 ACL on fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ACL on mortgage loans ACL on premiums receivable and agents' balances ) Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance ) Valuation allowance for deferred taxes ) 
 [1] The balance as of January 1, 2020 reflects a cumulative effect adjustments recorded to retained earnings of , ), and , for the ACL on mortgage loans, ACL on premiums receivable and agents' balances, and the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, respectively. For more information see Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. 
 217 

| Table of Contents 

THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 FORM 10-K 
 EXHIBITS INDEX 
 The exhibits attached to this Form 10-K are those that are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 2.01 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Hartford Life, Inc. and The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. ("The Hartford") dated as of September 4, 2012. 
 10-Q 
 001-13958 
 2.01 11/01/2012 
 2.02 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among Hartford Life, Inc., Prudential Financial, Inc. and The Hartford dated as of September 27, 2012. 
 10-Q 001-13958 2.02 11/01/2012 2.03 Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 3, 2017 by and between The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., Hartford Holdings, Inc. Hopmeadow Acquisition, Inc. Hopmeadow Holdings, LP and Hopmeadow Holdings GP LLC. 
 8-K 
 001-13958 
 2.01 12/04/2017 
 2.04 Master Transaction Agreement by and between Hartford Life Accident Insurance Company, a subsidiary of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., and Aetna Inc. dated as of October 22, 2017. 
 8-K 001-13958 2.01 10/23/2017 2.05 Commitment Agreement by and between The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., The Prudential Insurance Company of America and State Street Global Advisors Trust Company, as the Independent Fiduciary of The Hartford Retirement Plan for U.S. Employees, dated as of June 23, 2017. 
 10-Q 001-13958 
 2.01 07/27/2017 2.06 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 22, 2018, by and among The Navigators Group, Inc., The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and Renato Acquisition Co. 
 8-K/A 001-13958 2.1 08/22/2018 3.01 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Hartford, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on October 20, 2014. 
 8-K 001-13958 3.01 10/20/2014 3.02 Certificate of Designations with respect to the Series G Preferred Stock of the Company, dated October 30, 2018. 
 8-K 001-13958 3.1 11/05/2018 
 
 3.03 Amended and Restated By-laws of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., effective December 14, 2022. 
 8-K 001-13958 3.1 12/14/2022 4.01 Senior Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2004, between The Hartford and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-13958 4.1 03/12/2004 4.02 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of February 12, 2007, between The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., and Wilmington Trust Company (as successor to LaSalle Bank, National Association), as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-13958 4.01 02/16/2007 4.03 Senior Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2007, between The Hartford and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 S-3ASR 333-142044 4.03 04/11/2007 4.04 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2008, between The Hartford and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-13958 4.1 06/06/2008 4.05 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2008, between The Hartford and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-13958 4.2 06/06/2008 4.06 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 5, 2012, between The Hartford and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K/A 001-13958 4.3 04/06/2012 4.07 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2013, between The Hartford and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 S-3ASR 333-190506 4.07 08/09/2013 4.08 Replacement Capital Covenant dated as of February 15, 2017. 
 8-K 001-13958 4.01 02/15/2017 4.09 Form of Series G Preferred Stock Certificate (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 
 8-K 001-13958 3.1 11/05/2018 
 218 

| Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 4.10 Deposit Agreement, dated November 6, 2018, among the Company, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., collectively as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein. 
 8-K 001-13958 4.2 11/06/2018 
 
 4.11 Form of Depositary Receipt (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2018) 
 8-K 001-13958 4.3 11/06/2018 4.12 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2019, between The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
 8-K 001-13958 4.3 08/19/2019 4.13 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2021, between The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-13958 4.4 09/21/2021 4.14 Description of Securities 
 10.01 Aggregate Excess of Loss Reinsurance Agreement by and between Hartford Fire Insurance Company, First State Insurance Company, New England Insurance Company, New England Reinsurance Corporation, Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, Hartford Casualty Insurance Company, Hartford Fire Insurance Company, Hartford Insurance Company of Illinois, Hartford Insurance Company of the Midwest, Hartford Insurance Company of the Southeast, Hartford Lloyd s Insurance Company, Hartford Underwriters Insurance Company, Nutmeg Insurance Company, Pacific Insurance Company, Limited, Property and Casualty Insurance Company of Hartford, Sentinel Insurance Company, Ltd., Trumbull Insurance Company, Twin City Fire Insurance Company (collectively, the "Reinsured") and National Indemnity Company (the "Reinsurer") dated as of December 30, 2016. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.01 02/18/2022 10.02 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 27, 2021, among The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and the other parties signatory thereto. 
 8-K 001-13958 10.1 10/28/2021 10.03 First Amendment, entered into as of March 10, 2022, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, BofA Securities, Inc. as Sustainability Coordinator and the other parties signatory thereto. 
 10-Q 001-13958 10.01 04/28/2022 10.04 The Hartford Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Plan, as amended. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.12 02/24/2006 10.05 Form of Key Executive Employment Protection Agreement between The Hartford and certain executive officers of The Hartford, as amended. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.06 02/12/2009 10.06 The Hartford 2010 Incentive Stock Plan Forms of Individual Award Agreements. 
 10-Q 001-13958 10.04 08/04/2010 10.07 The Hartford 2010 Incentive Stock Plan Administrative Rules Related to Awards for Key Employees, as amended effective December 15, 2010. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.10 02/25/2011 10.08 The Hartford Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended December 20, 2012. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.18 03/01/2013 10.09 The Hartford Excess Pension Plan II, as amended January 1, 2013. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.19 03/01/2013 10.10 The Hartford Excess Savings Plan IA, as amended effective May 28, 2013. 
 8-K 001-13958 10.01 07/29/2013 10.11 The Hartford 2010 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended and restated, effective February 25, 2014. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.05 02/28/2014 10.12 The Hartford 2014 Incentive Stock Plan, effective May 21, 2014. 
 S-8 333-197671 4.03 07/28/2014 10.13 The Hartford Protection Agreement between The Hartford and Christopher Swift, effective June 9, 2014. 
 10-Q 001-13958 10.03 07/30/2014 10.14 The Hartford 2014 Incentive Stock Plan Administrative Rules Relating to Awards for Non-Employee Directors. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.06 02/27/2015 10.15 The Hartford 2014 Incentive Stock Plan Form of Non-Employee Directors Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-13958 10.01 07/27/2015 10.16 The Hartford 2014 Incentive Stock Plan Forms of Individual Award Agreements 
 10-Q 001-13958 10.02 04/26/2018 10.17 The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-13958 10.01 02/21/2019 10.18 Amendment to The Hartford Excess Savings Plan IA 
 10-Q 001-13958 10.01 11/04/2019 10.19 The Hartford 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, effective May 20, 2020 
 S-8 001-13958 4.03 07/31/2020 
 219 

| Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date 10.20 The Hartford 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Forms of Individual Award Agreements. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.24 02/19/2021 10.21 The Hartford 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Administrative Rules Relating to Awards for Non-Employee Directors. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.25 02/19/2021 10.22 The Hartford 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Non-Employee Directors Award Agreement. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.26 02/19/2021 10.23 Amendment to The Hartford Excess Pension Plan II. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.22 02/18/2022 10.24 The Hartford Senior Executive Officer Severance Pay Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2022. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.23 02/18/2022 10.25 The Hartford Senior Executive Severance Pay Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2022. 
 10-K 001-13958 10.24 02/18/2022 21.01 Subsidiaries of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 23.01 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP to the incorporation by reference into The Hartford s Registration Statements on Form S-8 and Form S-3 of the report of Deloitte Touche LLP contained in this Form 10-K regarding the audited financial statements is filed herewith. 
 24.01 Power of Attorney. 
 31.01 Certification of Christopher J. Swift pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.02 Certification of Beth A. Costello pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.01 Certification of Christopher J. Swift pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.02 Certification of Beth A. Costello pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104.01 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to this report. Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission Order Granting Confidential Treatment Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, dated August 7, 2017 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Section (b)(10)(iv) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of this exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 220 

| Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. By: /s/ Scott R. Lewis Scott R. Lewis Senior Vice President and Controller (Chief accounting officer and duly authorized signatory) 
 Date: February 24, 2023 
 221 

| Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Christopher J. Swift 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 24, 2023 Christopher J. Swift (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Beth A. Costello Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Beth A. Costello (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Scott R. Lewis Senior Vice President and Controller February 24, 2023 Scott R. Lewis (Principal Accounting Officer) Director February 24, 2023 Larry D. De Shon Director February 24, 2023 Carlos Dominguez Director February 24, 2023 Trevor Fetter Director February 24, 2023 Donna James Director February 24, 2023 Kathryn A. Mikells Director February 24, 2023 Edmund Reese Director February 24, 2023 Teresa W. Roseborough Director February 24, 2023 Virginia P. Ruesterholz Director February 24, 2023 Matthew E. Winter Director February 24, 2023 Greig Woodring By: /s/ David C. Robinson David C. Robinson As Attorney-in-Fact 
 222 

<EX-4.14>
 2
 hig12313022-10xkex414.htm
 EX-4.14

Document 

Exhibit 4.14 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (the Company had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (1) Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (2) 6.10 Notes due 2041 and (3) Depositary Shares Each Representing a 1 1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.000 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G, par value 0.01 per share. Unless otherwise indicated, or the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to the Company, we, us and our or similar terms are to The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries and references to the The Hartford are to The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 The following description of our Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated By-Laws (the By-Laws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.14 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our By-Laws and General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Shares 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, we have the authority to issue 1,500,000,000 shares of Common Stock, with a par value of 0.01 per share. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as, and if declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds, subject to the rights of any then outstanding preferred stock created by our board of directors. 
 
 No Preemptive and or Other Similar Rights 
 
 Holders of our Common Stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights, are not entitled to any preemptive rights by virtue of their status as stockholders and that status does not entitle them to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series, and generally have no appraisal rights except in certain limited transactions. Under Delaware law, our stockholders generally are not liable for our debts or obligations. 
 
 Voting rights 
 
 Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by our stockholders. Our Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. In addition, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall have and possess the exclusive right to notice of stockholders meetings and the exclusive power to vote. 
 
 Liquidation rights 
 
 Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, whether voluntary or involuntary, and after any holders of preferred stock then outstanding shall have been paid in full in cash the amounts to which they respectively shall be entitled or a sum sufficient for such payment in full shall have been set aside, the remaining net assets of the Company shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of the Common Stock in accordance with their respective rights and interest, to the exclusion of any holders of our preferred stock then outstanding. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Effects 
 
 Certain provisions of the DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws contain provisions that could have certain anti-takeover effects and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests, as discussed below 
 
 Authorized But Unissued Shares - Our board of directors has the authority, without the approval of our stockholders, to cause our preferred stock to be issued in one or more classes or series, or both, with the numbers of shares of each class or 
 223 

series and the provisions, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each class or series to be determined by it. 
 
 No Action by Written Consent or Special Meeting - Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting and cannot be taken by written consent. Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws also provide that special meetings of stockholders can be called by the chairman of our board of directors or by a vote of the majority of the entire board of directors. In addition, our By-Laws provide that only such business as is specified in the notice of any special meeting of stockholders may come before the meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements - Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders seeking to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters which can be acted upon at stockholders meetings. 
 
 Number of Directors Filling of Vacancies - Our By-Laws provide that the number of directors that constitute our board of directors may be set from time to time by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire board of directors, but that such number shall not be less than three nor more than twenty-five. In addition, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, or any vacancy, may be filled by a vote of a majority of directors then in office 
 
 No Cumulative Voting - Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock and do not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 
 
 Delaware Business Combination Statute - As a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL provides that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder unless 
 
 the transaction or the business combination that results in a person becoming an interested stockholder is approved by the board of directors of the corporation before the person becomes an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owns 85 or more of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding, for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and shares owned by certain employee stock plans, or 
 on or after the date the person becomes an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by the corporation s board of directors and by holders of at least two-thirds of the corporation s outstanding voting stock, excluding shares owned by the interested stockholder, at a meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Under Section 203, an interested stockholder is defined as any person (or the affiliates or associates of such person), other than the corporation and any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary that is 
 
 the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, or 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether the person is an interested stockholder. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the symbol HIG. 
 
 Description of Notes 
 
 The following description of our 6.10 Notes due 2041 (the Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture, dated as of March 9, 2004, between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as trustee (the 2004 Indenture ), which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.14 is a part. 
 
 We encourage you to read the above referenced 2004 Indenture, for additional information. 
 
 General 
 
 The Notes were issued under the 2004 Indenture, which provides that debt securities may be issued under the 2004 Indenture from time to time in one or more series. The 2004 Indenture and the Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The 2004 Indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue under that 2004 Indenture. Subject to certain tax limitations, we may, without the consent of any holders of any of the Notes, re-open this series of Notes on terms identical in all respects to the outstanding Notes (except the date of issuance, the date interest begins to accrue and, in certain circumstances, the first interest payment date), so that such additional notes of the Company shall be consolidated with, form a single issue with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. 
 
 224 

Maturity, Interest and Principal 
 
 The Notes were initially issued with an aggregate principal amount of 408,774,000. The Notes will mature on October 1, 2041. The Notes bear interest from October 10, 2006 at a fixed interest rate of 6.10 per annum. We pay interest semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, having commenced on April 1, 2007, to the record holders at the close of business on the preceding March 15 or September 15 (whether or not a business day). Interest is computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 We may redeem the Notes at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the then current Treasury Rate (as defined in the 2004 Indenture) plus 20 basis points. In addition, we will pay accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. 
 
 The Notes are not redeemable at the option of the holder prior to maturity and do not benefit from any sinking fund. 
 
 Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 
 The 2004 Indenture provides that we may discharge all of our obligations, other than as to transfers and exchanges and certain other specified obligations, under the Notes at any time. This procedure is referred to as defeasance. In addition, we may also be released from our obligations subject to the Limitation upon Liens and Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets (described in the sections below) and from certain other obligations, including obligations imposed by supplemental indentures with respect to the Notes, if any, and elect not to comply with those sections and obligations without creating an event of default. This second procedure is referred to as covenant defeasance. 
 
 Defeasance or covenant defeasance, will be conditioned upon, among other things, on our irrevocable deposit with the trustee money or United States government obligations or a combination thereof, as trust funds in an amount certified to be sufficient to pay and discharge on the respective stated maturities, the principal of and any premium and interest on, all outstanding debt securities of that series. 
 
 Limitations upon Liens 
 
 With certain exceptions as set forth below, the 2004 Indenture provides that neither we nor our restricted subsidiaries may create, incur, assume or permit to exist any lien, except liens created, incurred, assumed or existing prior to the execution date of the 2004 Indenture, on, any property or assets (including the capital stock of any restricted subsidiary) now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or sell or transfer or create any lien on any income or revenues or rights in respect thereof. 
 
 General Exceptions 
 
 The restriction on our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to create, incur, assume or permit to exist liens will not apply to 
 
 liens on any property or asset acquired, constructed or improved by us or any of our restricted subsidiaries subsequent to the execution of the 2004 Indenture which are created or assumed to secure or provide for the payment of any part of the purchase price of such property or asset or the cost of such construction or improvement, or any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest or other encumbrance on any lien on any such property or asset existing at the time of acquisition thereof provided, however, that such lien shall not extend to any other property owned by us or any of our restricted subsidiaries 
 liens existing upon any property or asset of a company which is merged with or into or is consolidated into, or substantially all the assets or shares of capital stock of which are acquired by, us or any of our restricted subsidiaries, at the time of such merger, consolidation or acquisition provided that such lien does not extend to any other property or asset, other than improvements to the property or asset subject to such lien 
 any pledge or deposit to secure payment of workers compensation or insurance premiums, or in connection with tenders, bids, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money) or leases 
 any pledge of, or other lien upon, any assets as security for the payment of any tax, assessment or other similar charge by any governmental authority or public body, or as security required by law or governmental regulation as a condition to the transaction of any business or the exercise of any privilege or right 
 liens necessary to secure a stay of any legal or equitable process in a proceeding to enforce a liability or obligation contested in good faith by us or any of our restricted subsidiaries or required in connection with the institution by us or any of our restricted subsidiaries of any legal or equitable proceeding to enforce a right or to obtain a remedy claimed in good faith by us or any of our restricted subsidiaries, or required in connection with any order or decree in any such proceeding or in connection with any contest of any tax or other governmental charge or the making of any deposit with 
 225 

or the giving of any form of security to any governmental agency or any body created or approved by law or governmental regulation in order to entitle us or any of our restricted subsidiaries to maintain self-insurance or to participate in any fund in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions or other social security or to share in any provisions or other benefits provided for companies participating in any such arrangement or for liability on insurance of credits or other risks 
 mechanics , carriers , workmen s, repairmen s, or other like liens, if arising in the ordinary course of business, in respect of obligations which are not overdue or liability which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
 liens on property in favor of the United States, or of any agency, department or other instrumentality thereof, to secure partial, progress or advance payments pursuant to the provisions of any contract 
 liens securing indebtedness of any of our restricted subsidiaries to us or to another restricted subsidiary provided that in the case of any sale or other disposition of such indebtedness by us or such restricted subsidiary, such sale or other disposition shall be deemed to constitute the creation of another lien not permitted by this clause 
 liens affecting our or any of our restricted subsidiaries property securing indebtedness of the United States or a state thereof (or any instrumentality or agency of either thereof) issued in connection with a pollution control or abatement program required in our opinion to meet environmental criteria with respect to our or any of our restricted subsidiaries operations and the proceeds of which indebtedness have financed the cost of acquisition of such program or 
 the renewal, extension, replacement or refunding of any mortgage, pledge, lien, deposit, charge or other encumbrance, permitted as specified above provided that in each case such amount outstanding at that time shall not be increased. 
 
 Exceptions for Specified Amount of Indebtedness 
 
 In addition, we and one or more of our restricted subsidiaries may create, incur, assume or permit to exist any lien which would otherwise be subject to the above restrictions, provided that immediately after the creation or assumption of such lien, the total of the aggregate principal amount of our and our restricted subsidiaries indebtedness (not including any liens incurred pursuant to the exceptions described above under General Exceptions secured by such liens shall not exceed an amount equal to 10 of our consolidated net tangible assets. 
 
 Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets 
 
 We will not consolidate with or merge into any other person or convey, transfer or lease our assets substantially as an entirety to any person, and no person may consolidate with or merge into us, unless 
 
 we will be the surviving company in any merger or consolidation, 
 if we consolidate with or merge into another person or convey, transfer or lease our assets substantially as an entirety to any person, the successor person is an entity organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and the successor entity expressly assumes our obligations relating to the Notes, 
 immediately after giving effect to the consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer, there exists no event of default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, and 
 other conditions described in the 2004 Indenture are met. 
 
 This covenant would not apply to the direct or indirect conveyance, transfer or lease of all or any portion of the stock, assets or liabilities of any of our wholly owned subsidiaries to us or to our other wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition, this covenant would not apply to any recapitalization transaction, a change of control of the Company or a highly leveraged transaction unless such transaction or change of control were structured to include a merger or consolidation by us or the conveyance, transfer or lease of our assets substantially as an entirety. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 Under the terms of the 2004 Indenture, each of the following constitutes an event of default for the Notes 
 
 default for 30 days in the payment of any interest when due 
 default in the payment of principal, or premium, if any, when due 
 default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or warranty in the 2004 Indenture for 60 days after written notice 
 certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, or 
 any other event of default described in the applicable board resolution or supplemental indenture, if any, under which the Notes are issued. 
 
 We are required to furnish the trustee annually with a certificate as to the fulfillment of our obligations under the 2004 Indenture. The 2004 Indenture provides that the trustee may withhold notice to holders of the Notes of any default, except in respect of the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, if it considers it in the interests of the holders of such Notes to do so. 
 
 226 

Effect of an Event of Default 
 
 If an event of default exists (other than an event of default with respect to the Notes in the case of certain events of bankruptcy), the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount of the Notes to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to us, and to the trustee if given by holders. Upon that declaration the principal amount will become immediately due and payable. However, at any time after a declaration of acceleration of outstanding Notes has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained, the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may, subject to conditions specified in the 2004 Indenture, rescind and annul that declaration. 
 
 If an event of default in the case of certain events of bankruptcy exists, the principal amount of all Notes outstanding under the 2004 Indenture shall automatically, and without any declaration or other action on the part of the trustee or any holder of such outstanding Notes, become immediately due and payable. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the 2004 Indenture relating to the duties of the trustee, if an event of default then exists, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the 2004 Indenture (other than the payment of any amounts on the Notes furnished to it pursuant to the 2004 Indenture) at a holder s (or any other person s) request, order or direction, unless the trustee has been offered reasonable security or indemnity against fees, advance costs, expense and liabilities which it might incur in connection with the exercise of such rights and powers. Subject to the provisions for the security or indemnification of the trustee, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee in connection with the Notes. 
 
 Modification and Waiver 
 
 Modification 
 
 We and the trustee may modify and amend the 2004 Indenture with the consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes. However, no modification or amendment may, without the consent of the holder of each of the outstanding Notes 
 
 change the stated maturity of the principal of, or any installment of interest payable on, any outstanding Notes 
 reduce the principal amount of, or the rate of interest on or any premium payable upon the redemption of, or the amount of principal of an original issue discount security that would be due and payable upon a redemption or would be provable in bankruptcy, or adversely affect any right of repayment of the holder of, any outstanding Notes 
 change the place of payment, or the coin or currency in which any outstanding Notes or the interest on any outstanding Notes is payable 
 impair a holder s right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on any outstanding Notes on or after the stated maturity or redemption date 
 reduce the percentage of the holders of outstanding Notes necessary to modify or amend the 2004 Indenture, waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2004 Indenture or certain defaults and consequences of such defaults or to reduce the quorum or voting requirements set forth in the 2004 Indenture or 
 modify any of these provisions or any of the provisions relating to the collection of indebtedness in an event of default, the waiver of certain past defaults or certain covenants, except to increase the required percentage to effect such action or to provide that certain other provisions may not be modified or waived without the consent of all of the holders of the Notes affected by such provisions. 
 
 Waiver 
 
 The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may, on behalf of the holders of all the Notes, waive compliance by us with certain restrictive covenants of the 2004 Indenture. 
 
 The holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may, on behalf of the holders of the Notes, generally waive any past default under the 2004 Indenture relating to the Notes and the consequences of such default. However, a default in the payment of the principal of, or premium, if any, or any interest on, any of the Notes or relating to a covenant or provision which, under the 2004 Indenture relating to the Notes cannot, be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each outstanding Note affected, cannot be so waived. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Notes are our unsecured senior indebtedness and rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. 
 
 227 

Trustee 
 
 The trustee under the 2004 Indenture is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and has all the duties and responsibilities of an indenture trustee specified in the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act ). The trustee is not required to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in performing its duties or exercising its rights and powers if it reasonably believes that it is not reasonably assured of repayment or adequate indemnity. 
 
 The trustee acts as depositary for funds of, makes loans to, and performs other services for, us and our subsidiaries in the normal course of business. 
 
 Description of Depositary Shares 
 
 The following description of our Depositary Shares (the Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1 1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.000 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G (the Series G Preferred Stock ), is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Deposit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2018 (the Deposit Agreement ), between the Company and Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the Depositary), which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.14 is a part. 
 
 We encourage you to read the above referenced Deposit Agreement for additional information. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 
 The Depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series G Preferred Stock to the record holders of the Depositary Shares in proportion to the number of the Depositary Shares held by each holder on the relevant record date. The Depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of the Depositary Shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that a distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make such distribution. In that event, the Depositary may, with our approval, sell such property received by it and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the Depositary Shares entitled to such distribution in proportion to the number of the Depositary Shares they hold. 
 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Depositary Shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series G Preferred Stock. In the event of any distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to you based on instructions from us. The amounts distributed to holders of the Depositary Shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the Depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 
 Redemption of the Depositary Shares 
 
 If we redeem the Series G Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares, in whole or in part, a corresponding number of Depositary Shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the Depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series G Preferred Stock held by the Depositary. The redemption price per Depositary Share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series G Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to any dividends thereon that, pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Designations, are payable upon redemption. Whenever we redeem shares of the Series G Preferred Stock held by the Depositary, the Depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of the Depositary Shares representing shares of the Series G Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 
 In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding Depositary Shares, the Depositary Shares to be redeemed will be selected by the Depositary either pro rata, or by lot (or, in the event the Depositary Shares are in the form of global depositary receipts, in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC in compliance with then-applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange). In any such case, the Depositary will redeem the Depositary Shares only in increments of 1,000 shares and any integral multiple thereof. 
 
 The Depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) notice of redemption to holders of the Depositary Shares not less than 30, nor more than 60 days, prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Series G Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares. 
 
 Voting of the Depositary Shares 
 
 When the Depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the Depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the Depositary Shares. Each record holder of Depositary Shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series G Preferred Stock, may instruct the Depositary to vote the amount of the Series G Preferred Stock represented by the holder s Depositary Shares. Although each Depositary Share is entitled to 1 1,000th of a vote, the Depositary can only vote whole shares of Series G Preferred Stock. To the extent possible, the Depositary will vote the 
 228 

amount of the Series G Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the Depositary determines are necessary to enable the Depositary to vote as instructed. If the Depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Depositary Shares, it will not vote the amount of the Series G Preferred Stock represented by such Depositary Shares. 
 
 Description of Series G Preferred Stock 
 
 The following description of our Series G Preferred Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation and the Certificate of Designations creating the Series G Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ), which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.14 is a part. 
 
 General 
 
 We have 50,000,000 shares of authorized preferred stock. Our board of directors is empowered, without the approval of our stockholders, to cause our preferred stock to be issued in one or more classes or series, or both, with the numbers of shares of each class or series and the provisions, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each class or series to be determined by it. The shares of Series G Preferred Stock represented by Depositary Shares are part of a single series of authorized preferred stock consisting of 13,800 shares. We may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of, holders of the Depositary Shares and the underlying Series G Preferred Stock, issue additional Series G Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Series G Preferred Stock rank senior to our junior stock (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) and equally with each other series of our preferred stock that we may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of us. In addition, we will generally be able to pay dividends, any redemption price and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of us only out of lawfully available funds for such payment (i.e., after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series G Preferred Stock were fully paid and nonassessable when issued, which means that holders have paid their purchase price in full and that we may not ask them to surrender additional funds. Holders of the Series G Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more of our stock. 
 
 The Series G Preferred Stock are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company. The Series G Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund or other obligation of the Company to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series G Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are not mandatory. Holders of Series G Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board of directors), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends that accrue for the relevant dividend period from the date of original issue, quarterly in arrears on the 15 th day of February, May, August and November of each year. If we issue additional shares of Series G Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue date or any other date we specify at the time such additional shares are issued. Payment dates are subject to adjustment for business days. 
 
 A dividend period is the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date, except that the initial dividend period commenced on, and included, the original issue date of the Series G Preferred Stock and ended on, but excluded, the February 15, 2019 dividend payment date. 
 
 Dividends are payable to holders of record of the Series G Preferred Stock as they appear on our books on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15 th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date (each, a dividend record date ). Dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. 
 
 Dividends payable on the Series G Preferred Stock are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any dividend payment date is a day that is not a business day (as defined herein), then the dividend with respect to that dividend payment date will instead be paid on the immediately succeeding business day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delayed payment. 
 Dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, if our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), does not declare a dividend on the Series G Preferred Stock payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue, we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period, and no interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared. 
 229 

So long as any Series G Preferred Stock remains outstanding for any dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding Series G Preferred Stock and parity stock have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside) 
 
 no dividend shall be paid or declared on our Common Stock or any other shares of our junior stock (as defined below) (other than a dividend payable solely in shares of junior stock) and 
 no Common Stock or other junior stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock) during a dividend period. 
 
 As used herein, junior stock means our Common Stock and any other class or series of our stock that ranks junior to the Series G Preferred Stock either as to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or as to the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of us. 
 
 As used herein, parity stock means any class or series of our stock that ranks equally with the Series G Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of The Hartford. 
 We do not currently have any junior stock other than the Common Stock, any parity stock, or any senior preferred stock outstanding. 
 
 When dividends are not paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside) in full on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series G Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series G Preferred Stock) on the Series G Preferred Stock or any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared on the Series G Preferred Stock and all such parity stock and payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series G Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series G Preferred Stock) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per Series G Preferred Stock and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series G Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series G Preferred Stock) bear to each other. 
 
 Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on our Common Stock and any other junior stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the Series G Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 
 Dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment if we fail to comply, or if such act would cause us to fail to comply, with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, to the extent we become subject to regulation by a capital regulator, any applicable capital adequacy guidelines). 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of The Hartford, holders of the Series G Preferred Stock and any parity stock are entitled to receive out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of Common Stock and any other junior stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share of Series G Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25.00 per Depositary Share), plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series G Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from us after they have received their full liquidation preference (as defined below). 
 
 In any such distribution, if our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series G Preferred Stock and all holders of any parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series G Preferred Stock and to the holders of any parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock (other than Series G Preferred Stock) on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Series G Preferred Stock and any holders of parity stock, the holders of our other stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 
 For purposes of this section, our merger or consolidation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or 
 230 

exchange of all or substantially all of our assets for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of us. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 The Series G Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. We may redeem the Series G Preferred Stock at our option 
 
 in whole but not in part, at any time prior to November 15, 2023, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to 25,500 per share of Series G Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25.50 per Depositary Share), plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date or 
 (i) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to November 15, 2023, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, or (ii) in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after November 15, 2023, in each case (i) and (ii), at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share of Series G Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25.00 per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends per share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date. 
 
 Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the dividend record date for a dividend period will not constitute a part of, or be paid to, the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather will be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on the dividend record date relating to such dividend payment date. 
 
 Holders of the shares of Series G Preferred Stock do not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series G Preferred Stock. 
 
 Rating agency event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act or in any successor provision thereto, that then publishes a rating for us (a rating agency amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series G Preferred Stock, which amendment, clarification or change results in 
 
 the shortening of the length of time the Series G Preferred Stock are assigned a particular level of equity credit by that rating agency as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Stock or 
 the lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Series G Preferred Stock by that rating agency as compared to the equity credit assigned by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Stock. 
 
 Regulatory capital event means that we become subject to capital adequacy supervision by a capital regulator and the capital adequacy guidelines that apply to us as a result of being so subject set forth criteria pursuant to which the aggregate liquidation preference amount of the Series G Preferred Stock would not qualify as capital under such capital adequacy guidelines, as we may determine at any time, in our sole discretion. 
 
 Capital regulator means any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization, including, but not limited to, the Federal Insurance Office FIO ), the National Association of Insurance Companies NAIC ), or any state insurance regulator, as may then have group-wide oversight of the Company s regulatory capital. 
 
 If the Series G Preferred Stock is to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days, nor more than 90 days, prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the Series G Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form through DTC we may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 
 the redemption date 
 the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares of Series G Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares of Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder 
 the redemption price and 
 the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing the Series G Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price. 
 
 If notice of redemption of any Series G Preferred Stock has been given, and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by us for the benefit of the holders of any Series G Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such Series G Preferred Stock, and such Series G Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such Series G Preferred Stock will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 231 

In case of any redemption of only part of the Series G Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the Series G Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or by lot (or, in the event the Series G Preferred Stock is in the form of global securities, in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC in compliance with then-applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 If the Series G Preferred Stock is treated as Tier 1 capital (or a substantially similar concept) under the capital guidelines of a capital regulator at any time in the future, any redemption of the Series G Preferred Stock may be subject to our receipt of any required prior approval from the capital regulator and to the satisfaction of any conditions to our redemption of the Series G Preferred Stock set forth in those capital guidelines or any other applicable regulations of the capital regulator. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as provided below or as otherwise required by applicable law, the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 
 Whenever dividends on any Series G Preferred Stock shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (a Nonpayment ), the holders of such Series G Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In that event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series G Preferred Stock or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid. 
 
 As used herein, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the Series G Preferred Stock either as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the Series G Preferred Stock and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the Series G Preferred Stock voted. 
 
 If and when dividends for at least four consecutive dividend periods following a Nonpayment have been paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside, the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, we may take account of any dividend we elect to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend payment date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series G Preferred Stock and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or, if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series G Preferred Stock and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 
 So long as any Series G Preferred Stock remains outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series G Preferred Stock and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon (voting together as a class), given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 
 amend or alter the provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series G Preferred Stock so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series G Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series G Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series G Preferred Stock, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series G Preferred Stock or our merger or consolidation with another entity, unless in each case (i) the Series G Preferred Stock remains outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, is converted 
 232 

into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such Series G Preferred Stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, has such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series G Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole 
 
 provided , however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series G Preferred Stock or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series G Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series G Preferred Stock. 
 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would materially and adversely affect one or more, but not all, series of voting preferred stock (including the Series G Preferred Stock for this purpose), then only the series materially and adversely affected by such event and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all series of voting preferred stock. 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by the law, without the consent of the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series G Preferred Stock, taken as a whole, we may supplement any terms of the Series G Preferred Stock 
 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations for the Series G Preferred Stock that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series G Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 
 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding Series G Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice, and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by us for the benefit of the holders of Series G Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 
 Listing 
 
 The Depositary Shares are listed on the NYSE, under the symbol HIG-PRG. 
 233 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 hig12313022-10xkex2101.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.01 
 The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 Organizational List Domestic and Foreign Subsidiaries 
 1stAgChoice, Inc. (South Dakota) 
 Access CoverageCorp, Inc. (North Carolina) 
 Access CoverageCorp Technologies, Inc. (North Carolina) 
 Business Management Group, Inc. (Connecticut) 
 Cervus Claim Solutions, LLC (Delaware) 
 First State Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 FTC Resolution Company, LLC (Delaware) 
 Hart Re Group, L.L.C. (Connecticut) 
 Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company (Connecticut) 
 Hartford Administrative Services Company (Minnesota) 
 Hartford Casualty General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 Hartford Casualty Insurance Company (Indiana) 
 Hartford Fire General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 Hartford Fire Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 Hartford Funds Distributors, LLC (Delaware) 
 Hartford Funds Management Company, LLC (Delaware) 
 Hartford Funds Management Group, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Hartford Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Hartford Insurance Company of Illinois (Illinois) 
 Hartford Insurance Company of the Midwest (Indiana) 
 Hartford Insurance Company of the Southeast (Connecticut) 
 Hartford Insurance, Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 Hartford Integrated Technologies, Inc. (Connecticut) 
 Hartford Investment Management Company (Delaware) 
 Hartford Life and Accident Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 Hartford Lloyd s Corporation (Texas) 
 Hartford Lloyd s Insurance Company (Partnership) (Texas) 
 Hartford Management, Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 Hartford Productivity Services, LLC (Delaware) 
 Hartford of the Southeast General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 Hartford of Texas General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 Hartford Residual Market, L.L.C. (Connecticut) 
 Hartford Specialty Insurance Services of Texas, LLC (Texas) 
 Hartford STAG Ventures LLC (Delaware) 
 Hartford Strategic Investments, LLC (Delaware) 
 Hartford Underwriters General Agency, Inc. (Texas) 
 Hartford Underwriters Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 Heritage Holdings, Inc. (Connecticut) 
 Heritage Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 HLA LLC (Connecticut) 
 Horizon Management Group, LLC (Delaware) 
 HRA Brokerage Services, Inc. (Connecticut) 
 Lattice Strategies LLC (Delaware) 
 Maxum Casualty Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 Maxum Indemnity Company (Connecticut) 
 Maxum Specialty Services Corporation (Georgia) 
 Millennium Underwriting Limited (United Kingdom) 
 MPC Resolution Company LLC (Delaware) 
 Navigators Asia Limited (Hong Kong) 
 Navigators Corporate Underwriters Limited (United Kingdom) 
 Navigators Holdings (UK) Limited (United Kingdom) 
 Navigators Insurance Company (New York) 
 Navigators International Insurance Company Ltd. (United Kingdom) 
 Navigators Management Company, Inc. (New York) 
 234 

Navigators Management (UK) Limited (United Kingdom) 
 Navigators Specialty Insurance Company (New York) 
 Navigators Underwriting Agency Limited (United Kingdom) 
 Navigators Underwriting Limited (United Kingdom) 
 New England Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 New England Reinsurance Corporation (Connecticut) 
 New Ocean Insurance Co., Ltd. (Bermuda) 
 NIC Investments (Chile) SpA (Chile) 
 Nutmeg Insurance Agency, Inc. (Connecticut) 
 Nutmeg Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 Pacific Insurance Company, Limited (Connecticut) 
 Property and Casualty Insurance Company of Hartford (Indiana) 
 Sentinel Insurance Company, Ltd. (Connecticut) 
 The Navigators Group, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Trumbull Flood Management, L.L.C. (Connecticut) 
 Trumbull Insurance Company (Connecticut) 
 Twin City Fire Insurance Company (Indiana) 
 Y-Risk, LLC (Connecticut) 
 
 235 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 4
 hig12313022-10xkex2301.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.01 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration statements on Form S-3 and Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Form S-3 Registration No. Form S-8 Registration Nos. 333-262879 333-105707 333-49170 333-105706 333-34092 033-80665 333-12563 333-125489 333-157372 333-160173 333-168537 333-197671 333-240245 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 236 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-24.01>
 5
 hig12313022-10xkex2401.htm
 EX-24.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 24.01 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below does hereby make, constitute and appoint BETH A. COSTELLO, DAVID C. ROBINSON, SCOTT R. LEWIS and DONALD C. HUNT, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ), and any and all amendments thereto and other documents in connection therewith, granting to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and requisite to be done in connection with the foregoing, as fully to all intents as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their respective substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof provided, however, that the powers granted herein to each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents shall be effective only upon adoption by the Company s Board of Directors of a resolution approving the form, substance and filing of the Annual Report. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney this 22nd day of February 2023. 
 s Christopher J. Swift s Kathryn A. Mikells Christopher J. Swift Kathryn A. Mikells s Beth A. Costello s Edmund Reese Beth A. Costello Edmund Reese s Scott R. Lewis s Teresa W. Roseborough Scott R. Lewis Teresa W. Roseborough s Larry D. De Shon s Virginia P. Ruesterholz Larry D. De Shon Virginia P. Ruesterholz s Carlos Dominguez s Matthew E. Winter Carlos Dominguez Matthew E. Winter s Trevor Fetter s Greig Woodring Trevor Fetter Greig Woodring s Donna James Donna James 

237 

</EX-24.01>

<EX-31.01>
 6
 hig12313022-10xkex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.01 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ENACTED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christopher J. Swift, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Christopher J. Swift Christopher J. Swift 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

238 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 7
 hig12313022-10xkex3102.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.02 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ENACTED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Beth A. Costello, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Beth A. Costello Beth A. Costello Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 239 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 8
 hig12313022-10xkex3201.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.01 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ENACTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (the Company ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 as enacted by section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Christopher J. Swift Christopher J. Swift 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

240 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 9
 hig12313022-10xkex3202.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.02 
 THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ENACTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (the Company ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 as enacted by section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Beth A. Costello Beth A. Costello Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 241 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hig-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hig-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hig-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hig-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hig-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

