<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1657642_0001437749-23-008206.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17213350</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>337585</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2053134</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6826950</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3458773</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3921818</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-008206.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328163714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-008206
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Skyline Bankshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001657642
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				475486027
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-209052
		FILM NUMBER:		23770108

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 JACKSONVILLE CIRCLE
		CITY:			FLOYD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24091
		BUSINESS PHONE:		540-745-4191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 JACKSONVILLE CIRCLE
		CITY:			FLOYD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24091

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Parkway Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-008206.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 pkkw20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

pkkw20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 SKYLINE BANKSHARES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicated by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. shares of Common Stock as of March 27, 2023 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Number 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 23 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 98 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 98 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 99 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 99 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 99 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 104 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 110 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 112 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 113 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 114 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 115 

i

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

General 
 
 Skyline Bankshares, Inc. (formerly Parkway Acquisition Corp.) (the Company ), is a bank holding company headquartered in Floyd, Virginia. The Company offers a wide range of retail and commercial banking services through its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Skyline National Bank (the Bank ). On January 1, 2023, the Company changed its name from Parkway Acquisition Corp. to Skyline Bankshares, Inc. to align its brand across the entire organization. 
 
 The Company was incorporated as a Virginia corporation on November 2, 2015. The Company was formed as a business combination shell company for the purpose of completing a business combination transaction between Grayson Bankshares, Inc. Grayson and Cardinal Bankshares Corporation Cardinal ). On November 6, 2015, Grayson, Cardinal and the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which Grayson and Cardinal merged with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation (the Cardinal merger ). The merger agreement established exchange ratios under which each share of Grayson common stock was converted to the right to receive 1.76 shares of common stock of the Company, while each share of Cardinal common stock was converted to the right to receive 1.30 shares of common stock of the Company. The exchange ratios resulted in Grayson shareholders receiving approximately 60 of the newly issued shares of the Company and Cardinal shareholders receiving approximately 40 of the newly issued shares of the Company. The Cardinal merger was completed on July 1, 2016. Grayson was considered the acquiror and Cardinal was considered the acquiree in the transaction for accounting purposes. Upon completion of the Cardinal merger, the Bank of Floyd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cardinal, was merged with and into the Bank (formerly Grayson National Bank), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Grayson. Effective March 13, 2017, the Bank changed its name to Skyline National Bank. 
 
 On March 1, 2018, the Company entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired Great State Bank Great State ), based in Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The agreement provided for the merger of Great State with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving bank (the Great State merger ). The transaction closed and the merger became effective on July 1, 2018. Each share of Great State common stock was converted into the right to receive 1.21 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company issued 1,191,899 shares and recognized 15.5 million in surplus in the Great State merger. The Company was considered the acquiror and Great State was considered the acquiree in the transaction for accounting purposes. 
 
 The Bank was organized under the laws of the United States in 1900 and now serves the Virginia counties of Grayson, Floyd, Carroll, Wythe, Pulaski, Montgomery and Roanoke, and the North Carolina counties of Alleghany, Ashe, Burke, Caldwell, Catawba, Cleveland, Davie, Watauga, Wilkes, and Yadkin, and the surrounding areas through twenty five full-service banking offices. As a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC insured national banking association, the Bank is subject to regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC and the FDIC. The Company is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). 

1

Lending Activities 
 
 The Bank s lending services include real estate, commercial, agricultural, and consumer loans. The loan portfolio constituted 83.53 of the interest earning assets of the Bank at December 31, 2022, and has historically produced the highest interest rate spread above the cost of funds. The Bank s loan personnel have the authority to extend credit under guidelines established and approved by the Bank s Board of Directors. The Officers Loan Committee has the authority to approve loans from 1.5 million up to 2.5 million of total indebtedness to a single customer. The Directors Loan Committee has the authority to approve loans from 2.5 million up to 4.0 million of total indebtedness to a single customer. All loans in excess 4.0 million must be presented to the full Board of Directors of the Bank for ultimate approval or denial. 
 
 The Bank has in the past and intends to continue to make most types of real estate loans, including, but not limited to, single and multi-family housing, farm loans, residential and commercial construction loans, and loans for commercial real estate. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 47.49 of the loan portfolio in single and multi-family housing, 34.93 in non-farm, non-residential real estate loans, 3.14 in farm related real estate loans, and 6.59 in real estate construction and development loans. 
 
 The Bank s loan portfolio includes commercial and agricultural production loans totaling 5.23 of the portfolio at December 31, 2022. Consumer and other loans make up approximately 2.62 of the total loan portfolio. Consumer loans include loans for household expenditures, car loans, and other loans to individuals. While this category has historically experienced a greater percentage of charge-offs than the other classifications, the Bank is committed to continue to make this type of loan to fulfill the needs of the Bank s customer base. 
 
 All loans in the Bank s portfolio are subject to risk from the state of the economy in the Bank s service area and also that of the nation. The Bank has used and continues to use conservative loan-to-value ratios and thorough credit evaluation to lessen the risk on all types of loans. The use of conservative appraisals has also reduced exposure on real estate loans. Thorough credit checks and evaluation of past internal credit history has helped reduce the amount of risk related to consumer loans. Government guarantees of loans are used when appropriate, but apply to a minimal percentage of the portfolio. Commercial loans are evaluated by collateral value and ability to service debt. Businesses seeking loans must have a good product line and sales, responsible management, and demonstrated cash flows sufficient to service the debt. 
 
 Investments 
 
 The Bank invests a portion of its assets in U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government agency, and U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise securities, state, county and local obligations, corporate and equity securities. The Bank s investment portfolio is managed in relation to loan demand and deposit growth, and are generally used to provide for the investment of excess funds at reduced yields and risks relative to increases in loan demand or to offset fluctuations in deposits. 
 
 Deposit Activities 
 
 Deposits are the major source of funds for lending and other investment activities. The Bank considers the majority of its regular savings, demand, NOW, money market deposits, individual retirement accounts and certificates of deposit in denominations of 250,000 or less to be core deposits. These accounts comprised approximately 94.86 of the Bank s total deposits at December 31, 2022. Certificates of deposit in excess of the FDIC insured limit of 250,000 represented the remaining 5.14 of deposits at December 31, 2022. 

2

Market Area 
 
 The Bank s primary market area consists of: 

all of Grayson County, Virginia 

all of Floyd County, Virginia 

all of Carroll County, Virginia 

all of Wythe County, Virginia 

all of Pulaski County, Virginia 

all of Montgomery County, Virginia 

portions of Roanoke County, Virginia 

all of Alleghany County, North Carolina 

all of Ashe County, North Carolina 

all of Burke County, North Carolina 

all of Caldwell County, North Carolina 

all of Catawba County, North Carolina 

all of Cleveland County, North Carolina 

all of Davie County, North Carolina 

all of Watauga County, North Carolina 

all of Wilkes County, North Carolina 

all of Yadkin County, North Carolina 

the City of Galax, Virginia 

the City of Radford, Virginia 

the City of Salem, Virginia 

the City of Roanoke, Virginia 

Grayson, Carroll, Alleghany, Ashe, Wilkes, and Yadkin Counties, as well as the City of Galax, are rural in nature and employment in these areas was once dominated by furniture and textile manufacturing. As those industries have declined, employment has shifted to healthcare, retail and service, light manufacturing, tourism, and agriculture. Median household income in these markets ranged from a low of 35,184 in the City of Galax, to a high of 46,954 in Yadkin County, based upon 2020 census data. Montgomery, Pulaski, Floyd, Wythe, Burke, Davie, Caldwell, Catawba, Cleveland and Watauga counties, as well as the City of Radford, while largely rural, are more economically diverse. Montgomery County is home to Virginia Tech, Watauga County is home to Appalachian State University, the City of Radford is home to Radford University, and community colleges are located in both Wythe County and Pulaski County. The university presence has led to the development of several technology related companies in the region. Manufacturing, agriculture, tourism, retail, healthcare and service industries are also prevalent in these markets. The increased economic diversity of these markets is reflected in the median household incomes which range from a low of 34,576 in the City of Radford, to a high of 62,028 in Davie County, according to the 2020 census data. The Bank has a lesser presence in Roanoke County and the Cities of Roanoke and Salem where median household incomes ranged from a low of 45,664 in Roanoke City, to a high of 70,076 in Roanoke County, based on 2020 census data. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Bank encounters strong competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. The deregulation of the banking industry and the widespread enactment of state laws that permit multi-bank holding companies as well as an increasing level of interstate banking have created a highly competitive environment for commercial banking. In one or more aspects of its business, the Bank competes with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking companies, and other financial intermediaries, as well as marketplace lenders and other financial technology firms. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits and may offer certain services that the Bank does not currently provide. In addition, many of the Bank s competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern bank holding companies and federally insured banks. Recent federal and state legislation has heightened the competitive environment in which financial institutions must conduct their business, and the potential for competition among financial institutions of all types has increased significantly. 

3

To compete, the Bank relies upon specialized services, responsive handling of customer needs, and personal contacts by its officers, directors, and staff. Large multi-state banking competitors tend to compete primarily by rate and the number and location of branches, while smaller, independent financial institutions tend to compete primarily by rate and personal service. 
 
 Employees 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 227 total employees representing 223 full time equivalents, none of whom are represented by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. The Company s management considers employee relations to be good. 
 
 Internet Site 
 
 The Company maintains an internet website at www.skylinenationalbank.bank. Shareholders of the Company and the public may access, free of charge, the Company s periodic and current reports (including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports) filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), through the Investor Relations section of the Company s website. The reports are made available on this website as soon as practicable following the filing of the reports with the SEC. The information is free of charge and may be reviewed, downloaded and printed from the website at any time. 
 
 Government Supervision and Regulation 
 
 The Company and the Bank are extensively regulated under federal and state law. The following information describes certain aspects of that regulation applicable to the Company and the Bank and does not purport to be complete. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised in U.S. Congress, in state legislatures, and before the various bank regulatory agencies. The likelihood and timing of any changes and the impact such changes might have on the Company and the Bank are impossible to determine with any certainty. A change in applicable laws or regulations, or a change in the way such laws or regulations are interpreted by regulatory agencies or courts, may have a material impact on the business, operations, and earnings of the Company and the Bank. 
 
 Skyline Bankshares, Inc. (Formerly Known as Parkway Acquisition Corp .) 
 
 The Company is a bank holding company BHC within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ), and is registered as such with the Federal Reserve. As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond and is required to file various reports and additional information with the Federal Reserve. The Company is also registered under the bank holding company laws of Virginia and is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the SCC ). 
 
 Skyline National Bank 
 
 The Bank is a federally chartered national bank. It is subject to federal regulation by the OCC and the FDIC. 
 
 The OCC conducts regular examinations of the Bank, reviewing such matters as the adequacy of loan loss reserves, quality of loans and investments, management practices, compliance with laws, and other aspects of its operations. In addition to these regular examinations, the Bank must furnish the OCC with periodic reports containing a full and accurate statement of its affairs. Supervision, regulation and examination of banks by these agencies are intended primarily for the protection of depositors rather than shareholders. 

4

The regulations of the OCC, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve govern most aspects of the Company s and the Bank s business, including deposit reserve requirements, investments, loans, certain check clearing activities, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, branching, deposit interest rate ceilings, and numerous other matters. The OCC, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve have adopted guidelines and released interpretative materials that establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safe and sound operation of banks and bank holding companies. These standards relate to the institution s key operating functions, including but not limited to capital management, internal controls, internal audit system, information systems and data and cybersecurity, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure and risk management, vendor management, executive management and its compensation, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, liquidity and risk management. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). The Dodd-Frank Act significantly restructured the financial regulatory regime in the United States and continues to have a broad impact on the financial services industry as a result of the significant regulatory and compliance changes required under the act. While significant rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act has occurred, certain of the act s provisions require additional rulemaking by the federal bank regulatory agencies. The Dodd-Frank Act has increased our operations and compliance costs in the short-term; however, the ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act remains dependent on the regulatory environment and future regulatory rulemaking and interpretations. 
 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Economic Growth Act ), was enacted to modify or remove certain regulatory financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. While the Economic Growth Act maintains most of the regulatory structure established by the Dodd-Frank Act, it amends certain aspects of the regulatory framework for small depository institutions with assets of less than 10 billion, such as the Bank, and for large banks with assets of more than 50 billion. 
 
 Among other matters, the Economic Growth Act expands the definition of qualified mortgages which may be held by a financial institution with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion, exempts community banks from the Volcker Rule, and includes additional regulatory relief regarding regulatory examination cycles, call reports, mortgage disclosures and risk weights for certain high-risk commercial real estate loans. 
 
 In addition, the Economic Growth Act simplifies the regulatory capital rules for financial institutions and their holding companies with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion by instructing the federal banking regulators to establish a single Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR of between 8 and 10 percent. On September 17, 2019, the FDIC finalized a rule that introduced the CBLR framework for community banks with a Tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 percent, less than 10 billion in total assets, and limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. The Economic Growth Act also expands the category of holding companies that may rely on the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement (the HC Policy Statement by raising the maximum amount of assets a qualifying holding company may have from 1 billion to 3 billion. This expansion also excludes such holding companies from the minimum capital requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 Deposit Insurance 
 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF up to applicable limits and are subject to FDIC deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA ), as amended by the Federal Deposit Insurance Reform Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, requires the FDIC to set a ratio of deposit insurance reserves to estimated insured deposits of at least 1.35 . The FDIC uses a risk-based system to calculate assessment rates and revised its methodology in April 2016 to calculate assessment rates for banks with under 10 billion in assets based upon certain financial measures of the bank and its supervisory ratings. Initial base assessment rates currently range from 5 to 32 basis points, subject to a decrease for certain unsecured debt. Progressively lower assessment rate schedules will take effect once the reserve ratio reaches 2.0 or greater and again once the reserve ratio reaches 2.5 or greater. 

5

Capital Requirements 
 
 The Federal Reserve, the OCC and the FDIC have issued substantially similar risk-based and leverage capital guidelines applicable to banks and bank holding companies. In addition, those regulatory agencies may from time to time require that a banking organization maintain capital above the minimum levels because of its financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. Pursuant to the HC Policy Statement, qualifying bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of less than 3 billion, such as the Company, are not subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 Federal banking regulators have adopted rules effective January 1, 2015, to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rules required the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 of risk-weighted assets; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 of risk-weighted assets; and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4 of total assets. As fully phased in effective January 1, 2019, these rules require the Bank to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 4.5 common equity Tier 1 ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 ), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0 Tier 1 capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ), (iii) a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0 total capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ), and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets. 
 
 The capital conservation buffer requirement has been phased in beginning January 1, 2016, at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets, increasing by the same amount each year until fully implemented at 2.5 on January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 
 The rules also revised the prompt corrective action framework, which is designed to place restrictions on insured depository institutions if their capital levels begin to show signs of weakness. Under the prompt corrective action requirements, which are designed to complement the capital conservation buffer, insured depository institutions are required to meet the following capital level requirements in order to qualify as well capitalized: a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 ; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8 ; a total capital ratio of 10 ; and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 . 
 
 Based on management s understanding and interpretation of the capital rules, it believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements under such rules on a fully phased-in basis. 
 
 In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms (the standards are commonly referred to as Basel IV ). Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee s standardized approach for credit risk (including by recalibrating risk weights and introducing new capital requirements for certain unconditionally cancellable commitments, such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provide a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. Under the proposed framework, these standards will generally be effective on January 1, 2023, with an aggregate output floor phasing-in through January 1, 2027. Under the current capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to the Company. The impact of Basel IV on the Company and the Bank will depend on the manner in which it is implemented by the federal bank regulatory agencies. 
 
 As directed by the Economic Growth Act, on September 17, 2019, the FDIC finalized a rule that introduces an optional simplified measure of capital adequacy for qualifying community banking organizations (i.e., the community bank leverage ratio CBLR framework). The CBLR framework is designed to reduce burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework. 

6

In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a Tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9.00 , less than 10.0 billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements under the prompt corrective action regulations and will not be required to report or calculated risk-based capital. 
 
 The CBLR framework was available for banks to use in their December 31, 2022, Call Report. At this time the Company has elected not to opt into the CLBR framework for the Bank, but may opt into the CBLR framework in the future. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Company s ability to distribute cash dividends depends primarily on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to it. The Company is a legal entity, separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. A significant portion of the Company s revenues result from dividends paid to it by the Bank. There are various legal limitations applicable to the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company and to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders. As a national bank, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions on its reserves and capital imposed by federal banking statutes and regulations. Under OCC regulations, a national bank may not declare a dividend in excess of its undivided profits. Additionally, a national bank may not declare a dividend if the total amount of all dividends, including the proposed dividend, declared by the national bank in any calendar year exceeds the total of the national bank s retained net income of that year to date, combined with its retained net income of the two preceding years, unless the dividend is approved by the OCC. A national bank may not declare or pay any dividend if, after making the dividend, the national bank would be undercapitalized, as defined in regulations of the OCC. 
 
 In addition, under the current supervisory practices of the Federal Reserve, the Company should inform and consult with its regulators reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period (e.g., quarter) for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the Company s capital structure. 
 
 Permitted Activities 
 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is limited to managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries, and engaging in other activities that the Federal Reserve determines by regulation or order to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In determining whether a particular activity is permissible, the Federal Reserve must consider whether the performance of such an activity reasonably can be expected to produce benefits to the public that outweigh possible adverse effects. Possible benefits include greater convenience, increased competition, and gains in efficiency. Possible adverse effects include undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest, and unsound banking practices. Despite prior approval, the Federal Reserve may order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable cause to believe that a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company may result from such an activity. 
 
 Banking Acquisitions; Changes in Control 
 
 The BHC Act requires, among other things, the prior approval of the Federal Reserve in any case where a bank holding company proposes to (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any bank or bank holding company (unless it already owns a majority of such voting shares), (ii) acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company, or (iii) merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, the Federal Reserve will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition, the projected capital ratios and levels on a post-acquisition basis, and the acquiring institution s performance under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the CRA and its compliance with fair housing and other consumer protection laws. 

7

Subject to certain exceptions, the BHC Act and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with the applicable regulations, require Federal Reserve approval (or, depending on the circumstances, no notice of disapproval) prior to any person or company acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company. A conclusive presumption of control exists if an individual or company acquires the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of an insured depository institution or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of any insured depository institution. A rebuttable presumption of control exists if a person or company acquires 10 or more but less than 25 of any class of voting securities of an insured depository institution and either the institution has registered its securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act or no other person will own a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the acquisition. The Company s common stock currently is not registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 In addition, Virginia law requires the prior approval of the SCC for (i) the acquisition of more than 5 of the voting shares of a Virginia bank or any holding company that controls a Virginia bank, or (ii) the acquisition by a Virginia bank holding company of a bank or its holding company domiciled outside Virginia. 
 
 Source of Strength 
 
 Federal Reserve policy has historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement, the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to provide such resources. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to depositors and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 
 Safety and Soundness 
 
 There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks by law and regulatory policy that are designed to minimize potential loss to the depositors of such depository institutions and the FDIC insurance fund in the event of a depository institution default. For example, under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, to avoid receivership of an insured depository institution subsidiary, a bank holding company is required to guarantee the compliance of any subsidiary bank that may become undercapitalized with the terms of any capital restoration plan filed by such subsidiary with its appropriate federal bank regulatory agency up to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5 of the institution s total assets at the time the institution became undercapitalized or (ii) the amount that is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all applicable capital standards as of the time the institution fails to comply with such capital restoration plan. 
 
 Under the FDIA, the federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards. These guidelines establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and compensation, fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act 
 
 Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), the federal bank regulatory agencies possess broad powers to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured depository institutions. The extent of these powers depends upon whether the institution is well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized, as defined by the law. 

8

Reflecting changes under the Basel III capital requirements, the relevant capital measures that became effective on January 1, 2015 for prompt corrective action are the total capital ratio, the common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, the Tier 1 capital ratio and the leverage ratio. A bank will be (i) well capitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, and a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater, and is not subject to any capital directive order; (ii) adequately capitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, and a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and is not well capitalized (iii) undercapitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8.0 , a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio less than 4.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 or a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 ; (iv) significantly undercapitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio less than 3.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 or a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 ; and (v) critically undercapitalized if the institution s tangible equity is equal to or less than 2.0 of average quarterly tangible assets. An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than indicated by its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. A bank s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying prompt corrective action regulations, and the capital category may not constitute an accurate representation of the bank s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. Management believes, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company met the requirements for being classified as well capitalized. 
 
 As discussed under Capital Requirements above, federal banking regulators have issued a final rule that permits qualifying banks that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets to elect to be subject to a 9 community bank leverage ratio, in which case a bank that has chosen such proposed framework would be considered to have met the capital ratio requirements to be well capitalized under prompt corrective action rules, provided it has a community bank leverage ratio greater than 9 . 
 
 As required by FDICIA, the federal bank regulatory agencies also have adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards relating to, among other things, internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, and interest rate exposure. In general, the guidelines require appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures specified in the guidelines. In addition, the agencies adopted regulations that authorize, but do not require, an institution which has been notified that it is not in compliance with safety and soundness standard to submit a compliance plan. If, after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized institution is subject under the prompt corrective action provisions described above. 
 
 Branching 
 
 The Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, as amended (the Interstate Banking Act ), generally permits well capitalized bank holding companies to acquire banks in any state, and preempts all state laws restricting the ownership by a bank holding company of banks in more than one state. The Interstate Banking Act also permits a bank to merge with an out-of-state bank and convert any offices into branches of the resulting bank if both states have not opted out of interstate branching; and permits a bank to acquire branches from an out-of-state bank if the law of the state where the branches are located permits the interstate branch acquisition. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank holding company or bank must be well capitalized and well managed to engage in an interstate acquisition. Bank holding companies and banks are required to obtain prior Federal Reserve approval to acquire more than 5 of a class of voting securities, or substantially all of the assets, of a bank holding company, bank or savings association. The Interstate Banking Act and the Dodd-Frank Act permit banks to establish and operate de novo interstate branches to the same extent a bank chartered by the host state may establish branches. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 Pursuant to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W, the authority of the Bank to engage in transactions with related parties or affiliates or to make loans to insiders is limited. Loan transactions with an affiliate generally must be collateralized and certain transactions between the Bank and its affiliates, including the sale of assets, the payment of money or the provision of services, must be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank, as those prevailing for comparable nonaffiliated transactions. In addition, the Bank generally may not purchase securities issued or underwritten by affiliates. 

9

Loans to executive officers, directors or to any person who directly or indirectly, or acting through or in concert with one or more persons, owns, controls or has the power to vote more than 10 of any class of voting securities of a bank (a 10 Shareholders ), are subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and their corresponding regulations (Regulation O) and Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act relating to the prohibition on personal loans to executives (which exempts financial institutions in compliance with the insider lending restrictions of Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act). Among other things, these loans must be made on terms substantially the same as those prevailing on transactions made to unaffiliated individuals and certain extensions of credit to those persons must first be approved in advance by a disinterested majority of the entire board of directors. Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act prohibits loans to any of those individuals where the aggregate amount exceeds an amount equal to 15 of an institution s unimpaired capital and surplus plus an additional 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus in the case of loans that are fully secured by readily marketable collateral, or when the aggregate amount on all of the extensions of credit outstanding to all of these persons would exceed the Bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act identifies limited circumstances in which the Bank is permitted to extend credit to executive officers. 
 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 
 The Company is subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern its relationship with its customers. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, laws governing flood insurance, federal and state laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive business practices, foreclosure laws, and various regulations that implement some or all of the foregoing. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans and providing other services. If the Company fails to comply with these laws and regulations, it may be subject to various penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Company may wish to pursue or being prohibited from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection by creating a new agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), and giving it responsibility for implementing, examining, and enforcing compliance with federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB focuses on (i) risks to consumers and compliance with the federal consumer financial laws, (ii) the markets in which firms operate and risks to consumers posed by activities in those markets, (iii) depository institutions that offer a wide variety of consumer financial products and services, and (iv) non-depository companies that offer one or more consumer financial products or services. The CFPB has broad rule making authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks, including, among other things, the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. Abusive acts or practices are defined as those that materially interfere with a consumer s ability to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial product or service or take unreasonable advantage of a consumer s (i) lack of financial savvy, (ii) inability to protect himself in the selection or use of consumer financial products or services, or (iii) reasonable reliance on a covered entity to act in the consumer s interests. The CFPB can issue cease-and-desist orders against banks and other entities that violate consumer financial laws. The CFPB may also institute a civil action against an entity in violation of federal consumer financial law in order to impose a civil penalty or injunction. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The CRA requires the appropriate federal banking agency, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess the bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the bank, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. Furthermore, such assessment is also required of banks that have applied, among other things, to merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets or assume the liabilities of an insured depository institution, or to open or relocate a branch. In the case of a BHC applying for approval to acquire a bank or BHC, the record of each subsidiary bank of the applicant BHC is subject to assessment in considering the application. Under the CRA, institutions are assigned a rating of outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or substantial non-compliance. The Company was rated outstanding in its most recent CRA evaluation. 
 
 In May 2022, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a proposed rule intended to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulatory framework. If implemented, the rule would, among other things, (i) expand access to credit, investment and basic banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking, (iii) provide greater clarity, consistency and transparency in the application of the regulations and (iv) tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, business model, and local conditions. 

10

Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Regulations 
 
 The Bank is subject to several federal laws that are designed to combat money laundering, terrorist financing, and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by U.S. authorities AML laws ). This category of laws includes the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020. The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, the most sweeping anti-money laundering legislation in 20 years, requires various federal agencies to promulgate regulations implementing a number of its provisions. 
 
 The AML laws and their implementing regulations require insured depository institutions, broker-dealers, and certain other financial institutions to have policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing. The AML laws and their regulations also provide for information sharing, subject to conditions, between federal law enforcement agencies and financial institutions, as well as among financial institutions, for counter-terrorism purposes. Federal banking regulators are required, when reviewing bank holding company acquisition and bank merger applications, to take into account the effectiveness of the anti-money laundering activities of the applicants. To comply with these obligations, the Company has implemented appropriate internal practices, procedures, and controls. 
 
 Privacy Legislation 
 
 Several recent laws, including the Right to Financial Privacy Act, and related regulations issued by the federal bank regulatory agencies, also provide new protections against the transfer and use of customer information by financial institutions. A financial institution must provide to its customers information regarding its policies and procedures with respect to the handling of customers personal information. Each institution must conduct an internal risk assessment of its ability to protect customer information. These privacy provisions generally prohibit a financial institution from providing a customer s personal financial information to unaffiliated parties without prior notice and approval from the customer. 
 
 Incentive Compensation 
 
 In June 2010, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of financial institutions do not undermine the safety and soundness of such institutions by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Interagency Guidance on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of a financial institutions, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a financial institution s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the institution s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the financial institution s board of directors. 
 
 The OCC will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of financial institutions, such as the Bank, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews will be tailored to each financial institution based on the scope and complexity of the institution s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the institution s supervisory ratings, which can affect the institution s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a financial institution if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the institution s safety and soundness and the financial institution is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. At December 31, 2022, the Company had not been made aware of any instances of non-compliance with the final guidance. 

11

Cybersecurity 
 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of a financial institution s board of directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial products and services. The federal banking agencies expect financial institutions to establish lines of defense and ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, and also expect financial institutions to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack. If the Bank fails to meet the expectations set forth in this regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory actions and any remediation efforts may require significant resources of the Bank. In addition, all federal and state bank regulatory agencies continue to increase focus on cybersecurity programs and risks as part of regular supervisory exams. 
 
 In November 2021, the federal banking agencies approved a final rule that, among other things, requires banking organizations to notify their primary regulator within 36 hours of becoming aware of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident. The rule also requires bank service providers to notify their banking organization customers as soon as possible after becoming aware of similar incidents. 
 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 
 The Company s operations are affected not only by general economic conditions, but also by the policies of various regulatory authorities. In particular, the Federal Reserve regulates money and credit conditions and interest rates to influence general economic conditions. These policies have a significant impact on overall growth and distribution of loans, investments and deposits; they affect interest rates charged on loans or paid for time and savings deposits. Federal Reserve monetary policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks, including the Company, in the past and are expected to do so in the future. As a result, it is difficult for the Company to predict the potential effects of possible changes in monetary policies upon its future operating results. 
 
 CARES Act 
 
 On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid Relief and Economic Security CARES Act into law. The CARES Act established several new temporary U.S. Small Business Administration SBA loan programs to assist U.S. small businesses through the COVID-19 pandemic. One of the new loan programs is the Small Business Paycheck Protection Program SBA-PPP ), an expansion of the SBA s 7(a) loan program and the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program. Many of the provisions of the CARES Act, including the availability of PPP loans, were renewed or extended by the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act on December 21, 2020. 
 
 The SBA-PPP provides loans to small businesses who were affected by economic conditions as a result of COVID-19 to provide cash-flow assistance to employers who maintain their payroll (including healthcare and certain related expenses), mortgage interest, rent, leases, utilities and interest on existing debt during this emergency. Eligible borrowers need to make a good faith certification that the uncertainty of current economic conditions make requesting assistance necessary to support ongoing operations. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 1106 of the CARES Act, borrowers may apply to the Bank for loan forgiveness of all or a portion of the loan, subject to certain eligibility requirements and conditions. The Bank is an SBA lender and began accepting applications under the CARES Act via its online application process on April 3, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had outstanding seven SBA-PPP loans totaling 71 thousand. 

12

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

Risks Related to Macroeconomic and Political Conditions 
 
 We may be adversely affected by economic conditions in our market area. 
 
 We are located in southwestern Virginia and northwestern North Carolina, and our local economy is heavily influenced by the furniture and textile industries, both of which have been in decline in recent years. Further changes in the economy may influence the growth rate of our loans and deposits, the quality of the loan portfolio and loan and deposit pricing. Higher unemployment rates may lead to future increases in past-due and nonperforming loans thus having a negative impact on the earnings of the Bank. An additional, significant decline in general economic conditions caused by inflation, recession, unemployment or other factors beyond our control, would impact these local economic conditions and the demand for banking products and services generally, which could negatively affect our financial condition and performance. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by changes in market conditions. 

We are directly and indirectly affected by fluctuations in market conditions, which are subject to rapid or unpredictable change. Market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. As a financial institution, market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt and trading account assets and liabilities. A few of the market conditions that may shift from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, equity and futures prices, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of issuers. Our investment securities portfolio, in particular, may be impacted by market conditions beyond our control, including rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults of the issuers of the securities, lack of market pricing of the securities, and inactivity or instability in the credit markets, and changes in market interest rates. Any changes in these conditions, in current accounting principles or interpretations of these principles could have negative impacts on our investment securities portfolio, including on our returns, unrealized gains or unrealized losses, or our assessment of fair value and thus the determination of other-than-temporary impairment, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our net interest income or our results of operations. 
 
 The economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to prevent its spread may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operations. 
 
 Global health and economic concerns relating to the COVID-19 outbreak and government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have significantly disrupted the macroeconomic environment in the United States, and the outbreak significantly increased economic uncertainty. Although the domestic and global economies have largely recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including labor shortages and disruptions of global supply chains. The growth in economic activity and in the demand for goods and services, coupled with labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, has also contributed to rising inflationary pressures and the risk of recession. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic could have long-lasting impacts on consumer behavior and business practices, including on remote work and business travel. 
 
 The extent to which the pandemic impacts our business, liquidity, financial condition and operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, if and when the virus can be fully controlled and abated and the extent of its lasting impacts on economic and operating conditions. The impact of the removal of most pandemic related economic stimulus programs is also unknown. To the extent any of the foregoing risks or other factors that develop as a result of COVID-19 and related economic consequences materialize, it could exacerbate the risk factors discussed above, or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

13

As a participating lender in SBA-PPP loans, the Company and the Bank are subject to additional risks regarding the Bank s processing of SBA-PPP loans and risks that the SBA may not fund some or all SBA-PPP loan guarantees. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed the CARES Act, which included a 349 billion loan program administered through the SBA referred to as SBA-PPP. Under the SBA-PPP, small businesses and other entities and individuals can apply for loans from existing SBA lenders and other approved regulated lenders that enroll in the program, subject to numerous limitations and eligibility criteria. The Bank participated as a lender in the SBA-PPP. The SBA-PPP opened on April 3, 2020; however, because of the short timeframe between the passing of the CARES Act and the opening of the SBA-PPP, there is some ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the SBA-PPP, which exposes us to potential risks relating to noncompliance with the SBA-PPP. Since then, the SBA and the U.S. Department of Treasury have provided additional guidance and clarity on the SBA-PPP through the issuance of over 20 interim final rules implementing the SBA-PPP. On or about April 16, 2020, the SBA notified lenders that the 349 billion earmarked for the SBA-PPP was exhausted. The SBA-PPP was then expanded by the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act in late April 2020, adding an additional 310 billion in funding while the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act made certain changes to the SBA-PPP, by allowing for more time to spend the funds, and making it easier to get a loan fully forgiven. Many of the provisions of the CARES Act, including the availability of SBA-PPP loans, were renewed or extended by the Coronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act on December 21, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we had seven SBA-PPP loans outstanding with an outstanding principal balance of 79 thousand, less unearned net fees of 8 thousand. 
 
 Since the initiation of the SBA-PPP, several larger banks have been subject to litigation regarding the protocols and procedures that they used in processing applications for the SBA-PPP. We may be exposed to the risk of similar litigation, from both customers and non-customers that approached us regarding the SBA-PPP loans, regarding our policies and procedures used in processing applications for the SBA-PPP. If any such litigation is filed against the Company or the Bank and is not resolved in a manner favorable to us, it could result in financial liability or adversely affect our reputation. In addition, litigation can be costly regardless of outcome. Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputation damage caused by SBA-PPP related litigation could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Credit Risks 
 
 Our concentration in loans secured by real estate may increase our credit losses, which would negatively affect our financial results. 
 
 We offer a variety of secured loans, including commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, real estate, construction, home equity, consumer and other loans. Many of our loans are secured by real estate (both residential and commercial) in our market area. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 695.6 million of such loans outstanding, or 92.15 of its total loans. A major change in the real estate market, such as deterioration in the value of this collateral, or in the local or national economy, could adversely affect our customers ability to pay these loans, which in turn could impact us. Risk of loan defaults and foreclosures are unavoidable in the banking industry, and we try to limit our exposure to this risk by monitoring our extensions of credit carefully. We cannot fully eliminate credit risk, and as a result credit losses may occur in the future. 

14

Should our loan quality deteriorate, and our allowance for loan losses becomes inadequate, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our earnings are significantly affected by our ability to properly originate, underwrite and service loans. In addition, we maintain an allowance for loan losses that we believe is a reasonable estimate of known and inherent losses within our loan portfolio. We could sustain losses if we incorrectly assess the creditworthiness of our borrowers or fail to detect or respond to deterioration in asset quality in a timely manner. Through a periodic review and consideration of the loan portfolio, management determines the amount of the allowance for loan losses by considering general market conditions, credit quality of the loan portfolio, the collateral supporting the loans and performance of customers relative to their financial obligations. 
 
 The amount of future loan losses will be influenced by changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, which may be beyond our control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. Although we believe the allowance for loan losses is a reasonable estimate of known and inherent losses in the loan portfolio, we cannot precisely predict such losses or be certain that the loan loss allowance will be adequate in the future. While the risk of nonpayment is inherent in banking, we could experience greater nonpayment levels than we anticipate. Further deterioration in the quality of our loan portfolio could cause our interest income and net interest margin to decrease and our provisions for loan losses to increase further, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Federal and state regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Any increase in the amount of the provision or loans charged-off as required by these regulatory agencies could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our small-to-medium sized business target market may have fewer financial resources to weather a downturn in the economy. 
 
 We target our business development and marketing strategy primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small and medium sized businesses. These businesses generally have less capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. If general economic conditions adversely affect this major economic sector in our markets, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Liquidity and Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our ability to maintain adequate sources of liquidity may be negatively impacted by the economic environment which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In managing our consolidated balance sheet, we depend on cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, loan and investment security payments, core deposits, lines of credit with correspondent banks and lines of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank to provide sufficient liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs, and to accommodate the transaction and cash management needs of clients. Deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including interest rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, returns available to customers on alternative investments, changes in the liquidity needs of our depositors and general economic conditions that affect savings levels and the amount of liquidity in the economy, including government stimulus efforts in response to economic crises. If market interest rates rise or our competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Further, the availability of these funding sources is highly dependent upon the perception of the liquidity and creditworthiness of the financial institution, and such perception can change quickly in response to market conditions or circumstances unique to a particular company. Any event that limits our access to these sources, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, or our depositors or counterparties, may adversely affect our liquidity, financial position, and results of operations. 
 
 We may incur losses if we are unable to successfully manage interest rate risk. 
 
 Our profitability will depend in substantial part upon the spread between the interest rates earned on investments and loans and interest rates paid on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, will affect our operating performance and financial condition in diverse ways including the pricing of securities, loans and deposits and the volume of loan originations in our mortgage-origination office. We attempt to minimize our exposure to interest rate risk, but we will be unable to eliminate it. Our net interest spread will depend on many factors that are partly or entirely outside our control, including competition, federal economic, monetary and fiscal policies, and economic conditions generally. 
 
 In addition, changes in interest rates may negatively affect both the returns on and market value of our investment securities. As we experienced due to rising interest rates in 2022, interest rate changes can reduce unrealized gains or increase unrealized losses in our portfolio and thereby negatively impact our accumulated other comprehensive income and equity levels. Further, such losses could be realized into earnings should liquidity and/or business strategy necessitate the sales of securities in a loss position. Additionally, actual investment income and cash flows from investment securities that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed securities and callable securities, may materially differ from those anticipated at the time of investment or subsequently as a result of changes in interest rates and market conditions. These occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our net interest income or our results of operations. 

15

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 Our future success is dependent on our ability to compete effectively in the highly competitive banking industry. 
 
 We face vigorous competition from other banks and other financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, savings banks, finance companies and credit unions for deposits, loans and other financial services in our market area. A number of these banks and other financial institutions are significantly larger than we are and have substantially greater access to capital and other resources, as well as larger lending limits and branch systems, and offer a wider array of banking services. In addition, credit unions have been able to increasingly expand their membership definition and, because they enjoy a favorable tax status, may be able to offer more attractive loan and deposit pricing. To a limited extent, we also compete with other providers of financial services, such as money market mutual funds, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, marketplace lenders and other financial technology firms, insurance companies and governmental organizations which may offer more favorable financing than we can. Many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern us. As a result, these non-bank competitors have advantages over us in providing certain services. This competition may reduce or limit our margins and our market share and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to operate profitably may be dependent on our ability to implement various technologies into our operations. 
 
 The market for financial services, including banking and consumer finance services, is increasingly affected by advances in technology, including developments in telecommunications, data processing, computers, automation, online banking and tele-banking. The pace of technological change has increased in the "fintech" environment, in which industry-changing technology-driven products and services are often introduced and adopted, including innovative ways that customers can make payments, access products, and manage accounts. Our ability to compete successfully in our market may depend on the extent to which we are able to exploit such technological changes. If we are not able to afford such technologies, properly or timely anticipate or implement such technologies, or effectively train our staff to use such technologies, our business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions . 
 
 Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks. The activity and prominence of so-called marketplace lenders and other technological financial service companies have grown significantly over recent years and are expected to continue growing. In addition, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or general-purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Consumers can also complete transactions, such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. If we are unable to address the competitive pressures that we face, we could lose market share, which could result in reduced net revenue and profitability and lower returns. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our exposure to operational risk may adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. Reputational risk, or the risk to our earnings and capital from negative public opinion, could result from our actual alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance, regulatory compliance or the occurrence of any of the events or instances mentioned below, or from actions taken by government regulators or community organizations in response to that conduct. Negative public opinion could also result from adverse news or publicity that impairs the reputation of the financial services industry generally. 

16

Further, if any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be adversely affected. We depend on internal systems and outsourced technology to support these data storage and processing operations. Our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of our business operations. We could be adversely affected if one of our employees causes a significant operational break-down or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates our operations or systems. We are also at risk of the impact of business disruptions resulting from natural disasters, pandemic, terrorism and international hostilities, including effects on our workforce or systems or for the effects of outages or other failures involving power or communications systems operated by others. 
 
 Misconduct by employees could include fraudulent, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of clients or improper use of confidential information. We may not be able to prevent employee errors or misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect this type of activity might not be effective in all cases. Employee errors or misconduct could subject us to civil claims for negligence or regulatory enforcement actions, including fines and restrictions on our business. In addition, there have been instances where financial institutions have been victims of fraudulent activity in which criminals pose as customers to initiate wire and automated clearinghouse transactions out of customer accounts. Although we have policies and procedures in place to verify the authenticity of our customers, we cannot assure that such policies and procedures will prevent all fraudulent transfers. Such activity can result in financial liability and harm to our reputation. 
 
 If any of the foregoing risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Natural disasters, severe weather events, acts of war or terrorism, pandemics or endemics, climate change and other external events could significantly impact our business. 
 
 Natural disasters, including severe weather events of increasing strength and frequency due to climate change, acts of war or terrorism, pandemics or endemics and other adverse external events could have a significant adverse impact on business operations of the Company, third parties who perform operational services for the Company or the Company s borrowers and customers. Such events could affect the stability of the Company s deposit base, create economic or market uncertainty, negatively impact consumer confidence, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in lost revenue or cause the Company to incur additional expenses. Although the Company s management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our operations depend upon third party vendors that perform services for us. 
 
 We are reliant upon certain external vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain our day-to-day operations, including data processing and interchange and transmission services for the ATM network. Accordingly, our success depends on the services provided by these vendors, and our operations are exposed to risk that these vendors will not perform in accordance with the contracted service agreements. Although we maintain a system of policies and procedures designed to monitor and mitigate vendor risks, the failure of an external vendor to perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements under service agreements could disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our operations may be adversely affected by cybersecurity risks. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data, including proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in systems and on networks. The secure processing, maintenance and use of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. We have invested in accepted technologies and review processes and practices that are designed to protect our networks, computers and data from damage or unauthorized access. Despite these security measures, our computer systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. The Bank has experienced fraudulent online banking enrollments to gain access to home equity lines of credit in the past. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by the Bank and its customers. A breach of any kind could compromise systems and the information stored there could be accessed, damaged or disclosed. A breach in security could result in legal claims, regulatory penalties, reimbursement of fraudulent transfers, disruption in operations and damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 

17

Our inability to successfully manage growth or implement our growth strategy may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A key aspect of our long-term business strategy is our continued growth and expansion. We may not be able to successfully implement this strategy if we are unable to identify attractive expansion locations or opportunities in the future. In addition, our successful implementation and management of growth will be contingent upon whether we can maintain appropriate levels of capital to support our growth, maintain control over expenses, maintain adequate asset quality, attract talented bankers and successfully integrate into the organization any branches or businesses acquired. As we continue to implement our growth strategy, we expect to incur increased personnel, occupancy and other operating expenses. In many cases, our expenses will increase prior to the income we expect to generate from the growth. For instance, in the case of new branches, we must absorb these expenses prior to or as we begin to generate new deposits, and there is a further time lag involved in redeploying the new deposits into attractively priced loans and other higher yielding earning assets. Thus, our plans to branch or expand loan or mortgage operations could depress earnings in the short run, even if we are able to efficiently execute our strategy. 
 
 In addition, our business strategy involves branch expansion in North Carolina, with several branches opening in new markets in western North Carolina in 2020 and 2022. The banking business in western North Carolina is competitive, and the level of competition may increase further. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully compete in this competitive market, or that we will be able to successfully manage additional growth in western North Carolina. Because of our limited participation in these new markets, there may be unexpected challenges and difficulties that could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment 
 
 An inability to maintain our regulatory capital position could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was classified as well capitalized for regulatory capital purposes. If we do not maintain the expected levels of regulatory capital in the future, it could increase the regulatory scrutiny on the Company and the Bank, and the OCC could establish individual minimum capital ratios or take other regulatory actions against us. Further, if the Bank were no longer well capitalized for regulatory capital purposes, it would not be able to offer interest rates on deposit accounts that are significantly higher than the average rates in its market area. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to increase deposits. If we are not able to attract new deposits, our ability to fund our loan portfolio may be adversely affected. In addition, the Bank is subject to a capital conservation buffer designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum capital requirements but below the conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. We also could be required to pay higher insurance premiums to the FDIC if our capital position declines, which would reduce our earnings. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition. 
 
 Our profitability may suffer because of rapid and unpredictable changes in the highly regulated environment in which we operate. 
 
 We are subject to extensive supervision by several governmental regulatory agencies at the federal and state levels. Recently enacted, proposed and future banking legislation and regulations have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on the financial services industry. These regulations, which are intended to protect depositors and not our shareholders, and the interpretation and application of them by federal and state regulators, are beyond our control, may change rapidly and unpredictably and can be expected to influence our earnings and growth. Our success depends on our continued ability to comply with these regulations. 

18

We are subject to stringent capital requirements, which could adversely affect our results of operations and future growth. 
 
 In 2013, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC approved a new rule that substantially amended the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to us. The final rule implemented the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule included new minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios that became effective for us on January 1, 2015, and refined the definition of what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating these ratios. These minimum capital requirements are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 ; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 ; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . The final rule also established a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the new regulatory minimum capital ratios, and when fully effective on January 1, 2019, resulted in the following minimum ratios: (a) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 ; (b) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5 ; and (c) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such activities. In addition, the final rule provides for a number of new deductions from and adjustments to capital and prescribes a revised approach for risk weightings that could result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. 
 
 While the Economic Growth Act provided some relief through the establishment of a simplified leverage capital framework for smaller banks, these more stringent capital requirements for us could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, adversely affect our future growth opportunities, and result in regulatory actions such as a prohibition on the payment of dividends or on the repurchase shares if we were unable to comply with such requirements. 
 
 Government measures to regulate the financial industry could materially affect our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 As a financial institution, we are heavily regulated at the state and federal levels. Banking regulations generally are intended to protect depositors, not investors, and regulators have broad interpretive and enforcement powers beyond our control that may change rapidly and unpredictably and could influence our earnings and growth. Our success depends on our continued ability to comply with these regulations. Future changes in the laws or regulations or their interpretations or enforcement could be materially adverse to us and our shareholders. 
 
 Further, as a result of the financial crisis and related global economic downturn that began in 2008, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, increased public and legislative scrutiny as well as stricter and more comprehensive regulation of our financial services practices. In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law and has increased our compliance costs in the short term. We expect that financial institutions will remain heavily regulated in the near future and that additional laws or regulations may be adopted further regulating specific banking practices. The ultimate impact of current or future legislation on our businesses and results of operations, will depend on regulatory interpretation and rulemaking, as well as the success of our actions to mitigate the negative earnings impact of certain provisions. 
 
 The Bank may be required to transition from the use of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR index in the future. 
 
 The Bank has certain variable-rate loans indexed to LIBOR to calculate the loan interest rate. In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority announced that after 2021 it would no longer compel banks to submit the rates required to calculate LIBOR. In November 2020, the administrator of LIBOR announced it will consult on its intention to extend the retirement date of certain offered rates whereby the publication of the one-week and two-month LIBOR offered rates will cease after December 31, 2021, but the publication of the remaining LIBOR offered rates will continue until June 30, 2023. Given consumer protection, litigation, and reputation risks, federal bank regulators have indicated that entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021 would create safety and soundness risks and that they will examine bank practices accordingly. Therefore, the agencies encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021. Regulators, industry groups, and certain committees (e.g., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee) have, among other things, published recommended fall-back language for LIBOR-linked financial instruments, identified recommended alternatives for certain LIBOR rates (e.g., SOFR, as the recommended alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR), and proposed implementations of the recommended alternatives in floating rate instruments. 

19

The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act ), enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallbacks. Although governmental authorities have endeavored to facilitate an orderly discontinuation of LIBOR, no assurance can be provided that this aim will be achieved or that the use, level, and volatility of LIBOR or other interest rates or the value of LIBOR-based securities will not be adversely affected. For example, SOFR is a relatively new reference rate, has a very limited history, and differs fundamentally from U.S. Dollar LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, whereas U.S. Dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. Dollar LIBOR would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for U.S. Dollar LIBOR. 
 
 The transition to alternative reference rate for new contracts, or the implementation of a substitute index or indices for the calculation of interest rates under the Bank s existing loan agreements with borrowers or other financial arrangements, could change the Bank s market risk profile, interest margin, interest spread and pricing models, may cause the Bank to incur significant expenses in effecting the transition, may result in reduced loan balances if borrowers do not accept a substitute index or indices, and may result in disputes or litigation with customers or other counter-parties over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the substitute index or indices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank s results of operations. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings and capital. 
 
 The authorities that promulgate accounting standards, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), the SEC, and other regulatory authorities, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. These changes are difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of financial statements for prior periods. Such changes could also impact the capital levels of the Company and the Bank, or require the Company to incur additional personnel or technology costs. Most notably, new guidance on the calculation of credit reserves using current expected credit losses, referred to as CECL, was finalized in June, 2016. The CECL model will estimate lifetime "expected credit losses" and record an allowance that, when deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial assets, presents the net amount expected to be collected on the financial assets. The CECL framework is expected to result in earlier recognition of credit losses and is expected to be significantly influenced by the composition, characteristics and quality of the Company's loan portfolio, as well as the prevailing economic conditions and forecasts. The Company will initially apply the impact of the new guidance through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the year of adoption, which, for the Company, is January 1, 2023. Future adjustments to credit loss expectations will be recorded through the income statement as charges or credits to earnings. The Company has substantially completed its CECL model and continues to make enhancements to its estimate of expected credit losses as of January 1, 2023 based on internal analysis and consultations with third-party vendors. At this time the company expects its allowance for loan losses will decrease to 6.1 million upon adoption compared to its allowance for loan losses of 6.3 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company expects to recognize a liability for unfunded commitments of approximately 286 thousand upon adoption. The impact of the initial adoption will be reflected in the Company s financial statements included in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2023. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance ESG practices may impose additional costs on the Company or expose it to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds, and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to climate risk, hiring practices, the diversity of the work force, and racial and social justice issues. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to the Company s overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact the Company s reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and the Company s stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 
 Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may result in operational changes and expenditures that could significantly impact the Company s business. 
 
 The current and anticipated effects of climate change are creating an increasing level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, political and social attention to the issue of climate change has increased. Federal and state legislatures and regulatory agencies have continued to propose and advance numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change. The federal banking agencies have emphasized that climate-related risks are faced by banking organizations of all types and sizes and are in the process of enhancing supervisory expectations regarding banks risk management practices. In December 2021, the OCC published proposed principles for climate risk management by banking organizations with more than 100 billion in assets. The OCC also has appointed its first ever Climate Change Risk Officer and established an internal climate risk implementation committee in order to assist with these initiatives and to support the agency s efforts to enhance its supervision of climate change risk management. Similar and even more expansive initiatives are expected, including potentially increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks risk management practices, accounting for the effects of climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments, revising expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors and encouraging investment by banks in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change. To the extent that these initiatives lead to the promulgation of new regulations or supervisory guidance applicable to the Company, the Company would likely experience increased compliance costs and other compliance-related risks. 
 
 The lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change render it impossible to predict how specifically climate change may impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations; however, the physical effects of climate change may also directly impact the Company. Specifically, unpredictable and more frequent weather disasters may adversely impact the value of real property securing the loans in the Bank s loan portfolio. Additionally, if insurance obtained by borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, or if insurance coverage is otherwise unavailable to borrowers, the collateral securing loans may be negatively impacted by climate change, which could impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Further, the effects of climate change may negatively impact regional and local economic activity, which could lead to an adverse effect on customers and impact the communities in which the Company operates. Overall, climate change, its effects and the resulting, unknown impact could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

20

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

The Company is headquartered at 101 Jacksonville Circle, Floyd, Virginia. The Bank is headquartered in the Main Office at 113 West Main Street, Independence, Virginia. The Bank operates branches at the following locations, all of which are owned by the Bank, except for the offices in Boone, Mocksville, and Willis, which are leased facilities: 

East Independence Office 802 East Main St., Independence, VA 
 
 276-773-2821 
 
 Full service 

Elk Creek Office 60 Comers Rock Rd., Elk Creek, VA 
 
 276-655-4011 
 
 Full service 

Galax Office 209 West Grayson St., Galax, VA 
 
 276-238-2411 
 
 Full service 

Troutdale Office 101 Ripshin Rd., Troutdale, VA 
 
 276-677-3722 
 
 Full service 

Carroll Office 8351 Carrollton Pike, Galax, VA 
 
 276-238-8112 
 
 Full service 

Sparta Office 98 South Grayson Street, Sparta NC 
 
 336-372-2811 
 
 Full service 

Hillsville Office 419 South Main Street, Hillsville, VA 
 
 276-728-2810 
 
 Full service 

Whitetop Office 16303 Highlands Parkway, Whitetop, VA 
 
 276-388-3811 
 
 Full service 

Wytheville Office 420 North 4 th Street, Wytheville, VA 
 
 276-228-6050 
 
 Full service 

Floyd Office - 101 Jacksonville Circle, Floyd, VA 
 
 540-745-4191 
 
 Full service 

Cave Spring Office - 4094 Postal Drive, Roanoke, VA 
 
 540-774-1111 
 
 Full service 

Christiansburg Office 2681 Market Street NE, Christiansburg, VA 
 
 540-381-8121 
 
 Full service 

Fairlawn Office - 7349 Peppers Ferry Blvd., Radford, VA 
 
 540-633-1680 
 
 Full service 

Roanoke Office 3850 Keagy Rd., Roanoke, VA 
 
 540-387-4533 
 
 Full service 

West Jefferson Office 1055 Mount Jefferson Road, West Jefferson, NC 
 
 336-489-7811 
 
 Full service 

Boone Office 189 Boone Heights Drive, Boone, NC 
 
 828-264-4260 
 
 Full service 

Wilkesboro Office 1422 US Highway 421, Wilkesboro, NC 
 
 336-903-4948 
 
 Full service 

Yadkinville Office 532 East Main Street, Yadkinville, NC 
 
 336-849-4194 
 
 Full service 

Mocksville Office 119 Gaither Street, Mocksville, NC 
 
 336-477-7010 
 
 Full service 

Lenoir Office 509 Wilkesboro Blvd. NE, Lenoir, NC 
 
 828-750-6100 
 
 Full service 

Hickory Mountain View Office 2900 Hwy 127 South, Hickory, NC 
 
 828-578-7400 
 
 Full service 

Hudson Office 537 Main Street, Hudson, NC 
 
 828-750-6076 
 
 Full service 

Hickory Viewmont Office 1625 North Center Street, Hickory, NC 
 
 828-578-7499 
 
 Full service 

Willis Office - 5598 B Floyd Highway South, Willis, VA 
 
 540-745-4191 
 
 Limited service/conducts normal teller transactions 

The Bank has a conference center located at 203 E. Oxford Street, Floyd, Virginia, which is used for various board and committee meetings, as well as continuing education and training programs for bank employees. The Bank owns an operations center adjacent to the main office in Independence, Virginia. The Bank also leases an administrative office in the town of Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The Bank purchased an existing vacant building in Blacksburg, Virginia in August of 2021. The Bank is currently renovating the building and anticipates opening this building as a full service branch facility in the second quarter of 2023. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which the Company is a party or of which any of its property is subject. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

21

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchasers of Equity Securities. 

The Company s common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Group s OTCQX tier under the symbol PKKW. As of March 27, 2023, there were 5,607,416 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding, held by 1,334 shareholders of record. 
 
 The Company s common stock began quotation on the OTC Market on or about August 31, 2016, before which there was no trading market and no market price for the Company s common stock. Any over-the-counter market quotations in the Company s common stock reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The Company was incorporated under Virginia law on November 2, 2015, solely to facilitate the merger between Cardinal and Grayson that was completed on July 1, 2016. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 The Company historically has paid dividends on its common stock on a semi-annual basis. The final determination of the timing, amount and payment of dividends on the Company s common stock is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will depend upon the earnings of the Company and its subsidiaries, principally the Bank, the financial condition of the Company and other factors, including general economic conditions and applicable governmental regulations and policies as discussed in Item 1., Business Government Supervision and Regulation Dividends, above. 
 
 The Company s ability to distribute cash dividends will depend primarily on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to it. As a national bank, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions on our reserves and capital imposed by federal banking statutes and regulations. Furthermore, under Virginia law, the Company may not declare or pay a cash dividend on its capital stock if it is insolvent or if the payment of the dividend would render it insolvent or unable to pay its obligations as they become due in the ordinary course of business. For additional information on these limitations, see Item 1., Business Government Supervision and Regulation Dividends, above. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table summarizes information, as of December 31, 2022, relating to the Company s stock-based compensation plans under which shares of common stock are authorized for issuance. During 2022, 14,500 restricted stock awards were issued and 8,700 stock awards were issued. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of Shares To Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders: 

2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

- 

- 

253,600 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders (1) 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

253,600 

_______________ 

(1) The Company does not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by shareholders. 

22

Stock Repurchases 
 
 In January 2019, the Board of Directors Board of the Company approved a stock repurchase plan. The Board has authorized an initial repurchase of up to 200,000 shares of its common stock from time to time for a period of two years ending in January 2021. In May 2020 the Board amended the plan to increase the shares by 150,000, bringing the aggregate total to 350,000 shares of common stock. In January 2021, the Board authorized the extension of the plan to January 2023. In January 2023, the Board authorized the extension of the 91,325 shares remaining in the plan to January 2025. The Company intends to purchase shares periodically through privately negotiated transactions or in the open market in accordance with SEC rules. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the plan will be determined by management in its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the shares, general market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and other conditions. During 2021, we repurchased 79,175 shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program at an average cost per share of 12.07 and a total cost of 956 thousand. During 2022, we repurchased 12,000 shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program at an average cost per share of 12.85 and a total cost of 154 thousand. 
 
 The following table details the Company s purchase of its common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per Share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program 

Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan 

Purchased 10/1 through 10/31 

- 

- 

- 

91,325 

Purchased 11/1 through 11/30 

- 

- 

- 

91,325 

Purchased 12/1 through 12/31 

- 

- 

- 

91,325 

Total 

- 

- 

- 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

23

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis is provided to assist in the understanding and evaluation of Skyline Bankshares, Inc s. financial condition and its results of operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Skyline Bankshares, Inc. (formerly Parkway Acquisition Corp.) (the Company ), is a bank holding company headquartered in Floyd, Virginia. The Company offers a wide range of retail and commercial banking services through its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Skyline National Bank (the Bank ). On January 1, 2023, the Company changed its name from Parkway Acquisition Corp. to Skyline Bankshares, Inc. to align its brand across the entire organization. 
 
 The Company was incorporated as a Virginia corporation on November 2, 2015. The Company was formed as a business combination shell company for the purpose of completing a business combination transaction between Grayson Bankshares, Inc. Grayson and Cardinal Bankshares Corporation Cardinal ). On November 6, 2015, Grayson, Cardinal and the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which Grayson and Cardinal merged with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation (the Cardinal merger ). The merger agreement established exchange ratios under which each share of Grayson common stock was converted to the right to receive 1.76 shares of common stock of the Company, while each share of Cardinal common stock was converted to the right to receive 1.30 shares of common stock of the Company. The exchange ratios resulted in Grayson shareholders receiving approximately 60 of the newly issued shares of the Company and Cardinal shareholders receiving approximately 40 of the newly issued shares of the Company. The Cardinal merger was completed on July 1, 2016. Grayson was considered the acquiror and Cardinal was considered the acquiree in the transaction for accounting purposes. Upon completion of the Cardinal merger, the Bank of Floyd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cardinal, was merged with and into the Bank (formerly Grayson National Bank), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Grayson. Effective March 13, 2017, the Bank changed its name to Skyline National Bank. 
 
 On March 1, 2018, the Company entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired Great State Bank Great State ), based in Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The agreement provided for the merger of Great State with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving bank (the Great State merger ). The transaction closed and the merger became effective on July 1, 2018. Each share of Great State common stock was converted into the right to receive 1.21 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company issued 1,191,899 shares and recognized 15.5 million in surplus in the Great State merger. The Company was considered the acquiror and Great State was considered the acquiree in the transaction for accounting purposes. 
 
 The Bank was organized under the laws of the United States in 1900 and now serves the Virginia counties of Grayson, Floyd, Carroll, Wythe, Montgomery and Roanoke, and the North Carolina counties of Alleghany, Ashe, Burke, Caldwell, Catawba, Cleveland, Davie, Watauga, Wilkes, and Yadkin, and the surrounding areas, through twenty-five full-service banking offices. As a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured national banking association, the Bank is subject to regulation by the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC. The Company is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 The Company had net earnings of 10.3 million for 2022 compared to 9.5 million for 2021. Our strong financial performance in 2022 can be attributed in part to our team s efforts that resulted in solid growth in the Bank s core loan portfolio of 97.1 million, or 14.84 , during 2022. Earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022 represented a return on average assets of 1.01 and a return on average equity of 13.35 , compared to 1.01 and 10.98 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net interest margin was 3.68 in 2022, compared to 3.74 in 2021. As we look to 2023, competition for deposits has led to increased interest expense in recent months and we expect this trend to continue throughout 2023, and because of this we expect to see some near-term pressure on our net interest margin. The lagging effect of historic interest rate increases and continued inflationary pressures are also likely to dampen the overall economic activity in 2023 and may impact our operating costs. 

24

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 From time to time, the Company and its senior managers have made and will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be contained in this report and in other documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such statements may also be made by the Company and its senior managers in oral or written presentations to analysts, investors, the media and others. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Also, forward-looking statements can generally be identified by words such as may, could, should, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, seek, expect, intend, plan and similar expressions. 
 
 Forward-looking statements provide management s expectations or predictions of future conditions, events or results. They are not guarantees of future performance. By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements were made. There are a number of factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control that could cause actual conditions, events or results to differ significantly from those described in the forward-looking statements. These factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this report, include: 

any required increase in our regulatory capital ratios; 

inflation, interest rate levels and market and monetary fluctuations; 

the difficult market conditions in our industry; 

trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the federal government; 

applicable laws and regulations and legislative or regulatory changes; 

the timely development and acceptance of new products and services of the Company; 

the willingness of customers to substitute competitors products and services for the Company s products and services; 

the financial condition of the Company s borrowers and lenders; 

the Company s success in gaining regulatory approvals, when required; 

technological and management changes; 

the Company s ability to implement its growth and acquisition strategies; 

the Company s critical accounting policies and the implementation of such policies; 

lower-than-expected revenue or cost savings or other issues in connection with mergers and acquisitions and branch expansion; 

changes in consumer spending and saving habits; 

deposit flows; 

the strength of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which the Company conducts its operations; 

the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Company s credit quality and business operations, as well as its impact on general economic and financial market conditions; 

geopolitical conditions, including acts or threats of terrorism, international hostilities, or actions taken by the U.S. or other governments in response to acts or threats of terrorism and/or military conflicts, which could impact business and economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad; 

the Company s potential exposure to fraud, negligence, computer theft, and cyber-crime; 

the Company s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing; and, 

other factors identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors above. 

25

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The Company s financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The notes to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 contain a summary of its significant accounting policies. Management believes the Company s policies with respect to the methodology for the determination of the allowance for loan losses, and asset impairment judgments, such as the recoverability of intangible assets and other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities, involve a higher degree of complexity and require management to make difficult and subjective judgments that often require assumptions or estimates about highly uncertain matters. Accordingly, management considers the policies related to those areas as critical. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is an estimate of the losses that may be sustained in the loan portfolio. The allowance is based on two basic principles of accounting: the first of which requires that losses be accrued when they are probable of occurring and estimable, and the second, which requires that losses be accrued based on the differences between the value of collateral, present value of future cash flows or values that are observable in the secondary market, and the loan balance. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses has three basic components: i the formula allowance, ii the specific allowance, and iii the unallocated allowance. Each of these components is determined based upon estimates that can and do change when the actual events occur. The formula allowance uses a historical loss view as an indicator of future losses and, as a result, could differ from the loss incurred in the future. However, since this history is updated with the most recent loss information, the errors that might otherwise occur are mitigated. The specific allowance uses various techniques to arrive at an estimate of loss. Historical loss information, expected cash flows and fair market value of collateral are used to estimate these losses. The use of these techniques is inherently subjective and our actual losses could be greater or less than the estimates. The unallocated allowance captures losses that are attributable to various economic events, industry or geographic sectors whose impact on the portfolio have occurred but have yet to be recognized in either the formula or specific allowance. 

26

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 1. Net Interest Income and Average Balances (dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Interest 

Interest 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Balance 

Expense 

Cost 

Balance 

Expense 

Cost 

Interest-earning assets: 

Interest-bearing deposits 

55,635 

788 

1.42 

44,227 

88 

0.20 

Federal funds sold 

8,307 

29 

0.35 

37,365 

44 

0.12 

Investment securities 

159,196 

3,063 

1.92 

96,020 

1,535 

1.60 

Loans 1, 2 

717,326 

32,687 

4.56 

687,587 

33,089 

4.81 

Total 

940,464 

36,567 

865,199 

34,756 

Yield on average interest-earning assets 

3.89 

4.02 

Non interest-earning assets: 

Cash and due from banks 

18,992 

12,634 

Premises and equipment 

32,261 

28,342 

Interest receivable and other 

46,775 

39,299 

Allowance for loan losses 

(5,985) 

(5,296) 

Unrealized gain/(loss) on securities 

(17,028) 

(569) 

Total 

75,015 

74,410 

Total assets 

1,015,479 

939,609 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

242,751 

365 

0.15 

197,835 

298 

0.15 

Savings deposits 

195,976 

196 

0.10 

172,847 

198 

0.11 

Time deposits 

179,839 

1,181 

0.66 

195,008 

1,847 

0.95 

Borrowings 

4,188 

188 

4.49 

9,862 

86 

0.87 

Total 

622,754 

1,930 

575,552 

2,429 

Cost on average interest-bearing liabilities 

0.31 

0.42 

Non interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

311,032 

273,393 

Interest payable and other 

4,663 

4,298 

Total 

315,695 

277,691 

Total liabilities 

938,449 

853,243 

Stockholder's equity: 

77,030 

86,366 

Total liabilities and stockholder's equity 

1,015,479 

939,609 

Net interest income 

34,637 

32,327 

Net yield on interest-earning assets 

3.68 

3.74 

1 Includes nonaccural loans 

2 Interest income includes loan fees 

27

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 2. Rate/Volume Variance Analysis (dollars in thousands) 

2022 Compared to 2021 

2021 Compared to 2020 

Interest Income/ 

Variance Attributable To (1) 

Interest Income/ 

Variance Attributable To (1) 

Expense Variance 

Rate 

Volume 

Expense Variance 

Rate 

Volume 

Interest-earning assets: 

Interest bearing deposits 

700 

671 

29 

(126) 

(119) 

(7) 

Federal funds sold 

(15) 

(25) 

10 

41 

- 

41 

Investment securities 

1,528 

361 

1,167 

778 

(147) 

925 

Loans 

(402) 

(2,167) 

1,765 

2,319 

(221) 

2,540 

Total 

1,811 

(1,160) 

2,971 

3,012 

(487) 

3,499 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

67 

(1) 

68 

(30) 

334 

(364) 

Savings deposits 

(2) 

37 

(39) 

(217) 

(364) 

147 

Time deposits 

(666) 

(531) 

(135) 

(757) 

(791) 

34 

Borrowings 

102 

118 

(16) 

(7) 

56 

(63) 

Total 

(499) 

(377) 

(122) 

(1,011) 

(765) 

(246) 

Net interest income 

2,310 

(783) 

3,093 

4,023 

278 

3,745 

(1) 
 The variance in interest attributed to both volume and rate has been allocated to variance attributed to volume and variance attributed to rate in proportion to the absolute value of the change in each. 

Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income, the principal source of the Company s earnings, is the amount of income generated by earning assets (primarily loans and investment securities) less the interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposits used to fund earning assets). Table 1 summarizes the major components of net interest income for the past three years and also provides yields and average balances. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 total interest income increased by 1.8 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income in 2022 was primarily due to an increase of 1.5 million in interest income on securities and an increase of 700 thousand in interest income on interest-bearing deposits in banks, which offset a decrease in loan interest income of 402 thousand in the year over year comparison. Interest income on loans decreased primarily due to a decrease in SBA-PPP related interest and fees of 2.5 million from the year ago period. Excluding SBA-PPP related interest and fees of 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, interest income on loans would have increased 2.1 million, reflecting our core loan growth as well as the current rate environment. The increases in interest income on investment securities was due to the 63.2 million increase in average investment securities due to investment purchases during 2022. Interest expense on deposits decreased by 601 thousand in the year over year comparison. This is a reflection of the reduced rates for the majority of 2022, as well as a reduction in time deposit balances from a year ago. However, in the fourth quarter of 2022, due to competitive pressures on deposits, rates were increased on deposit offerings. Management anticipates that interest expense will increase in the near term as competitive pressures for deposits continue. Amortization of premiums on acquired time deposits, which reduces interest expense, totaled 50 thousand in 2022, compared to 108 thousand in 2021, representing a decrease of 58 thousand. The effects of changes in volumes and rates on net interest income in 2022 compared to 2021, and 2021 compared to 2020 are shown in Table 2. 

28

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The aforementioned factors led to an increase in net interest income of 2.3 million or 7.15 for 2022 as compared to 2021. The net yield on interest-earning assets decreased by 6 basis points to 3.68 in 2022 compared to 3.74 in 2021. 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is established to provide for expected losses in the Company s loan portfolio. Management determines the provision for loan losses required to maintain an allowance adequate to provide for probable losses. Some of the factors considered in making this decision are the levels and collectability of past due loans, volume of new loans, composition of the loan portfolio, and general economic outlook. 

The provision for loan losses was 606 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 723 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in loan loss provisions from 2021 to 2022 despite the overall growth in the loan portfolio was due to the improvement in credit quality on the loan portfolio and the reduction of past due loans and nonperforming loans from 2021 to 2022. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses for SBA-PPP loans remaining at December 31, 2022 were separately evaluated given the explicit government guarantee. This analysis, which incorporated historical experience with similar SBA guarantees and underwriting, concluded the likelihood of loss was remote and therefore these loans were assigned a zero expected credit loss in the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 The reserve for loan losses was approximately 0.83 of total loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the acquired Great State and Cardinal loan portfolios was reflected as a purchase discount which will continue to be accreted into income over the remaining life of the acquired loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining unaccreted discount on the acquired loan portfolios totaled 672 thousand and 1.0 million, respectively. Management believes the provision and the resulting allowance for loan losses are adequate. Additional information is contained in Tables 12 and 13, and is discussed in Nonperforming and Problem Assets. 
 
 Other Income 
 
 The major components of noninterest income for the past two years are illustrated in Table 3. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, noninterest income was 6.3 million and 6.6 million, respectively. Included in noninterest income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was nonrecurring income from life insurance contracts of 217 thousand and a 10 thousand loss on the sales of securities. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, there was nonrecurring income of 200 thousand from a one-time lease termination fee, 193 thousand from a one-time incentive bonus on a contract renegotiation with a service provider, and 265 thousand from net realized gains on the sale of securities. Excluding these items, noninterest income increased 140 thousand in the year over year comparison, primarily as a result of increased income from service charges on deposit accounts of 365 thousand and an increase of ATM, credit and debit card income of 551 thousand, partially offset by a decrease of 662 thousand in mortgage origination income. The mortgage department closed approximately 23.0 million of mortgage loans for the secondary market during 2022 compared to 57.0 million in 2021. The decrease in loan volume is due to the increase in interest rates during 2022. 

29

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 3. Sources of Noninterest Income (dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

1,906 

1,541 

Increase in cash value of life insurance 

513 

446 

Life insurance income 

217 

- 

Mortgage originations fees 

399 

1,061 

Safe deposit box rental 

86 

88 

Gain (loss) on securities 

(10) 

265 

ATM, credit and debit card income 

2,624 

2,073 

Merchant services income 

222 

182 

Investment services income 

56 

60 

Exchange income 

183 

203 

Other income 

61 

649 

Total noninterest income 

6,257 

6,568 

Other Expense 
 
 The major components of noninterest expense for the past two years are illustrated in Table 4. 
 
 Total noninterest expenses increased by 1.2 million, or 4.65 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to employee and branch costs associated with branch expansion. Salary and benefit cost increased by 143 thousand from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Occupancy and equipment expenses increased by 347 thousand, due to the branch expansion. Data processing expenses remained comparable at 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ATM/EFT expenses increased by 445 thousand due to increased debit card usage. There was a decrease in core deposit intangible amortization of 117 thousand in the year-over-year comparison, which was offset by an increase in professional fees of 45 thousand and an increase in telephone expense of 92 thousand. 

30

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 4. Sources of Noninterest Expense (dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Salaries wages 

11,526 

11,251 

Share-based compensation 

179 

155 

Employee benefits 

3,118 

3,274 

Total personnel expense 

14,823 

14,680 

Director fees 

354 

368 

Occupancy expense 

1,891 

1,676 

Data processing expense 

1,971 

2,026 

Other equipment expense 

1,307 

1,175 

FDIC/OCC assessments 

628 

609 

Insurance 

172 

156 

Professional fees 

684 

639 

Advertising 

657 

702 

Postage freight 

536 

458 

Supplies 

228 

196 

Franchise tax 

506 

499 

Telephone 

482 

390 

Travel, dues meetings 

579 

435 

ATM/EFT expense 

1,212 

767 

Other real estate owned expenses 

71 

- 

Core deposit intangible amortization 

478 

595 

Other expense 

909 

896 

Total noninterest expense 

27,488 

26,267 

The overhead efficiency ratio of noninterest expense to adjusted total revenue (net interest income plus noninterest income) was 67.22 in 2022 and 67.53 in 2021. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense is based on amounts reported in the statements of income (after adjustments for non-taxable income and non-deductible expenses) and consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes on temporary differences in the recognition of income and expense for tax and financial statement purposes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future Federal income tax return consequences of those differences, which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. 
 
 Income tax expense (substantially all Federal) was 2.5 million in 2022 and 2.4 million in 2021, resulting in effective tax rates of 19.7 and 20.4 , respectively. The increase in income tax expense of 96 thousand in 2022 was primarily due to the increase in income before taxes of 895 thousand in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Net deferred tax assets of 5.7 million, and 1.1 million existed at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. At December 31, 2022, net deferred tax assets included 5.6 million of deferred tax assets applicable to unrealized losses on investment securities available for sale, and 522 thousand of deferred tax assets applicable to funded projected pension benefit obligations. Accordingly, these amounts were not charged to income but recorded directly to the related stockholders equity account. 

31

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Analysis of Financial Condition 
 
 Average earning assets increased 75.3 million, or 8.70 , from 2021 to 2022 due to asset growth primarily reflected in increased loans and investment securities, which was funded by average deposit growth of 90.5 million. Total earning assets represented 92.61 of total average assets in 2022 and 92.08 in 2021. The mix of average earning assets changed from 2021 to 2022 as average loans increased by 29.7 million, or 4.33 , and average investment securities increased by 63.2 million, or 65.79 . Average federal funds sold and average deposits in banks decreased by 17.6 million, or 21.63 , from 2021 to 2022. 

Table 5. Average Asset Mix (dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Average Balance 

Average Balance 

Earning assets: 

Loans 

717,326 

70.64 

687,587 

73.18 

Investment securities 

159,196 

15.67 

96,020 

10.22 

Federal funds sold 

8,307 

0.82 

37,365 

3.97 

Deposits in other banks 

55,635 

5.48 

44,227 

4.71 

Total earning assets 

940,464 

92.61 

865,199 

92.08 

Non earning assets: 

Cash and due from banks 

18,992 

1.87 

12,634 

1.34 

Premises and equipment 

32,261 

3.18 

28,342 

3.02 

Other assets 

46,775 

4.61 

39,299 

4.18 

Allowance for loan losses 

(5,985) 

-0.59 

(5,296) 

-0.56 

Unrealized loss on securities 

(17,028) 

-1.68 

(569) 

-0.06 

Total nonearning assets 

75,015 

7.39 

74,410 

7.92 

Total assets 

1,015,479 

100.00 

939,609 

100.00 

Average loans for 2022 represented 70.64 of total average assets compared to 73.18 in 2021. Average federal funds sold decreased from 3.97 to 0.82 of total average assets while deposits in other banks increased from 4.71 to 5.48 of total average assets over the same time period. Average investment securities increased from 10.22 in 2021 to 15.67 of total average assets in 2022. The balances of nonearning assets to total average assets decreased from 7.92 to 7.39 in the annual comparison. 

32

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Loans 
 
 Average loans totaled 717.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This represents an increase of 29.7 million, or 4.33 , from the average of 687.6 million for 2021. The increase was primarily due to organic core loan growth of 97.1 million during 2022. 
 
 The loan portfolio consists primarily of real estate and commercial loans, including SBA-PPP loans. These loans accounted for 97.07 of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. This is up from the 96.31 that the categories maintained at December 31, 2021. The amount of loans outstanding by type at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the maturity distribution for variable and fixed rate loans as of December 31, 2022 are presented in Tables 6 and 7, respectively. 

Table 6. Loan Portfolio Summary (dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amount 

Amount 

Construction and development 

49,728 

6.59 

44,252 

6.48 

Residential, 1-4 families 

292,318 

38.72 

240,359 

35.16 

Residential, 5 or more families 

66,208 

8.77 

58,054 

8.49 

Farmland 

23,688 

3.14 

25,026 

3.66 

Nonfarm, nonresidential 

263,664 

34.93 

230,071 

33.66 

Total real estate 

695,606 

92.15 

597,762 

87.45 

Agricultural 

2,380 

0.31 

2,420 

0.35 

Commercial 

37,054 

4.91 

36,022 

5.27 

SBA-PPP 

71 

0.01 

24,528 

3.59 

Consumer 

7,902 

1.05 

7,292 

1.07 

Other 

11,859 

1.57 

15,508 

2.27 

Total 

754,872 

100.00 

683,532 

100.00 

33

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 7. Maturity Schedule of Loans, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) 

Commercial, 

Real 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Estate 

SBA-PPP 

Other 

Amount 

Fixed rate loans: 

One year or less 

12,723 

2,248 

3,892 

18,863 

2.50 

Over one to five years 

66,002 

18,791 

8,709 

93,502 

12.38 

Over five years to 15 years 

38,200 

2,761 

2,577 

43,538 

5.77 

Over 15 years 

2,990 

2 

11 

3,003 

0.40 

Total fixed rate loans 

119,915 

23,802 

15,189 

158,906 

21.05 

Variable rate loans: 

One year or less 

12,980 

6,358 

2,134 

21,472 

2.84 

Over one to five years 

18,158 

673 

173 

19,004 

2.52 

Over five years to 15 years 

139,337 

8,325 

1,255 

148,917 

19.73 

Over 15 years 

405,216 

347 

1,010 

406,573 

53.86 

Total variable rate loans 

575,691 

15,703 

4,572 

595,966 

78.95 

Total loans: 

One year or less 

25,703 

8,606 

6,026 

40,335 

5.34 

Over one to five years 

84,160 

19,464 

8,882 

112,506 

14.90 

Over five years to 15 years 

177,537 

11,086 

3,832 

192,455 

25.50 

Over 15 years 

408,206 

349 

1,021 

409,576 

54.26 

Total loans 

695,606 

39,505 

19,761 

754,872 

100.00 

Interest rates charged on loans vary with the degree of risk, maturity and amount of the loan. Competitive pressures, money market rates, availability of funds, and government regulations also influence interest rates. On average, loans yielded 4.56 in 2022 compared to an average yield of 4.81 in 2021. The decrease in loan yields was due to a decrease in SBA-PPP related interest and fees of 2.5 million from the year ago period. Excluding SBA-PPP related interest and fees of 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, interest income on loans would have increased 2.1 million, reflecting our core loan growth of 97.1 million as well as the current rate environment. Management anticipates that this loan growth, in addition to higher rates in the current year, will have a positive impact on both earning assets and loan yields. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 The Company uses its investment portfolio to provide liquidity for unexpected deposit decreases or loan generation, to meet the Bank s interest rate sensitivity goals, and to generate income. 
 
 Management of the investment portfolio has always been conservative with the majority of investments taking the form of purchases of U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government Agencies, U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises and State and Municipal bonds, as well as investment grade corporate bond issues. Management views the investment portfolio as a source of income, and purchases securities with the intent of retaining them until maturity. However, adjustments are necessary in the portfolio to provide an adequate source of liquidity which can be used to meet funding requirements for loan demand and deposit fluctuations and to control interest rate risk. Therefore, from time to time, management may sell certain securities prior to their maturity. Table 8 presents the investment portfolio at the end of 2022 by major types of investments and contractual maturity ranges. Investment securities in Table 8 may have repricing or call options that are earlier than the contractual maturity date. 

34

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The total amortized cost of investment securities increased by approximately 30.1 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, while the average balance of investment securities carried throughout the year increased by approximately 63.2 million from 2021 to 2022. The average yield of the investment portfolio increase to 1.92 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.60 for 2021. 

Table 8. Investment Securities - Maturity/Yield Schedule (dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

In One Year or Less 

After One Through Five Years 

After Five Through Ten Years 

After Ten Years 

Book Value 12/31/22 

Market Value 12/31/22 

Book Value 12/31/21 

Book Value 12/31/20 

Investment securities: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

- 

4,980 

- 

- 

4,980 

4,834 

- 

- 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

4,658 

20,367 

- 

25,025 

20,846 

20,333 

- 

Mortgage-backed securities 

78 

1,015 

34,118 

43,544 

78,755 

67,270 

64,437 

15,212 

Corporate securities 

- 

1,500 

- 

- 

1,500 

1,500 

1,500 

1,500 

State and municipal securities 

- 

1,506 

19,656 

30,238 

51,400 

40,701 

45,314 

16,059 

Total 

78 

13,659 

74,141 

73,782 

161,660 

135,151 

131,584 

32,771 

Weighted average yields (1) : 

U.S. Treasury securities 

0.00 

2.95 

0.00 

0.00 

2.95 

U.S. Government agencies 

0.00 

3.08 

1.68 

0.00 

1.94 

Mortgage-backed securities 

2.18 

2.01 

2.19 

1.45 

1.78 

Corporate securities 

0.00 

4.11 

0.00 

0.00 

4.11 

State and municipal securities 

0.00 

2.95 

2.03 

2.56 

2.37 

Total 

2.18 

3.05 

2.01 

1.90 

2.05 

(1) 
 Weighted average yields on investment securities are based on amortized cost and are calculated on a tax equivalent basis. 

Deposits 
 
 The Company relies on deposits generated in its market area to provide the majority of funds needed to support lending activities and for investments in liquid assets. More specifically, core deposits (total deposits less certificates of deposit in denominations of more than 250,000) are the primary funding source. The Company s balance sheet growth is largely determined by the availability of deposits in its markets, the cost of attracting the deposits, and the prospects of profitably utilizing the available deposits by increasing the loan or investment portfolios. The Company s management must continuously monitor market pricing, competitor s rates, and the internal interest rate spreads to maintain the Company s growth and profitability. The Company attempts to structure rates so as to promote deposit and asset growth while at the same time increasing overall profitability of the Company. 
 
 Average total deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 929.6 million, which was an increase of 90.5 million, or 10.79 from 2021. Average core deposits totaled 893.4 million in 2022 representing a 11.53 increase over the 801.0 million in 2021. The percentage of the Company s average deposits that are interest-bearing decreased to 66.5 in 2022 compared to 67.4 in 2021. This decrease is due to the average demand deposits, which earn no interest, increasing 13.77 from 273.4 million in 2021 to 311.0 million in 2022. Average deposits for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized in Table 9. 

35

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 9. Deposit Mix (dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Average Balance 

of Total Deposits 

Average Rate Paid 

Average Balance 

of Total Deposits 

Average Rate Paid 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

Interest-bearing DDA accounts 

133,854 

14.4 

0.09 

113,840 

13.6 

0.09 

Money market 

108,897 

11.7 

0.22 

83,995 

10.0 

0.23 

Savings 

195,976 

21.1 

0.10 

172,847 

20.6 

0.11 

Individual retirement accounts 

44,165 

4.7 

0.88 

46,088 

5.5 

1.04 

CD s 250,000 or less 

99,443 

10.7 

0.55 

110,825 

13.2 

0.94 

CD s greater than 250,000 

36,231 

3.9 

0.68 

38,095 

4.5 

0.87 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

618,566 

66.5 

0.28 

565,690 

67.4 

0.41 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

311,032 

33.5 

0.00 

273,393 

32.6 

0.00 

Total deposits 

929,598 

100.0 

0.19 

839,083 

100.0 

0.28 

The average balance of certificates of deposit issued in denominations of more than 250,000 decreased by 1.9 million, or 4.89 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The strategy of management has been to support loan and investment growth with core deposits and not to aggressively solicit the more volatile, large denomination certificates of deposit. Loan and investment securities growth in 2022 was primarily funded through core deposit growth, thus reducing management s reliance on large denomination certificates of deposit for funding purposes. 
 
 Estimated uninsured deposits totaled 295.0 million and 279.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Uninsured amounts are estimated based on the portion of account balance in excess of FDIC insurance limits. Table 10 provides maturity information relating to uninsured time deposits at December 31, 2022. 

Table 10. Estimated Uninsured Time Deposits Maturities (dollars in thousands) 

Estimated Uninsured Time Deposits at December 31, 2022: 

Remaining maturity of three months or less 

6,565 

Remaining maturity over three months through six months 

3,480 

Remaining maturity over six months through twelve months 

34,874 

Remaining maturity over twelve months 

4,537 

Total estimated uninsured time deposits 

49,456 

36

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Equity 
 
 Stockholders equity totaled 72.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 85.2 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease of 12.3 million, or 14.39 , was due to earnings of 10.3 million, plus share-based compensation of 179 thousand, less common stock repurchases of 154 thousand, payment of dividends of 1.8 million, and less other comprehensive losses of 20.8 million primarily due to an increase in the unrealized losses on the value of the securities portfolio as a result of increased interest rates in 2022. Book value decreased from 15.20 per share at December 31, 2021 to 12.98 per share at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2015, the federal banking regulators adopted rules to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rules required the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 of risk-weighted assets; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 of risk-weighted assets; and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4 of total assets. As fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the rules require the Bank to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 4.5 common equity Tier 1 ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 ), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0 Tier 1 capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ), (iii) a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0 total capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ), and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets. 
 
 Under Basel III Capital requirements, a capital conservation buffer of 0.625 became effective beginning on January 1, 2016. The capital conservation buffer was gradually increased through January 1, 2019 to 2.50 . The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banks are now required to maintain levels that meet the required minimum plus the capital conservation buffer in order to make distributions, such as dividends, or discretionary bonus payments. The Banks s capital conservation buffer is 4.42 as of December 31, 2022. 

Table 11. Bank s Year-end Risk-Based Capital (dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Tier 1 Capital 

90,878 

84,900 

Qualifying allowance for loan losses (limited to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets) 

6,294 

5,717 

Total regulatory capital 

97,172 

90,617 

Total risk-weighted assets 

782,401 

740,706 

Tier 1 capital as a percentage of 

risk-weighted assets 

11.6 

11.5 

Common Equity Tier 1 capital as a percentage of risk-weighted assets 

11.6 

11.5 

Total regulatory capital as a percentage of risk-weighted assets 

12.4 

12.2 

Leverage ratio 

8.8 

8.6 

Tier 1 capital divided by average total assets for the quarter ended December 31 of each year. 

37

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Nonperforming and Problem Assets 
 
 Certain credit risks are inherent in making loans, particularly commercial and consumer loans. Management prudently assesses these risks and attempts to manage them effectively. The Bank attempts to use shorter-term loans and, although a portion of the loans have been made based upon the value of collateral, the underwriting decision is generally based on the cash flow of the borrower as the source of repayment rather than the value of the collateral. The Bank also attempts to reduce repayment risk by adhering to internal credit policies and procedures. These policies and procedures include officer and customer limits, periodic loan documentation review and follow up on exceptions to credit policies. 
 
 Table 12 provides information about the allowance for loan losses, nonperforming assets and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Table 12. Loan Loss Data (dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Allowance for loan losses 

6,248 

5,677 

Total loans 

754,872 

683,532 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans 

0.83 

0.83 

Nonperforming loans: 

Nonaccrual loans 

1,634 

1,320 

Restructured loans 

2,330 

3,167 

Purchased credit-impaired loans on accrual status 

89 

103 

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 

- 

- 

Total nonperforming loans 

4,053 

4,590 

Other real estate owned 

235 

- 

Total nonperforming assets 

4,288 

4,590 

Total nonperforming loans as a percentage to total loans 

0.54 

0.67 

Total allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 

154.16 

123.68 

Total nonperforming assets as a percentage to total assets 

0.43 

0.46 

Total nonaccrual loans as a percentage to total loans 

0.22 

0.19 

Total allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 

382.37 

430.08 

Total nonperforming loans were 0.54 and 0.67 of total outstanding loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority of the increase in nonaccrual loans from 2022 to 2021 came in the commercial mortgage category as a result of one large credit of 381 thousand being placed in nonaccrual status in 2022. Nonaccrual loans in this category increased by 501 thousand. Loans are placed in nonaccrual status when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payments as they become due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Loans are removed from nonaccrual status when they are deemed a loss and charged to the allowance, transferred to foreclosed assets, or returned to accrual status based upon performance consistent with the original terms of the loan or a subsequent restructuring thereof. Management s ability to ultimately resolve these loans either with or without significant loss will be determined, to a great extent, by general economic and real estate market conditions. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income recognized on loans in nonaccrual status was approximately 62 thousand and 39 thousand, respectively. Had these credits been current in accordance with their original terms, the gross interest income for these credits would have been approximately 88 thousand and 104 thousand, respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

38

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Restructured loans represent troubled debt restructurings TDRs that have returned to accrual status after a period of performance in accordance with their modified terms. The decrease in restructured loans from 2021 to 2022 came primarily in the form of four TDRs going into nonaccrual status during 2022. A TDR is considered to be successful if the borrower maintains adequate payment performance under the modified terms and is financially stable. 
 
 There was 235 thousand in other real estate owned at December 31, 2022, compared to no other real estate owned at December 31, 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2022, a former full service branch facility was transferred to other real estate owned at a value of 235 thousand. A write-down of 72 thousand was taken on the property as a result of this transfer based on the contract to sell, less estimated selling costs, in place as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the sale of the property settled on March 1, 2023. 
 
 More information on nonperforming assets and loan modifications in response to COVID-19 can be found in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had loans with a current principal balance of 5.0 million and 10.9 million rated Watch or Special Mention . The Watch classification is utilized by us when we have an initial concern about the financial health of a borrower that indicate above average risk. We then gather current financial information about the borrower and evaluate our current risk in the credit. After this review we will either move the loan to a higher risk rating category or move it back to its original risk rating. Loans may be left rated Watch for a longer period of time if, in management s opinion, there are risks that cannot be fully evaluated without the passage of time, and we want to review it on a more regular basis. Assets that do not currently expose the Bank to sufficient risk to warrant a classification such as Substandard or Doubtful but otherwise possess weaknesses are designated Special Mention . Loans rated as Watch or Special Mention are not considered potential problem loans until they are determined by management to be classified as Substandard . As of December 31, 2022, potential problem loans classified as substandard totaled 4.3 million compared to 6.0 million at December 31, 2021. Past due loans are often regarded as a precursor to further credit problems which would lead to future increases in nonaccrual loans or other real estate owned. As of December 31, 2022 loans past due 30-89 days and still accruing totaled 236 thousand compared to 346 thousand at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Certain types of loans, such as option ARM products, subprime loans and loans with initial teaser rates, can have a greater risk of non-collection than other loans. The Bank has not offered these types of loans in the past and does not offer them currently. Junior-lien mortgages can also be considered higher risk loans. Our junior-lien portfolio at December 31, 2022 totaled 2.6 million, or 0.34 of total loans. The charge-off rates in this category do not vary significantly from other real estate secured loans in the current year. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level adequate to absorb potential losses. Some of the factors which management considers in determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses are: past loss experience, an evaluation of the current loan portfolio, identified loan problems, the loan volume outstanding, the present and expected economic conditions in general, and in particular, how such conditions relate to the market area that the Bank serves. Bank regulators also periodically review the Bank s loans and other assets to assess their quality. Loans deemed uncollectible are charged to the allowance. Provisions for loan losses and recoveries on loans previously charged off are added to the allowance. The reserve for loan losses was approximately 0.83 of total loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Management s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the acquired Cardinal Bankshares Corporation and Great State loan portfolios was reflected as a purchase discount which will continue to be accreted into income over the remaining life of the acquired loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining unaccreted discount on the acquired loan portfolios totaled 672 thousand and 1.0 million, respectively. This remaining discount can be used for credit losses if a loss occurs on individual loans in the purchased portfolios. 

39

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

To quantify the specific elements of the allowance for loan losses, the Bank begins by establishing a specific reserve for larger-balance, non-homogeneous loans, which have been identified as being impaired. This reserve is determined by comparing the principal balance of the loan with the net present value of the future anticipated cash flows or the fair market value of the related collateral. If the impaired loan is collateral dependent, then any excess in the recorded investment in the loan over the fair value of the collateral that is identified as uncollectible in the near term is charged off against the allowance for loan losses at that time. The bank also collectively evaluates for impairment smaller-balance TDRs. The specific component of the allowance for smaller-balance TDR loans is calculated on a pooled basis considering historical experience adjusted for qualitative factors. The bank then reviews certain loans in the portfolio and assigns grades to loans which have been reviewed. Loans which are adversely classified are given a specific allowance based on the historical loss experience of similar type loans in each adverse grade with further adjustments for external factors. The remaining portfolio is segregated into loan pools consistent with regulatory guidelines. An allocation is then made to the reserve for these loan pools based on the bank s historical loss experience with further adjustments for external factors. The allowance is allocated according to the amount deemed to be reasonably necessary to provide for the possibility of losses being incurred within the respective categories of loans, although the entire allowance is available to absorb any actual charge-offs that may occur. 
 
 Table 13 shows net charge-offs, average loan balances and the percentage of charge-offs to average loan balances. The allocation of the allowance for loan losses is detailed in Table 14. 

Table 13. Analysis of Net Charge-Offs (dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

Percentage of Net 

(Charge-Offs) 

Net 

Recoveries to 

(Charge-Offs) 

Average 

Average 

Recoveries 

Loans 

Loans 

Construction development 

3 

45,934 

0.01 

Farmland 

- 

24,188 

0.00 

Residential 

12 

329,779 

0.00 

Commercial mortgage 

8 

247,350 

0.00 

Commercial agriculture 

16 

39,288 

0.04 

SBA-PPP 

- 

8,504 

0.00 

Consumer other 

(74) 

22,283 

(0.33) 

Total 

(35) 

717,326 

0.00 

December 31, 2021 

Percentage of Net 

(Charge-Offs) 

Net 

Recoveries to 

(Charge-Offs) 

Average 

Average 

Recoveries 

Loans 

Loans 

Construction development 

5 

44,437 

0.01 

Farmland 

- 

29,766 

0.00 

Residential 

2 

289,445 

0.00 

Commercial mortgage 

61 

220,897 

0.03 

Commercial agriculture 

45 

34,457 

0.13 

SBA-PPP 

- 

49,438 

0.00 

Consumer other 

(59) 

19,147 

(0.31) 

Total 

54 

687,587 

0.01 

40

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 14. Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses (dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Balance at the end of the period applicable to: 
 
 Amount 

of ALL to Loans 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Amount 

of ALL to Loans 

of Loans to Total Loans 

Construction development 

526 

1.06 

6.59 

484 

1.09 

6.48 

Farmland 

259 

1.09 

3.14 

315 

1.26 

3.66 

Residential 

2,820 

0.79 

47.49 

2,521 

0.84 

43.65 

Commercial mortgage 

2,197 

0.83 

34.93 

1,908 

0.83 

33.66 

Commercial agriculture 

312 

0.79 

5.22 

321 

0.84 

5.62 

SBA-PPP 

- 

0.00 

0.01 

- 

0.00 

3.59 

Consumer and other 

134 

0.68 

2.62 

128 

0.56 

3.34 

Total 

6,248 

0.83 

100.00 

5,677 

0.83 

100.00 

Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk 
 
 The Bank is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as for on-balance sheet instruments. A summary of the Bank s commitments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Commitments to extend credit 

163,250 

140,526 

Standby letters of credit 

833 

1,161 

164,083 

141,687 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, residential real estate and income-producing commercial properties. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Collateral held varies as specified above and is required in instances which the Bank deems necessary. 

41

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 The principal goals of the Bank s asset and liability management strategy are the maintenance of adequate liquidity and the management of interest rate risk. Liquidity is the ability to convert assets to cash to fund depositors withdrawals or borrowers loans without significant loss. Interest rate risk management balances the effects of interest rate changes on assets that earn interest or liabilities on which interest is paid, to protect the Bank from wide fluctuations in its net interest income which could result from interest rate changes. 
 
 Management must ensure that adequate funds are available at all times to meet the needs of its customers. On the asset side of the balance sheet, maturing investments, loan payments, maturing loans, federal funds sold, and unpledged investment securities are principal sources of liquidity. On the liability side of the balance sheet, liquidity sources include core deposits, the ability to increase large denomination certificates, federal fund lines from correspondent banks, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank, as well as the ability to generate funds through the issuance of long-term debt and equity. 
 
 The liquidity ratio (the level of liquid assets divided by total deposits plus short-term liabilities) was 14.4 at December 31, 2022 compared to 23.1 at December 31, 2021. These ratios are considered to be adequate by management. 
 
 The Bank uses cash and federal funds sold to meet its daily funding needs. If funding needs are met through holdings of excess cash and federal funds, then profits might be sacrificed as higher-yielding investments are foregone in the interest of liquidity. Therefore, management determines, based on such items as loan demand and deposit activity, an appropriate level of cash and federal funds and seeks to maintain that level. 

42

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The primary goals of the investment portfolio are liquidity management and maturity gap management. As investment securities mature the proceeds are reinvested in federal funds sold if the federal funds level needs to be increased, otherwise the proceeds are reinvested in similar investment securities. The majority of investment security transactions consist of replacing securities that have been called or matured. The Bank keeps a portion of its investment portfolio in unpledged assets that are less than 60 months to maturity or next repricing date. These investments are a preferred source of funds in that they can be disposed of in most interest rate environments without causing significant damage to that quarter s profits. 
 
 Interest rate risk is the effect that changes in interest rates would have on interest income and interest expense as interest-sensitive assets and interest-sensitive liabilities either reprice or mature. Management attempts to maintain the portfolios of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities with maturities or repricing opportunities at levels that will afford protection from erosion of net interest margin, to the extent practical, from changes in interest rates. Table 15 shows the sensitivity of the Bank s balance sheet on December 31, 2022. This table reflects the sensitivity of the balance sheet as of that specific date and is not necessarily indicative of the position on other dates. At December 31, 2022 the Bank appeared to be cumulatively asset-sensitive (interest-earning assets subject to interest rate changes exceeding interest-bearing liabilities subject to changes in interest rates). However, in the one year window liabilities subject to changes in interest rates exceed assets subject to interest rate changes (non asset-sensitive). 
 
 Matching sensitive positions alone does not ensure the Bank has no interest rate risk. The repricing characteristics of assets are different from the repricing characteristics of funding sources. Thus, net interest income can be impacted by changes in interest rates even if the repricing opportunities of assets and liabilities are perfectly matched. 

Table 15. Interest Rate Sensitivity (dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 Maturities/Repricing 

1 to 3 Months 

4 to 12 Months 

13 to 60 Months 

Over 60 Months 

Total 

Interest-Earning Assets: 

Interest bearing deposits 

10,802 

- 

- 

- 

10,802 

Federal funds sold 

960 

- 

- 

- 

960 

Investments 

1,584 

- 

11,609 

121,958 

135,151 

Loans 

115,340 

30,365 

443,208 

165,959 

754,872 

Total 

128,686 

30,365 

454,817 

287,917 

901,785 

Interest-Bearing Liabilities: 

Interest-bearing DDA accounts 

144,540 

- 

- 

- 

144,540 

Money market 

87,012 

- 

- 

- 

87,012 

Savings 

194,723 

- 

- 

- 

194,723 

Time deposits 

21,772 

98,842 

62,928 

- 

183,542 

Borrowings 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

448,047 

98,842 

62,928 

- 

609,817 

Interest sensitivity gap 

(319,361) 

(68,477) 

391,889 

287,917 

291,968 

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap 

(319,361) 

(387,838) 

4,501 

291,968 

291,968 

Ratio of sensitivity gap to total earning assets 

-35.4 

-7.6 

43.5 

31.9 

32.4 

Cumulative ratio of sensitivity gap to total earning assets 

-35.4 

-43.0 

0.5 

32.4 

32.4 

43

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The Company uses a number of tools to monitor its interest rate risk, including simulating net interest income under various scenarios, monitoring the present value change in equity under the same scenarios, and monitoring the difference or gap between rate sensitive assets and rate sensitive liabilities over various time periods (as displayed in Table 15). 
 
 The earnings simulation model forecasts annual net income under a variety of scenarios that incorporate changes in the absolute level of interest rates, changes in the shape of the yield curve, and changes in interest rate relationships. Management evaluates the effect on net interest income and present value equity from gradual changes in rates of up to 400 basis points up or down over a 12-month period. Table 16 presents the Bank s twelve-month forecasts for changes in net interest income and market value of equity resulting from changes in rates of up to 400 basis points up or down, as of December 31, 2022. 

Table 16. Interest Rate Risk (dollars in thousands) 

Rate Shocked Net Interest Income and Market Value of Equity 

Change 

Change 

Net 

in Net 

in Net 

Market 

Change in Interest Rates 

Interest 

Interest 

Interest 

Value 

(Basis Points) 

Income 

Income 

Income 

of Equity 

+400 

35,300 

(3,204) 

(8.32) 

141,647 

+300 

36,082 

(2,422) 

(6.29) 

154,418 

+200 

36,874 

(1,630) 

(4.23) 

168,139 

+100 

37,726 

(788) 

(2.02) 

182,983 

0 

38,504 

- 

- 

193,651 

-100 

37,198 

(1,306) 

(3.39) 

194,269 

-200 

35,395 

(3,109) 

(8.07) 

185,750 

-300 

33,554 

(4,950) 

(12.86) 

174,555 

-400 

31,827 

(6,677) 

(17.34) 

160,483 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 The consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes presented elsewhere in this document have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all Company assets and liabilities are monetary in nature, therefore the impact of inflation is reflected primarily in the increased cost of operations. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

44

Management s Discussion and Analysis 

Table 17. Financial Highlights 1 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Summary of Operations 

Interest income 

36,567 

34,756 

31,744 

30,802 

26,186 

Interest expense 

1,930 

2,429 

3,440 

2,869 

1,901 

Net interest income 

34,637 

32,327 

28,304 

27,933 

24,285 

Provision for loan losses 

606 

723 

1,189 

655 

325 

Other income 

6,257 

6,568 

5,297 

4,915 

4,637 

Other expense 

27,488 

26,267 

25,098 

23,258 

22,857 

Income taxes 

2,519 

2,423 

1,445 

1,780 

1,214 

Net income 

10,281 

9,482 

5,869 

7,155 

4,526 

Per Share Data 

Net income 

1.84 

1.59 

0.97 

1.16 

0.81 

Cash dividends declared 

0.32 

0.27 

0.26 

0.24 

0.20 

Book value 

12.98 

15.20 

14.08 

13.27 

12.17 

Year-end Balance Sheet Summary 

Loans, net 

748,624 

677,855 

659,195 

566,460 

532,970 

Investment securities 

135,151 

129,715 

33,507 

32,881 

45,428 

Total assets 

997,734 

995,848 

855,387 

706,290 

680,284 

Deposits 

920,327 

898,226 

755,528 

611,211 

601,868 

Stockholders equity 

72,936 

85,194 

85,106 

81,428 

75,622 

Selected Ratios 

Return on average assets 

1.01 

1.01 

0.75 

1.05 

0.75 

Return on average equity 

13.35 

10.98 

7.06 

9.10 

7.02 

Dividend payout ratio 

17.48 

17.13 

26.96 

20.74 

24.81 

Average equity to average assets 

7.59 

9.19 

10.60 

11.51 

10.66 

1 
 In thousands of dollars, except per share data. 

45

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

46

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the stockholders and the board of directors of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary (formerly Parkway Acquisition Corp. and Subsidiary) (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, other comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 elliottdavis.com 

47

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factors 
 
 As described in Note 4 and Note 5 to the Company s financial statements, the Company s loan portfolio and associated allowance for loan losses (the Allowance totaled 754.9 million and 6.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. As described in Note 1 and Note 5 to the financial statements, the Company s Allowance is an estimate of probable credit losses as of the balance sheet date and considers both unimpaired and impaired loans. Management s determination of the allowance for loan losses related to the Company s loan portfolio segment is generally based on the credit risk ratings and historical loss experience of individual borrowers, supplemented, as necessary, by credit judgment to address observed changes in trends and conditions, and other relevant environmental and economic factors such as concentrations of credit risk (geographic, large borrower, and industry), economic trends and conditions, changes in underwriting standards, experience and depth of lending staff, trends in delinquencies, and the level of net charge-offs (qualitative factor adjustments). 
 
 Auditing the Company s Allowance involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the judgment involved in management s identification and measurement of qualitative factor adjustments included in the estimate of the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the relevance and the reasonableness of assumptions related to evaluation of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and other risk factors used in development of the qualitative factors for collectively evaluated loans. 
 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of assumptions and data used by the Company in developing the qualitative factors by comparing these data points to internally developed and third-party sources, and other audit evidence gathered. 
 
 We performed analytical procedures to evaluate changes that occurred in the allowance for loan losses for loans collectively evaluated for impairment. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1995. 

March 28, 2023 

48

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 
 
 Assets 
 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 
 Federal funds sold 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 Restricted equity securities 
 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of 6,248 at December 31, 2022 and 5,677 at December 31, 2021 
 Cash value of life insurance 
 Other real estate owned 
 Properties and equipment, net 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Core deposit intangible 
 Goodwill 
 Deferred tax assets, net 
 Other assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 
 Liabilities 
 Deposits 
 Noninterest-bearing 
 Interest-bearing 
 Total deposits 
 
 Borrowings 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Other liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 
 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Preferred stock, no par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued 
 Common stock, no par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized, 5,617,416 and 5,606,216 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Surplus 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

49

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(dollars in thousands except share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Interest income 

Loans and fees on loans 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

Federal funds sold 

Interest on taxable securities 

Interest on nontaxable securities 

Dividends 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Interest on borrowings 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Other service charges and fees 

Net realized gains (losses) on securities 

() 

Mortgage origination fees 

Increase in cash value of life insurance 

Life insurance income 

Other income 

Noninterest expenses 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy and equipment 

Data processing expense 

FDIC Assessments 

Advertising 

Bank franchise tax 

Director fees 

Professional fees 

Telephone expense 

Core deposit intangible amortization 

Other expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic earnings per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Dividends declared per share 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

50

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive income 

Net change in pension reserve: 

Change in pension reserve during the year 

() 

Tax related to change in pension reserve 

() 

Unrealized losses on investment securities available for sale: 

Unrealized losses arising during the year 

() 

() 

Tax related to unrealized losses 

Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses during the year 

() 

Tax related to net realized gains (losses) 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

51

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(dollars in thousands except share amounts) 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Common Stock Retained Comprehensive 
 Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 Net income - 
 Other comprehensive loss - 
 Dividends paid 0.27 per share) - 
 Restricted stock Issued 
 Stock awards Issued 
 Share-based compensation - 
 Common stock repurchased (462,759 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Net income - 
 Other comprehensive loss - 
 Dividends paid 0.32 per share) - 
 Restricted stock Issued 
 Stock awards Issued 
 Share-based compensation - 
 Common stock repurchased 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of core deposit intangible 

Accretion of loan discount and deposit premium, net 

() 

() 

Provision for loan loss 

Deferred income taxes 

Net realized losses (gains) on securities 

() 

Accretion of discount on securities, net of amortization of premiums 

Deferred compensation 

Share-based compensation 

Adjustment of carrying value of other real estate owned 

Losses on sale of properties and equipment 

Life insurance income 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Cash value of life insurance 

() 

() 

Accrued interest receivable 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accrued interest payable 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Activity in available for sale securities: 

Purchases 

() 

() 

Sales 

Maturities/calls/paydowns 

Redemption of restricted equity securities 

Net increase in loans 

() 

() 

Purchases of life insurance contracts 

() 

Proceeds from life insurance contracts 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net increase in deposits 

Repayment of FHLB advances 

() 

() 

Advance on short-term line of credit 

Payment on short-term line of credit 

() 

Common stock repurchased 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning 

Cash and cash equivalents, ending 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

53

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities 

Effect on equity of change in net unrealized loss on available for sale securities 

() 

() 

Effect on equity of change in funded pension liability 

() 

Transfer of bank property to other real estate owned 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

54

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock of the Company, while each share of Cardinal common stock was converted to the right to receive shares of common stock of the Company. The exchange ratios resulted in Grayson shareholders receiving approximately of the newly issued shares of the Company and Cardinal shareholders receiving approximately of the newly issued shares of the Company. The Cardinal merger was completed on July 1, 2016. Grayson was considered the acquiror and Cardinal was considered the acquiree in the transaction for accounting purposes. Upon completion of the Cardinal merger, the Bank of Floyd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cardinal, was merged with and into the Bank (formerly Grayson National Bank), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Grayson. Effective March 13, 2017, the Bank changed its name to Skyline National Bank. 
 
 On March 1, 2018, the Company entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired Great State Bank Great State ), based in Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The agreement provided for the merger of Great State with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving bank (the Great State merger ). The transaction closed and the merger became effective on July 1, 2018. Each share of Great State common stock was converted into the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock. The Company issued shares and recognized million in surplus in the Great State merger. The Company was considered the acquiror and Great State was considered the acquiree in the transaction for accounting purposes. 
 
 The Bank was organized under the laws of the United States in 1900 and now serves the Virginia counties of Grayson, Floyd, Carroll, Wythe, Pulaski, Montgomery and Roanoke, and the North Carolina counties of Alleghany, Ashe, Burke, Caldwell, Catawba, Cleveland, Davie, Watauga, Wilkes, and Yadkin, and the surrounding areas, through twenty-five full-service banking offices. As a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured national banking association, the Bank is subject to regulation by the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC. The Company is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

Purchased Performing Loans The Company accounts for performing loans acquired in business combinations using the contractual cash flows method of recognizing discount accretion based on the acquired loans contractual cash flows. Purchased performing loans are recorded at fair value, including a credit discount. The fair value discount is accreted as an adjustment to yield over the estimated lives of the loans. There is no allowance for loan losses established at the acquisition date for purchased performing loans. A provision for loan losses is recorded for any further deterioration in these loans subsequent to the acquisition. 
 
 Purchased Credit-Impaired PCI Loans Loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination, and for which it is probable that all contractually required payments will not be collected, are considered credit impaired. Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of the purchase date may include statistics such as internal risk grade and past due and nonaccrual status. Purchased impaired loans generally meet the Company s definition for nonaccrual status. PCI loans are initially measured at fair value, which reflects estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan. Accordingly, the associated allowance for credit losses related to these loans is not carried over at the acquisition date. Any excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan when there is a reasonable expectation about the amount and timing of such cash flows. The difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the nonaccretable difference, and is available to absorb credit losses on those loans. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for loan losses. Subsequent significant increases in cash flows result in a reversal of the provision for loan losses to the extent of prior charges, or a reclassification of the nonaccretable difference with a positive impact on future interest income. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for all loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 
 
 Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Bank does not separately identify individual consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement. 

Also, in response to the COVID- 19 pandemic, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB ), the FDIC, the National Credit Union Administration, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ), and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, in consultation with the state financial regulators (collectively, the agencies issued a joint interagency statement (issued March 22, 2020; revised statement issued April 7, 2020). Some of the provisions applicable to the Company include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Accounting for Loan Modifications - Loan modifications that do not meet the conditions of the CARES Act may still qualify as a modification that does not need to be accounted for as a TDR. The agencies confirmed with FASB staff that short-term modifications made on a good faith basis in response to COVID- 19 to borrowers who were current prior to any relief are not TDRs. This includes short-term modifications such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or insignificant delays in payment. See Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses and Impaired Loans for more information. 
 
 Past Due Reporting - With regard to loans not otherwise reportable as past due, financial institutions are not expected to designate loans with deferrals granted due to COVID- 19 as past due because of the deferrals. A loan s payment date is governed by the due date stipulated in the legal agreement. If a financial institution agrees to a payment deferral, these loans would not be considered past due during the period of the deferral. 
 
 Nonaccrual Status and Charge-offs - During short-term COVID- 19 modifications, these loans generally should not be reported as nonaccrual or as classified. 
 
 The Company offered short-term loan modifications to assist borrowers during the COVID- 19 pandemic. These modifications generally involved principal and/or interest payment deferrals for up to six months. These modifications generally meet the criteria of both Section 4013 of the CARES Act and the joint interagency statement, and therefore, the Company did not account for such loan modifications as TDRs. As the COVID- 19 pandemic persisted in negatively impacting the economy, the Company offered additional loan modifications to borrowers struggling as a result of COVID- 19. Similar to the initial modifications granted, the additional round of loan modifications were granted specifically under Section 4013 of the CARES Act and generally involved principal and/or interest payment deferrals for up to an additional six months for commercial and consumer loans, and principal-only deferrals for up to an additional 12 months for selected commercial loans. On August 3, 2020, the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council FFIEC on behalf of its members issued a joint statement on additional loan accommodations related to COVID- 19. The joint statement clarified that for loan modifications in which Section 4013 is being applied, subsequent modifications could also be eligible under Section 4013. To be eligible, each loan modification had to be 1 related to the COVID- 19 event; 2 executed on a loan that was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019; and 3 executed between March 1, 2020, and the earlier of (A) 60 days after the date of termination of the National Emergency or (B) December 31, 2020. The December 31, 2020 deadline was subsequently extended to January 1, 2022 by the CAA. Substantially all of the Company s additional round of loan modifications granted under Section 4013 of the CARES Act are in compliance with the aforementioned FFIEC requirements. Accordingly, the Company did not account for such loan modifications as TDRs. 

- 
 Furniture and equipment - 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 Mortgage Origination Fees Mortgage origination fees consist of commissions received on mortgage loans closed in the secondary market. The Company acts as an intermediary between the Company s customer and companies that specialize in mortgage lending in the secondary market. The Company s performance obligation is generally satisfied when the mortgage loan is closed and funded and the Company receives its commission at that time. Fees for these services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to thousand and million, respectively. 
 
 Other Service Charges and Fees - Other service charges include safety deposit box rental fees, check ordering charges, and other service charges. Safe deposit box rental fees are charged to the customer on an annual basis and recognized upon receipt of payment. The Company determined that since rentals and renewals occur fairly consistently over time, revenue is recognized on a basis consistent with the duration of the performance obligation. Check ordering charges are transactional based, and therefore, the Company s performance obligation is satisfied, and related revenue recognized, at a point in time. In addition, the following items are also included in other service charges and fees on the consolidated statements of income: 
 
 ATM, Credit and Debit Card Fees - ATM fees are primarily generated when a Company cardholder uses a non-Company ATM or a non-Company cardholder uses a Company ATM. Credit and debit card fees are primarily comprised of interchange fee income and merchant services income. Interchange fees are earned whenever the Company s debit and credit cards are processed through card payment networks such as Visa or Mastercard. Merchant services income mainly represents fees charged to merchants to process their debit and credit card transactions, in addition to account management fees. The Company s performance obligation for ATM fees, interchange fee income, and merchant services income are largely satisfied, and related revenue recognized, when the services are rendered or upon completion. Payment is typically received immediately or in the following month. Fees for these services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. 

Insurance and Investment - Insurance income primarily consists of commissions received on insurance product sales. The Company acts as an intermediary between the Company s customer and the insurance carrier. The Company s performance obligation is generally satisfied upon the issuance of the insurance policy. Shortly after the insurance policy is issued, the carrier remits the commission payment to the Company, and the Company recognizes the revenue. Investment income consists of recurring revenue streams such as commissions from sales of mutual funds and other investments. Commissions from the sale of mutual funds and other investments are recognized on trade date, which is when the Company has satisfied its performance obligation. The Company also receives periodic service fees (i.e., trailers) from mutual fund companies typically based on a percentage of net asset value. Trailer revenue is recorded over time, usually monthly or quarterly, as net asset value is determined. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company received thousand and thousand, respectively in income from these services. 

thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before Reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Other comprehensive loss before Reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

million upon adoption compared to its allowance for loan losses of million at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company expects to recognize a liability for unfunded commitments of approximately thousand upon adoption. The impact of the initial adoption will be reflected in the Company s financial statements included in its quarterly report on Form 10 -Q for the period ending March 31, 2023. 
 
 In January 2017, the FASB amended the Goodwill and Other Topic of the Accounting Standards Codification ASC to simplify the accounting for goodwill impairment for public business entities and other entities that have goodwill reported in their financial statements and have not elected the private company alternative for the subsequent measurement of goodwill. The amendment removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The effective date and transition requirements for the technical corrections will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for interim and annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. 
 
 In May 2019, the FASB issued guidance to provide entities with an option to irrevocably elect the fair value option, applied on an instrument-by-instrument basis for eligible instruments, upon adoption of ASU 2016 - 13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In November 2019, the FASB issued guidance that addresses issues raised by stakeholders during the implementation of ASU 2016 - 13. The amendments affect a variety of Topics in the ASC. For entities that have not yet adopted the amendments in ASU 2016 - 13, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal. Early adoption is permitted in any interim period as long as an entity has adopted the amendments in ASU 2016 - 13. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In November 2019, the FASB issued guidance to defer the effective dates for private companies, not -for-profit organizations, and certain smaller reporting companies applying standards on CECL. Since the Company is a smaller reporting company, the new effect date for CECL will be fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued guidance to provide temporary optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. The amendments are effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2021, the FASB issued amendments to update SEC paragraphs in the ASC to reflect the issuance of SEC Release No. 33 - 10786, Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses, and No. 33 - 10835, Update of Statistical Disclosures for Bank and Savings and Loan Registrants. The amendments are effective upon issuance. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022 - 02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326 ), Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022 - 02 addresses areas identified by the FASB as part of its post-implementation review of the credit losses standard (ASU 2016 - 13 that introduced the CECL model. The amendments eliminate the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings by creditors that have adopted the CECL model and enhance the disclosure requirements for loan refinancings and restructurings made with borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. In addition, the amendments require a public business entity to disclose current-period gross write-offs for financing receivables and net investment in leases by year of origination in the vintage disclosures. The amendments in this ASU should be applied prospectively, except for the transition method related to the recognition and measurement of TDRs, an entity has the option to apply a modified retrospective transition method, resulting in a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings in the period of adoption. For entities that have adopted ASU 2016 - 13, ASU 2022 - 02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities that have not yet adopted ASU 2016 - 13, the effective dates for ASU 2022 - 02 are the same as the effective dates in ASU 2016 - 13. Early adoption is permitted if an entity has adopted ASU 2016 - 13. An entity may elect to early adopt the amendments about TDRs and related disclosure enhancements separately from the amendments related to vintage disclosures. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued amendments to clarify the guidance on the fair value measurement of an equity security that is subject to a contractual sale restriction and require specific disclosures related to such an equity security. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In December 2022, the FASB issued amendments to extend the period of time preparers can use the reference rate reform relief guidance under ASC Topic 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024, to address the fact that all London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR tenors were not discontinued as of December 31, 2021, and some tenors will be published until June 2023. The amendments are effective immediately for all entities and applied prospectively. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 
 Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

percent effective March 26, 2020, therefore, there were required reserve balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

67

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

U.S. Government agencies 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 Corporate securities 
 State and municipal securities 
 
 2021 
 Available for sale: 
 U.S. Government agencies 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 Corporate securities 
 State and municipal securities 

Restricted equity securities totaled million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted equity securities consist of investments in stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLB ), CBB Financial Corp., Pacific Coast Bankers Bank, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, all of which are carried at cost. All of these entities are upstream correspondents of the Bank. The FHLB requires financial institutions to make equity investments in the FHLB in order to borrow money. The Bank is required to hold that stock so long as it borrows from the FHLB. The Federal Reserve requires Banks to purchase stock as a condition for membership in the Federal Reserve System. The Bank s stock in CBB Financial Corp. and Pacific Coast Bankers Bank is restricted only in the fact that the stock may only be repurchased by the respective banks. 
 
 The following tables details unrealized losses and related fair values in the Company s available for sale investment securities portfolios. This information is aggregated by the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

U.S. Government agencies 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 State and municipal securities 
 Total securities available for sale 
 
 2021 
 Available for sale: 
 U.S. Government agencies 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 State and municipal securities 
 Total securities available for sale 

At December 31, 2022, investment securities with unrealized losses had depreciated percent from their total amortized cost basis. Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. The relative significance of these and other factors will vary on a case-by-case basis. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, the results of reviews of the issuer s financial condition and the issuer s anticipated ability to pay the contractual cash flows of the investments. Since the Company intends to hold all of its investment securities until maturity, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell any of its investment securities before unrealized losses have been recovered, and the Company expects to recover the entire amount of the amortized cost basis of all its securities, none of the securities are deemed other than temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. Management continues to monitor all of these securities with a high degree of scrutiny. There can be no assurance that the Company will not conclude in future periods that conditions existing at that time indicate some or all of these securities are other than temporarily impaired, which could require a charge to earnings in such periods. 
 
 Proceeds from the sales of investment securities available for sale were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Proceeds from called securities totaled million and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gains and losses on the sale of investment securities are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method. Gross realized gains and losses for the years ended December 31 are as follows: 

Realized losses 

There were no securities transferred between the available for sale and held to maturity portfolios or other sales of held to maturity securities during the periods presented. In the future management may elect to classify securities as held to maturity based upon such considerations as the nature of the security, the Bank s ability to hold the security until maturity, and general economic conditions. 
 
 The scheduled maturities of securities available for sale at December 31, 2022, were as follows: 

Due after one year through five years 
 Due after five years through ten years 
 Due after ten years 

Maturities of mortgage-backed securities are based on contractual amounts. Actual maturity will vary as loans underlying the securities are prepaid. 
 
 Investment securities with amortized cost of approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral on public deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 

Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural 
 SBA-PPP 
 Consumer other 
 Total loans, net of deferred fees and costs 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 

Included in total loans above are deferred loan fees of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Deferred loan costs were million and million, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Income from net deferred fees and costs is recognized over the lives of the respective loans as a yield adjustment. If loans repay prior to schedule maturities and unamortized fee or cost is recognized at that time. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially all of the Bank s residential 1 - 4 family loans were pledged as collateral toward borrowings with the Federal Home Loan Bank. 
 
 Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program 
 
 Gross SBA-PPP loans totaling thousand with net deferred fees of thousand remained on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Gross SBA-PPP loans totaling million with net deferred fees of million remained on the balance sheet at December 31, 2021. These fees, net of direct costs relating to the origination of these loans, have been deferred and are being amortized over the life of the loans. Loan forgiveness payments will be treated as prepayments and recognized as they occur. A summary of our SBA-PPP loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by SBA tier is as follows: 

Over 350,000 to less than 2 million 
 Up to 350,000 
 Total 

Over 350,000 to less than 2 million 
 Up to 350,000 
 Total 

A summary of our SBA-PPP loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by industry is as follows: 

Retail Trade 
 Construction 
 Health Care Social Assistance 
 Accommodation Retail Services 
 Educational Services 
 General Other 
 Total 

Retail Trade 
 Construction 
 Health Care Social Assistance 
 Accommodation Retail Services 
 Educational Services 
 General Other 
 Total 

A provision for loan losses is charged against operations and is added to the allowance for loan losses based on quarterly comprehensive analyses of the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses is allocated to certain loan categories based on the relative risk characteristics, asset classifications and actual loss experience of the loan portfolio. While management has allocated the allowance for loan losses to various loan portfolio segments, the allowance is general in nature and is available for the loan portfolio in its entirety. 
 
 As noted in Note 1, the Company determined that SBA-PPP loans have zero expected credit losses and as such are excluded from the disclosures included in the following table. The following table presents activity in the allowance by loan category and information on the loans evaluated individually for impairment and collectively evaluated for impairment as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses and Recorded Investment in Loans 

Charge-offs - - - - 
 Recoveries - 
 Provision 
 Ending Balance 
 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment - - - - 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 Loans outstanding: 
 Ending Balance 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment - - - 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: purchased credit impaired loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Allowance for loan losses: 
 Beginning Balance 
 Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision 
 Ending Balance 
 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 Loans outstanding: 
 Ending Balance 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: purchased credit impaired loans - - - 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Bank had unallocated reserves included in the allowance for loan losses. 

Management closely monitors the quality of the loan portfolio and has established a loan review process designed to help grade the quality of the Bank s loan portfolio. The Bank s loan ratings coincide with the Substandard, Doubtful and Loss classifications used by federal regulators in their examination of financial institutions. Generally, an asset is considered Substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligors and/or the collateral pledged. Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured financial institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in assets classified Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as Loss are those considered uncollectible, and of such little value that its continuance on the books is not warranted. Assets that do not currently expose the insured financial institutions to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but otherwise possess weaknesses are designated Special Mention. Management also maintains a listing of loans designated Watch . These loans represent borrowers with declining earnings, strained cash flow, increasing leverage and/or weakening market fundamentals that indicate above average risk. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, the Bank had no loans graded Doubtful or Loss included in the balance of total loans outstanding. 
 
 The following table lists the loan grades utilized by the Bank and the corresponding total of outstanding loans in each category as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 Credit Risk Profile by Internally Assigned Grades 

Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Non-Real Estate Secured: 
 Commercial agricultural 
 SBA-PPP 
 Consumer other 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Real Estate Secured: 
 Construction development 
 Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Non-Real Estate Secured: 
 Commercial agricultural 
 SBA-PPP 
 Consumer other 
 Total 

Loans may be placed in nonaccrual status when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payments as they become due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received. Payments received are first applied to principal, and any remaining funds are then applied to interest. Loans are removed from nonaccrual status when they are deemed a loss and charged to the allowance, transferred to foreclosed assets, or returned to accrual status based upon performance consistent with the original terms of the loan or a subsequent restructuring thereof. 
 
 The following table presents an age analysis of nonaccrual and past due loans by category as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Non-Real Estate Secured: 
 Commercial agricultural 
 SBA-PPP 
 Consumer other 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Real Estate Secured: 
 Construction development 
 Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Non-Real Estate Secured: 
 Commercial agricultural 
 SBA-PPP 
 Consumer other 
 Total 

Impaired Loans 
 
 A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all contractual principal and interest payments due in accordance with the original or modified terms of the loan agreement. Smaller balance homogenous loans may be collectively evaluated for impairment. Non-homogenous impaired loans are either measured based on the estimated fair value of the collateral less estimated cost to sell if the loan is considered collateral dependent, or measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows if not collateral dependent. The valuation of real estate collateral is subjective in nature and may be adjusted in future periods because of changes in economic conditions. Management considers third -party appraisals, as well as independent fair market value assessments in determining the estimated fair value of particular properties. In addition, as certain of these third -party appraisals and independent fair market value assessments are only updated periodically, changes in the values of specific properties may have occurred subsequent to the most recent appraisals. Accordingly, the amounts of any such potential changes and any related adjustments are generally recorded at the time such information is received. When the measurement of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, impairment is recognized by creating or adjusting an allocation of the allowance for loan losses and uncollected accrued interest is reversed against interest income. If ultimate collection of principal is in doubt, all cash receipts on impaired loans are applied to reduce the principal balance. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the recorded investment in impaired loans totaled million and million, respectively. The total amount of collateral-dependent impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, was thousand and thousand. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, thousand and thousand, respectively, of the recorded investment in impaired loans did not have a related allowance. The Bank had million and million in troubled debt restructured loans included in impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The categories of non-accrual loans and impaired loans overlap, although they are not coextensive. The Bank considers all circumstances regarding the loan and borrower on an individual basis when determining whether an impaired loan should be placed on non-accrual status, such as the financial strength of the borrower, the estimated collateral value, reasons for the delay, payment record, the amount past due and the number of days past due. 
 
 Management collectively evaluates performing TDRs with a loan balance of 250,000 or less for impairment. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, million and million of TDRs included in the following table were evaluated collectively for impairment and were deemed to have thousand and thousand of related allowance. 
 
 The following table is a summary of information related to impaired loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 Impaired Loans 
 
 - 
 Farmland - - - 
 Residential - - - 
 Commercial mortgage - 
 Commercial agricultural - - - 
 Consumer other - - - 
 Subtotal - 
 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Construction development 
 Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural 
 Consumer other - - 
 Subtotal 
 
 Totals: 
 Construction development 
 Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural 
 Consumer other - - 
 Total 

1 Recorded investment is the loan balance, net of any charge-offs 

- 
 Farmland - - - 
 Residential - - - 
 Commercial mortgage - - - 
 Commercial agricultural - - - 
 Consumer other - - - 
 Subtotal - 
 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Construction development 
 Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural 
 Consumer other - - - 
 Subtotal 
 
 Totals: 
 Construction development 
 Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural 
 Consumer other - - - 
 Total 

1 Recorded investment is the loan balance, net of any charge-offs 
 
 The following table shows the average recorded investment and interest income recognized for impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Farmland 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural 2 
 Consumer other - - - 
 Total 

Troubled Debt Restructuring 
 
 A troubled debt restructured loan is a loan for which the Bank, for reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that the Bank would not otherwise consider. 
 
 The loan terms which have been modified or restructured due to a borrower s financial difficulty, include but are not limited to: a reduction in the stated interest rate; an extension of the maturity at an interest rate below current market; a reduction in the face amount of the debt; a reduction in the accrued interest; or re-aging, extensions, deferrals and renewals. 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to the Bank s troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Farmland - - - 
 Residential 
 Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural - - - 
 Consumer other - - - 
 Total 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, three loans were modified that were considered to be TDRs. One residential loan had term concessions granted and additional funds advanced for insurance. The other residential loan had the principal and interest payments modified, interest rate lowered, and maturity date extended. The commercial mortgage loan had the principal and interest payments modified; however, the maturity date remained the same. TDRs identified in the last twelve months subsequently defaulted in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 1 Loans past due 30 days or more are considered to be in default. 
 
 - - - 
 Commercial mortgage - - - 
 Commercial agricultural - - - - - - 
 Consumer other - - - - - - 
 Total - - - 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, loan was modified that was considered to be a TDR. Term concessions were granted on the loan and the loan had additional funds advanced for insurance. TDRs identified in the last twelve months subsequently defaulted in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 1 Loans past due 30 days or more are considered to be in default. 

Modifications in response to COVID- 19 
 
 The Company offered short-term loan modifications to assist borrowers during the COVID- 19 pandemic. These modifications generally involved principal and/or interest payment deferrals for up to six months. As the COVID- 19 pandemic persisted in negatively impacting the economy, the Company offered additional loan modifications to borrowers struggling as a result of COVID- 19. Similar to the initial modifications granted, the additional round of loan modifications generally involved principal and/or interest payment deferrals for up to an additional six months for commercial and consumer loans, and principal-only deferrals for up to an additional 12 months for selected commercial loans. The Company generally accrued and recognized interest income during the forbearance period. The Company offered several repayment options such as immediate repayment, repayment over a designated time period or as a balloon payment at maturity, or by extending the loan term. These modifications generally did not involve forgiveness or interest rate reductions. The CARES Act, along with a joint agency statement issued by banking agencies, provided that modifications made in response to COVID- 19 to borrowers who qualified were not required to be accounted for as a TDR. Accordingly, the Company did not account for such qualifying as TDRs. The relief offered under the CARES Act ended on December 31, 2021. See Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more information. 
 
 The Bank began receiving requests for loan deferments on March 23, 2020 and through December 31, 2021, the Bank approved approximately 250 requests for loan payment deferment of approximately million in loans, all of which have resumed payment. There were no loans with deferments remaining as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Purchased Credit Impaired Loans 
 
 During 2018, the Company acquired loans as a result of the Great State merger, for which there was, at acquisition, evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it was probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. The carrying amount of those loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Commercial mortgage 
 Commercial agricultural 
 Outstanding balance 
 
 Carrying amount 

There was no accretable yield on purchased credit impaired loans for the periods presented. 
 
 There were no purchased credit impaired loans acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 and during the year ended December 31, 2021. Income is not recognized on purchased credit impaired loans if the Company cannot reasonably estimate cash flows expected to be collected. 

78

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. 

Impairment 
 End of the period 

Intangible Assets 
 
 The following table presents the activity for the Company s core deposit intangible assets, which are the only identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization. Core deposit intangibles at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Amortization expense 
 Net book value 

The following table presents the estimated amortization expense of the core deposit intangible over the remaining useful life: 

For the year ended December 31, 2024 
 For the year ended December 31, 2025 
 For the year ended December 31, 2026 
 For the year ended December 31, 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Right-of-use assets 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 
 Weighted average discount rate 

Short-term lease expense 
 Total lease expense 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in lease liabilities 

The following table presents a maturity schedule of undiscounted cash flows that contribute to the lease liabilities: 

Twelve months ending December 31, 2024 
 Twelve months ending December 31, 2025 
 Twelve months ending December 31, 2026 
 Twelve months ending December 31, 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 
 Less discount 
 Lease liabilities 

Money market 

Savings 

Time deposits 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

Total deposits 

The aggregate amount of time deposits in denominations of more than 250 thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million, and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of all time deposits are as follows: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

After Five Years 

Total 

borrowings outstanding classified as short-term. 
 
 On December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a million unsecured revolving line of credit, with a maturity date of December 21, 2022. Interest on the line of credit is variable and is set at prime plus . At December 31, 2021, million was outstanding under this revolving line of credit at a rate of percent and was classified as short-term debt. During 2022, thousand was advanced on the line of credit and in December 2022, the million outstanding on the line of credit was repaid, and the line of credit was not renewed. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had established unsecured lines of credit of approximately million with correspondent banks to provide additional liquidity if, and as needed. In addition, the Bank has the ability to borrow up to approximately million from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ), subject to the pledging of collateral. 

borrowings outstanding classified as long-term and at December 31, 2021, the Bank s long-term borrowings consisted of a million advance from FHLB. During 2022, the Bank prepaid the million advance and incurred a prepayment penalty of thousand. During 2021, the Bank prepaid million of the million advance outstanding at December 31, 2020 and incurred a prepayment penalty of thousand. 

81

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 
 
 Financial Instruments Liabilities 
 Time Deposits - - 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Financial Instruments Assets 
 Net Loans - 
 
 Financial Instruments Liabilities 
 Time Deposits - - 
 FHLB Advances 

The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available for sale and derivatives are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as loans or foreclosed assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 Under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , the Company groups assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These levels are: 
 
 Level 1 Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. 
 
 Level 2 Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 
 
 Level 3 Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques may include the use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. 
 
 Following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. 
 
 Investment Securities Available for Sale 
 
 Investment securities available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in less liquid markets. 
 
 Loans 
 
 The Company does not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses is established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. If a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value, market value of similar debt, enterprise value, liquidation value and discounted cash flows. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans. At December 31, 2022, a small percentage of the total impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral. In accordance with accounting standards, impaired loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When the fair value is based on either an external or internal appraisal and there is no observable market price, the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. 
 
 Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Derivative instruments held or issued by the Company for risk management purposes are traded in over-the-counter markets where quoted market prices are not readily available. Management engages third -party intermediaries to determine the fair market value of these derivative instruments and classifies these instruments as Level 2. Examples of Level 2 derivatives are interest rate swaps, caps and floors. derivative instruments were held during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Other Real Estate Owned 
 
 Other real estate owned is adjusted to fair value upon transfer of the loans, or former bank premises, to other real estate owned. Subsequently, other reals estate owned is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral or management s estimation of the value of the collateral. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price the Company records the other real estate owned as nonrecurring Level 2. When the fair value of the collateral is based on either an external or internal appraisal and there is no observable market price, the Company records the other real estate owned as nonrecurring Level 3. There was a former bank premise valued at thousand in other real estate owned at December 31, 2022 and there was other real estate owned held as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 - - 
 U.S. Government agencies - - 
 Mortgage-backed securities - - 
 Corporate securities - - 
 State and municipal securities - - 
 Total assets at fair value - - 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 U.S. Government agencies - - 
 Mortgage-backed securities - - 
 Corporate securities - - 
 State and municipal securities - - 
 Total assets at fair value - - 

liabilities were recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. There were no significant transfers between levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 The Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These include assets and liabilities that are measured at the lower of cost or market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period. liabilities were recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are included in the table below. 

Other real estate owned 
 Total assets at fair value 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Impaired loans 
 Other real estate owned 
 Total assets at fair value 

For Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows: 
 
 Appraised Value/Discounted Cash Flows/Market Value of Note Discounts to reflect current market conditions, ultimate collectability, and estimated costs to sell 
 
 Other Real Estate Owned Appraised Value/Comparable Sales/Other Estimates from Independent Sources Discounts to reflect current market conditions and estimated costs to sell 

Interest cost 
 Actuarial gain 
 Benefits paid 
 Settlement (gain) loss 
 Benefit obligation at end of year 
 Change in plan assets 
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 Benefits paid 
 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 Funded status at the end of the year 

Unrecognized net actuarial loss 
 Amount recognized in other assets 
 
 Amounts recognized in accumulated comprehensive loss 
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss 
 Deferred taxes 
 Amount recognized in accumulated comprehensive loss, net 
 
 Prepaid benefit detail 
 Benefit obligation 
 Fair value of assets 
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss 
 Prepaid benefit cost 
 
 Components of net periodic pension cost 
 Interest cost 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Recognized net loss due to settlement 
 Recognized net actuarial loss 
 Net periodic benefit expense 
 
 Additional disclosure information 
 Accumulated benefit obligation 
 Vested benefit obligation 
 Discount rate used for net periodic pension cost 
 Discount rate used for disclosure 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 Average remaining service (years) 

Using the same fair value hierarchy described in Note 12, the fair values of the Company s pension plan assets, by asset category, are as follows: 

Mutual funds fixed income 
 Total assets at fair value 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Mutual funds equities 
 Mutual funds fixed income 
 Total assets at fair value 

Estimated Future Benefit Payments 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 2032 

Funding Policy 
 
 It has been Bank practice to contribute the maximum tax-deductible amount each year as determined by the plan administrator. As a result of prior year contributions exceeding the minimum requirements, a Prefunding Balance existed as of December 31, 2022 and there is no required contribution for 2023. Based on this we do not anticipate making a contribution to the plan in 2023. 
 
 Long-Term Rate of Return 
 
 The plan sponsor selects the expected long-term rate-of-return-on-assets assumption in consultation with their investment advisors and actuary. This rate is intended to reflect the average rate of earnings expected to be earned on the funds invested or to be invested to provide plan benefits. Historical performance is reviewed especially with respect to real rates of return (net of inflation) for the major asset classes held, or anticipated to be held by the trust, and for the trust itself. Undue weight is not given to recent experience that may not continue over the measurement period with higher significance placed on current forecasts of future long-term economic conditions. 
 
 Because assets are held in a qualified trust, anticipated returns are not reduced for taxes. Further solely for this purpose the plan is assumed to continue in force and not terminate during the period during which the assets are invested. However, consideration is given to the potential impact of current and future investment policy, cash flow into and out of the trust, and expenses (both investment and non-investment) typically paid from plan assets (to the extent such expenses are not explicitly estimated within periodic cost). 
 
 Asset Allocation 
 
 The pension plan s weighted-average asset allocations at December 31, 2022 and 2021, by asset category are as follows: 

Mutual funds equity 
 Total 

The trust fund is sufficiently diversified to maintain a reasonable level of risk without imprudently sacrificing return, with a targeted asset allocation of percent fixed income and percent equities. The Investment Manager selects investment fund managers with demonstrated experience and expertise, and funds with demonstrated historical performance, for the implementation of the Plan s investment strategy. The Investment Manager will consider both actively and passively managed investment strategies and will allocate funds across the asset classes to develop an efficient investment structure. 

It is the responsibility of the Trustee to administer the investments of the Trust within reasonable costs, being careful to avoid sacrificing quality. These costs include, but are not limited to, management and custodial fees, consulting fees, transaction costs and other administrative costs chargeable to the Trust. 
 
 Floyd Plan 
 
 The Company participates in the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions The Pentegra DB Plan ), a tax-qualified defined-benefit pension plan. The Pentegra DB Plan operates as a multi-employer plan for accounting purposes and is a multiple-employer plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code. There are no collective bargaining agreements in place that require contributions to the Pentegra DB Plan. 
 
 The Pentegra DB Plan is a single plan under Internal Revenue Code Section 413 (C) and, as a result, all of the assets stand behind all of the liabilities. Accordingly, under the Pentegra DB Plan, contributions made by a participating employer may be used to provide benefits to participants of other participating employers. 
 
 Funded Status (market value of plan assets divided by funding target) as of July 1 , 

Employer Contributions 
 
 Plan expenses paid by the Company totaled approximately thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 VBA Defined Contribution Plan for Skyline National Bank 
 
 The Bank has established a qualified defined contribution plan that covers all eligible employees of the Bank who have completed at least three months of service. The Bank makes a safe harbor matching contribution of of the first of compensation and on the next of compensation, up to a maximum of . Additional amounts may be contributed at the discretion of the Bank. Participants are immediately vested in their contributions and the Bank s safe harbor matching and discretionary contributions. The Bank expensed thousand and thousand related to the defined contribution plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

88

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to are payable for ten years certain, generally beginning at age . Reduced benefits apply in cases of early retirement or death prior to the benefit date, as defined. The liability accrued for compensation deferred under the plan amounts to thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Expense charged against income and included in salary and benefits expense was thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Charges to income are based on changes in present value of future cash payments, discounted at percent, consistent with prior years. 
 
 Supplemental executive retirement plans for certain executive officers were adopted in 2017 and 2022. The plans provide for annual payments ranging from to , payable in monthly installments, and continuing for the life of the executive. Reduced benefits apply in cases of early retirement. The liability accrued for this obligation was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Expense charged against income and included in salary and benefits expense was thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively, for these supplemental executive retirement plans. 
 
 Prior to the Cardinal merger, the Bank of Floyd had adopted supplemental executive plans to provide benefits for two former members of management. Aggregate annual payments of thousand are payable for years, beginning subsequent to the executive s last day of employment. The liability is calculated by discounting the anticipated future cash flows at . The liability accrued for this obligation was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Charges to income amounted to approximately thousand and thousand for 2022 and 2021, respectively. These plans are unfunded; however, life insurance has been acquired in amounts sufficient to discharge the obligations of the agreements. 

89

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares have been issued under the Equity Plan, leaving shares available for future grants. 
 
 On February 18, 2022, restricted stock awards were issued at a price of per share. These awards vest on December 15, 2022, on December 15, 2023, on December 15, 2024, on December 15, 2025, and on December 15, 2026. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, thousand and thousand, respectively, was recognized as compensation expense related to share-based compensation for restricted stock awards. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards was thousand. The unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The following table presents the activity for restricted stock: 

- 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

- 

Unvested as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

- 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

On December 31, 2022, stock awards were issued at a price of per share to non-employee directors, which immediately vested. For the year ended December 31, 2022, thousand was recognized as compensation expense related to share-based compensation for these stock awards. On December 31, 2021, stock awards were issued at a price of per share to non-employee directors, which immediately vested. For the year ended December 31, 2021, thousand was recognized as compensation expense related to share-based compensation for these stock awards. 

90

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Deferred 

Rate Reconciliation 
 
 A reconciliation of income tax expense computed at the statutory federal income tax rate to income tax expense included in the statements of income follows: 

Tax exempt interest income 
 Tax exempt insurance income 
 State income tax, net of federal benefit 
 Other 

Deferred Income Tax Analysis 
 
 The significant components of net deferred tax assets (all Federal) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Acquired loan credit mark 
 Deferred compensation 
 Investment impairment charge recorded directly to stockholders equity as a component of other comprehensive income 
 Minimum pension liability 
 Net operating loss carryforward 
 Nonaccrual interest income 
 Net unrealized losses on securities available for sale 
 Other 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Deferred loan origination costs 
 Core deposit intangible 
 Accrued pension costs 
 Depreciation 
 Other real estate owned 
 Accretion of discount on investment securities, net 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

In March of 2020, the CARES Act was enacted and made significant changes to federal tax laws, including certain changes that were retroactive to the December 31, 2019 tax year. Changes in tax laws are accounted for in the period of enactment and the retroactive effects were recognized in these financial statements. There were material income tax consequences of this enacted legislation on the reporting period of these financial statements. 
 
 The Bank has analyzed the tax positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns and concluded it has no liability related to uncertain tax positions in accordance with applicable regulations. Tax returns for the years subsequent to 2019 remain subject to examination by both federal and state tax authorities. 
 
 Deferred tax assets or liabilities are initially recognized for differences between the financial statement carrying amount and the tax basis of assets and liabilities which will result in future deductible or taxable amounts and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. A valuation allowance is then established, as applicable, to reduce the deferred tax asset to the level at which it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized. Sources of taxable income that may allow for the realization of tax benefits include 1 taxable income in the current year or prior years that is available through carry-back, 2 future taxable income that will result from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, and 3 taxable income generated by future operations. There is valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net operating loss of approximately million, if not utilized will begin to expire in 2031. It is management s belief that realization of the deferred tax asset is more likely than not. 

New loans 

Repayments 

() 

() 

Change in relationship 

() 

Balance, ending 

The Company has accepted deposits during the ordinary course of business from certain directors and executive officers of the Company and from their affiliates and associates. The total amount of these deposits outstanding was million, and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

92

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Standby letters of credit 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, residential real estate and income-producing commercial properties. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Collateral held varies as specified above and is required in instances which the Bank deems necessary. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 
 Substantially all of the Bank s loans, commitments to extend credit, and standby letters of credit have been granted to customers in the Bank s market area and such customers are generally depositors of the Bank. Investments in state and municipal securities involve governmental entities within and outside the Bank s market area. The concentrations of credit by type of loan are set forth in Note 4. The distribution of commitments to extend credit approximates the distribution of loans outstanding. Standby letters of credit are granted primarily to commercial borrowers. The Bank s primary focus is toward small business and consumer transactions, and accordingly, it does not have a significant number of credits to any single borrower or group of related borrowers. The Bank has cash and cash equivalents on deposit with financial institutions which exceed federally insured limits. 

93

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

percent of its capital and surplus to its Parent, if the loan is secured. If collateral is in the form of stocks, bonds, debentures or similar obligations, it must have a market value when the loan is made of at least percent more than the amount of the loan, and if obligations of a state or political subdivision or agency thereof, it must have a market value of at least percent more than the amount of the loan. If such loans are secured by obligations of the United States or agencies thereof, or by notes, drafts, bills of exchange or bankers acceptances eligible for rediscount or purchase by a Federal Reserve Bank, requirements for collateral in excess of the loan amount do not apply. Under this definition, the legal lending limit for the Bank on loans to the Company was approximately million at December 31, 2022. No 23A transactions were deemed to exist between the Company and the Bank at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 
 The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory - and possibly additional discretionary - actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Bank's financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2015, the federal banking regulators adopted rules to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rules required the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of of risk-weighted assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of of risk-weighted assets; (iii) a total capital ratio of of risk-weighted assets; and (iv) a leverage ratio of of total assets. As fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the rules require the Bank to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus a capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 4.5 common equity Tier 1 ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least ), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0 Tier 1 capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of ), (iii) a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0 total capital ratio, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of ), and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets. 
 
 Under Basel III Capital requirements, a capital conservation buffer of became effective beginning on January 1, 2016. The capital conservation buffer was gradually increased through January 1, 2019 to . The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banks are now required to maintain levels that meet the required minimum plus the capital conservation buffer in order to make distributions, such as dividends, or discretionary bonus payments. The Banks s capital conservation buffer is as of December 31, 2022. 

The rules also revised the prompt corrective action framework, which is designed to place restrictions on insured depository institutions if their capital levels begin to show signs of weakness. Under the prompt corrective action requirements, which are designed to complement the capital conservation buffer, insured depository institutions are required to meet the following capital level requirements in order to qualify as well capitalized: a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 ; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8 ; a total capital ratio of 10 ; and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of . 
 
 The Company meets eligibility criteria of a small bank holding company in accordance with the Federal Reserve Board s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, and is not obligated to report consolidated regulatory capital. The Bank s actual capital amounts and ratios are presented in the following table as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These ratios comply with Federal Reserve rules to align with the Basel III Capital requirements effective January 1, 2015. 

Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk weighted assets) 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average total assets) 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Total Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk weighted assets) 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average total assets) 

On September 17, 2019 the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation finalized a rule that introduces an optional simplified measure of capital adequacy for qualifying community banking organizations (i.e., the community bank leverage ratio CBLR framework; as required by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act. The CBLR framework is designed to reduce burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework. 
 
 In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a Tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than , less than billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements under the prompt corrective action regulations and will not be required to report or calculated risk-based capital. 
 
 The CBLR framework was available for banks to use in their December 31, 2022, Call Report. At this time the Company has elected not to opt into the CBLR framework for the Bank, but may opt into the CBLR framework in the future. 

95

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Investment in affiliate bank 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities 
 Borrowings 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Common stock 
 Surplus 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Statements of Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Expenses 
 Interest on borrowings 
 Share-based compensation 
 Management and professional fees 
 Other expenses 
 
 Income before tax benefit and equity in undistributed income of affiliate 
 
 Federal income tax benefit 
 
 Income before equity in undistributed income of affiliate 
 
 Equity in undistributed income of affiliate 
 Net income 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: 
 Equity in undistributed income of affiliate 
 Share-based compensation 
 Change in other assets 
 Change in other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Investment in affiliate 
 Net cash used by investing activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Advance on short-term line of credit 
 Repayment on short-term line of credit 
 Common stock repurchased 
 Dividends paid 
 Net cash used by financing activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning 
 Cash and cash equivalents, ending 

97

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management has conducted and assessment of the design and effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 Management maintains a comprehensive system of internal control to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The system of internal control provides for appropriate division of responsibility and is documented by written policies and procedures that are communicated to employees. Those policies and procedures: 1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the Company, 2) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors, 3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control system, including the possibility of human effort and the circumvention or overriding of internal controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Changes in conditions will also impact the internal control effectiveness over time. The Company maintains an internal auditing program, under the supervision of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which independently assesses the effectiveness of the system of internal control and recommends possible improvements. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is adequate and effective and meets the criteria of the Internal Control Integrated Framework . 
 
 Management s assessment did not determine any material weaknesses within the Company s internal control structure. There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

98

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm, regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors 
 
 The following biographical information discloses each director s age and business experience, and the year that each individual was first elected to the Board of Directors of the Company. Previous service on the boards of Grayson, Cardinal, or Great State prior to the merger with and into the Company is also disclosed, as are the specific skills or attributes that qualify each director for service on the Board of Directors. 
 
 Thomas M. Jackson, Jr. (65) Mr. Jackson has been Chairman of the Board of the Company since its inception in November 2015. Previously he was named a board member for Grayson and Grayson National Bank in 2002 and was elected Chairman in 2012. Mr. Jackson is a practicing attorney and the owner of Jackson Law Group, PLLC, with offices in Hillsville and Wytheville, Virginia. He also has a black angus beef farm at his family home place in Wythe County. He was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1987 and served as a 6 th District Representative until 2002. Following his retirement from the General Assembly, he was appointed to the Virginia State Board of Education for a four-year term, serving as Board of Education President the last three years. Mr. Jackson s knowledge of real estate and contract law assists the Bank in its real estate and commercial lending activities. Through his service in the legislature and his current legal practice he has gained extensive knowledge of the communities served by the Company and the Bank. 
 
 James W. Shortt (60) Mr. Shortt has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015 and has served as Vice Chairman since June 2016. Mr. Shortt served as a director of Cardinal and the Bank of Floyd from 2012 to 2016, serving as Vice Chairman from 2012 to 2015 and Chairman from 2015 to 2016. He is a partner of Shortt Murrell, P.C., a general practice law firm with its principal office in Floyd, Virginia. Mr. Shortt is particularly qualified to serve on the Board by virtue of his legal background, especially with regard to his knowledge of real estate law and corporate and business transactions. Mr. Shortt has been practicing law in Virginia since 1988. Mr. Shortt is a graduate of the University of Richmond School of Law and Virginia Tech. 
 
 Jacky K. Anderson (71) Mr. Anderson has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015. He served as a director of Grayson and Grayson National Bank from 1992 to 2016. Mr. Anderson retired from Grayson and Grayson National Bank in 2013 where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Grayson and Grayson National Bank from 2000 to 2013. Mr. Anderson began working for Grayson National Bank in 1971, giving him over 49 years of experience in the banking industry. During his tenure Mr. Anderson gained in-depth knowledge of the laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry and developed extensive customer and community relationships. 
 
 Dr. J. Howard Conduff, Jr. (64) Dr. Conduff has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015. He served as a director of Cardinal and the Bank of Floyd for many years, representing a third-generation family member to serve on the Cardinal Board. Dr. Conduff is a private practice dentist in Floyd, Virginia. He is a community leader in the Bank s market area where he serves on numerous civic boards. Dr. Conduff has substantial banking experience due to the length of his service on the Cardinal Board. He currently serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee for the Company. Dr. Conduff is a graduate of the Virginia Military Institute and the MCV School of Dentistry. 

99

Blake M. Edwards, Jr. (57) Mr. Edwards, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank since January 2019, previously served as the Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank from November 2015 to December 2018. Prior to that he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Grayson and Grayson National Bank since 1999, and as Senior Executive Vice President since 2013. Before joining Grayson, Mr. Edwards worked with a public accounting firm where his primary focus was providing audit and advisory services to community banks. He is a graduate of Radford University and has also attended the AICPA s School of Banking at the University of Virginia and the Graduate School of Bank Investments and Financial Management at the University of South Carolina. Locally, Mr. Edwards serves as a member of the Joint Governing Board of DLP, Twin County Regional Healthcare, Inc., and as a Director of the Blue Ridge Discovery Center. He also serves as a Director of the Virginia Association of Community Banks and as a member of the Government Relations Committee of the Virginia Bankers Association. 
 
 Bryan L. Edwards (72) Mr. Edwards has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015. He served as a director of Grayson and Grayson National Bank from 2005 to 2016. Mr. Edwards served as the manager of the Town of Sparta, North Carolina from 2004 until his retirement in September of 2020. Prior to that he served as Human Resources/Special Projects Purchasing Director for NAPCO, Inc., a manufacturing company, also in Sparta. He is also a North Carolina licensed real estate broker. His experience allows him to provide working knowledge of local governments and tax authorities as well as insight into local economic and real estate market conditions. Mr. Edwards also serves on the Board of Directors of Blue Ridge Energy, a rural electric cooperative based in Lenoir, North Carolina, since 2007. He is past Chairman of the Virginia-Carolina Water Authority in Independence, Virginia and also past president of the Alleghany County Chamber of Economic Development. 
 
 T. Mauyer Gallimore (80) Mr. Gallimore has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015. He served as a director of Cardinal and the Bank of Floyd from 2012 to 2016. Mr. Gallimore is a native of Floyd, Virginia and he has been a small business owner in Floyd County for over 40 years. Mr. Gallimore is the retired owner and founder of Blue Ridge Land and Auction Co., Inc. and has over 30 years of experience as a Certified Real Estate Appraiser. His in-depth knowledge of the real estate market in our primary service areas is a valuable resource for our board and management as the majority of the Bank s loans are secured by real estate. 
 
 A. Melissa Gentry (58) Ms. Gentry has been a director of the Company since June 2016. She was appointed to the board of Cardinal in April 2016. Ms. Gentry is the Chief Financial Officer of Shelor Motor Mile, Inc., where she oversees all financial, accounting and recordkeeping functions for 31 affiliated entities. These entities include automotive sales and service, consumer finance, insurance sales, real estate investment, construction and development, restaurants, retail stores, hotels, cattle and crop farming representing approximately 425 million in annual revenues and over 200 million in inventories and properties. Her business experience gives her vast insight into economic conditions in and around the New River Valley and her accounting expertise is a significant asset for the board and management. Ms. Gentry is a graduate of Virginia Tech and is currently serving on the Board of Directors for two non-profit organizations: New River Valley Health Foundation and Friends of Calfee Park. Ms. Gentry has previously served on the Board for Carilion New River Valley Medical Center. 
 
 R. Devereux Jarratt (81) Mr. Jarratt has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015. He served as a director of Cardinal and the Bank of Floyd from 2013 to 2016. Prior to retiring on December 31, 2014, he had been the Chief Executive Officer of Physicians Care of Virginia since January 1996. Mr. Jarratt has 22 years of experience in the banking industry with various banking institutions, including First National Exchange Bank, Dominion Bankshares Corporation and First Union. Mr. Jarratt has an undergraduate degree in economics, a graduate degree in accounting and is a graduate of the Stonier Graduate School of Banking. His vast business experience, including direct banking experience, combined with his in-depth knowledge of the Cardinal legacy customers and shareholders, are significant assets to the Board. 

100

Theresa S. Lazo (66) Mrs. Lazo has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015. She served as a director of Grayson and Grayson National Bank from 2011 to 2016. Mrs. Lazo currently serves on the Board of Directors of Oak Hill Academy, and she previously served on the Board of Directors of the Chestnut Creek School of the Arts from 2007 to 2014. She also served six years on the Arts Council of the Twin Counties where she held the offices of treasurer, vice president and president at various times during her tenure. Mrs. Lazo served nine years on the Galax City School Board. Through her vast experience with local non-profit organizations and public institutions she has developed extensive personal relationships within the communities served by the Company and the Bank and offers a unique perspective on our markets. 
 
 W. David McNeill (66) Mr. McNeill has been a director of the Company since July 2018. He was one of the Founders of Great State Bank and served on the Board of Directors from 2008 to 2018. Mr. McNeill is owner and operator of Carolina Kia of High Point, Carolina Hyundai of High Point, McNeill Nissan of Wilkesboro and McNeill Chevrolet Buick of Wilkesboro. He is also owner of Carolina Automotive Group, which is primarily a real estate company owning the properties the dealerships do business on. Mr. McNeill is a graduate of UNC -Chapel Hill. 
 
 Frank A. Stewart (61) Mr. Stewart has been a director of the Company since July 2018. He served as director of Great State Bank from 2009 to 2018. Mr. Stewart currently serves on the Caromont Health Board of Directors located in Gaston County, NC. Mr. Stewart has also served in various capacities including Chairman of the Gardner-Webb University Board of Trustees for three years. He received an Honorary Doctorate Degree in Humanities from Gardner-Webb University in May 2016 and has served on the Gardner-Webb University President s Advisory Board. He was appointed by the North Carolina Speaker of the House to the Rural Infrastructure Authority and the North Carolina Ports Authority. Formerly, Mr. Stewart served on the Cleveland Community College Foundation Board of Directors, Coastal Carolina National Bank Board of Directors, on the United Way of Cleveland County Board, and the State Board of the USO of North Carolina. Appointed by the Governor, Frank completed two terms on the North Carolina Advisory Commission on Military Affairs. Mr. Stewart is President of Premier Body Armor, LLC of Gastonia, NC. He is also the owner of Stewart Realty and Stewart Property Management. Previously, he was the owner and founder of Ultra Machine and Fabricating, a sub-contractor manufacturer for several major defense contractors, from 1989 to 2015. Mr. Stewart s strong leadership and commitment to excellence is an asset to the board. Mr. Stewart was born in Barranquilla, Colombia. He moved to the United States in 1982 and received his citizenship in 1992. Mr. Stewart is a graduate of UNC Charlotte with a Bachelor s Degree in Business Administration. 
 
 John Michael Turman (76) Mr. Turman has been a director of the Company since July 2016. He is a long-time resident of Floyd County and has led a variety of businesses in southwest Virginia relating to land, lumber, real estate development, manufacturing, and retail sales. Mr. Turman has developed extensive personal and business relationships throughout the Bank s market area giving him significant knowledge of both current and potential customers as well as shareholders of the Company and the Bank. He attended the University of Virginia s College at Wise and has served on the local Industrial Development Authority. 
 
 J. David Vaughan (55) Mr. Vaughan has been a director of the Company since its inception in November 2015. He served on the board of Grayson and Grayson National Bank from 1999 to 2016. He is the managing partner of My Home Furnishings, LLC, a distributor specializing in youth furniture, located in Mt. Airy, North Carolina, and serves as President of Vaughan Furniture, Incorporated, a furniture distributor located in Galax, Virginia. The furniture industry has historically played a significant role in the local economy of many of the communities served by the Company and Skyline National Bank, and furniture manufacturing still provides a significant source of employment within those communities. Mr. Vaughan s direct knowledge of this industry combined with his financial and managerial experience makes him a valuable resource to the Board. Mr. Vaughan also serves as president of the Wytheville Community College Scholarship Foundation, and as President of Vaughan Restoration Group, which is a group that works in part with the Galax Development Corporation. Mr. Vaughan also serves on the Boards of Directors for Vaughan Furniture Company, Inc., Big V Wholesale Company, Inc., and the Vaughan Foundation. 
 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 
 
 Lori C. Vaught (49) Mrs. Vaught, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank since January 2019, previously served as Controller of the Bank and its predecessor Grayson National Bank from August 2012 to January 2019. She also served as Grayson National Bank s Vice President of Loan Operations from September 2002 to August 2012. Prior to those positions, she worked with two local public accounting firms with a primary focus on audit and tax services. She earned a Bachelor of Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting from Radford University. She serves as a member of the CFO Committee for the Virginia Bankers Association. 

101

Beth R. Worrell (49) Ms. Worrell, Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Bank since January 2019, previously served as an independent consultant to community banks in Virginia and North Carolina, providing outsourced audit, credit review, and compliance services. Ms. Worrell also worked as a shareholder with a large regional public accounting firm where her work was also focused on community banks. She has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics and a Bachelor of Science degree in Business with a concentration in Accounting from Emory Henry College. Ms. Worrell is a Certified Public Accountant and currently serves as Treasurer for the Chestnut Creek School of the Arts. 
 
 Rodney R. Halsey (54) Mr. Halsey, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of the Bank, previously worked for Grayson National Bank since 1992, when he began his career as Grayson National Bank s Loan Review Officer. From 1996 to 2001, Mr. Halsey served as Grayson National Bank s Assistant Vice President and Loan Officer. In 2002, he was promoted to Vice President of Information Systems/Loan Officer, and in 2009, Mr. Halsey was promoted to Senior Vice President of Information Systems/Commercial Loan Officer. In 2011, Mr. Halsey was named the Chief Operating Officer of Grayson National Bank. Mr. Halsey has previously served on the Alleghany Memorial Hospital Foundation and the Mount Rogers Planning District Loan Fund Board. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees for Oak Hill Academy and the Wytheville Community College Educational Foundation. Mr. Halsey graduated from Appalachian State University with a degree in Business Administration. 
 
 C. Greg Edwards (65) Mr. Edwards, Executive Vice President and Regional President, North Carolina for the Bank, previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Great State Bank from 2008 until its acquisition by the Bank in 2018. He was a member of the organizing group of Great State Bank and was elected to the board and President CEO positions at the time the bank incorporated and began operations during July 2008. He previously served as a senior credit officer for Northwestern National Bank (formerly Wilkes National Bank) from 1994 until that bank was acquired by Integrity Financial Corp. (the parent company of Catawba Valley Bank) in 2002. Following that transaction, he joined Bank of Granite in April 2003 where he served as Senior Vice President and County Executive in Wilkes County until he joined the Great State Bank organizing group in December 2006. Mr. Edwards has 44 years of commercial banking experience and served in loan review, credit administration and lending roles prior to the positions above with Southern National Bank, First Union National Bank and Northwestern Bank. 
 
 Jonathan L. Kruckow (38) Mr. Kruckow, Executive Vice President and Regional President, Virginia for the Bank, previously worked for Grayson National Bank since 2012, when he served as Senior Vice President of Commercial Lending. Prior to joining Grayson, he worked for a large regional bank in the local market where his primary focus was providing commercial banking services for small to mid-sized businesses. He is a graduate of Virginia Tech, the Virginia Bankers Association s School of Bank Management at the University of Virginia, and the Graduate School of Banking at Louisiana State University. Mr. Kruckow currently serves on the Virginia Bankers Association s Lending Executives Committee, the Virginia Bankers Association s School of Bank Management Board of Trustees and the Board of Directors for Virginia Title Center. 
 
 Milo L. Cockerham (36) Mr. Cockerham, Executive Vice President and Chief Retail Banking Officer of the Bank, joined the Bank as a consultant in December of 2016 to help with the systems conversion of the merger of Grayson National Bank and Bank of Floyd. He now leads our network of 25 retail branch locations. Mr. Cockerham has 14 years of experience in the banking and financial services industry. Prior to joining Skyline, he served in a managerial role assisting with branch operations in a large branch network for a community bank in North Carolina. Mr. Cockerham is a graduate of Emory Henry College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management. He is a graduate of the Graduate School of Banking at Louisiana State University. He also serves as a member of the Retail Banking Executives Committee for the Virginia Bankers Association and serves as a board member on the Galax Foundation for Excellence. 

102

Corporate Governance 
 
 General 
 
 The business and affairs of the Company are managed under the direction of the Board of Directors in accordance with the Virginia Stock Corporation Act and the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Members of the Board are kept informed of the Company s business through discussions with the Chairman of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them and by participating in meetings of the Board and its committees. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Board of Directors has approved a Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Financial Managers for the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Code addresses such topics as protection and proper use of Company assets, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, conflicts of interest and insider trading. A copy of the Code will be provided, without charge, to any shareholder upon written request to the Secretary of the Company, whose address is 101 Jacksonville Circle, Floyd, Virginia 24091. 
 
 Committees of the Board 
 
 The Company has an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee. The Company does not have a standing Nomination Committee. 
 
 Audit Committee. The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling the Board s oversight responsibility to the shareholders relating to the integrity of the Company s financial statements, the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent auditor and the performance of the internal audit function. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the independent auditor engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attestation services for the Company. 
 
 The members of the Audit Committee are Frank A. Stewart, Chairman, Melissa Gentry, Vice Chair, Theresa S. Lazo, John Michael Turman, and T. Mauyer Gallimore, each of whom is independent as that term is defined by the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 The Company has not currently designated an audit committee financial expert. The Company is located in a rural community where such expertise is limited; however, the Board believes that the current members of the Audit Committee have the ability to understand financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles, the ability to assess the general application of such principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves, an understanding of internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and an understanding of audit committee functions. The Audit Committee met five times during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee reviews senior management s performance and compensation and reviews and sets guidelines for compensation of all employees. All decisions by the Compensation Committee relating to the compensation of the Company s executive officers are reported to the full Board of Directors. 
 
 The members of the Compensation Committee are Dr. J. Howard Conduff, Jr., Chairman, Bryan L. Edwards, Vice Chair, Thomas M. Jackson, Jr., Jacky K. Anderson, and James W. Shortt. Each member, with the exception Jacky K. Anderson, is independent as that term is defined by the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Compensation Committee met three times during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

103

Director Nomination Process. The Board does not believe it needs a separate nominating committee because the full Board is comprised predominantly of independent directors, with the exception of Messrs. Anderson and Edwards, and has the time and resources to perform the function of selecting board nominees. When the Board performs its nominating function, the Board acts in accordance with the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws but does not have a separate charter related to the nomination process. 
 
 In identifying potential nominees with desired levels of diversification, the Board of Directors takes into account such factors as it deems appropriate, including the current composition of the Board, the range of talents, experiences and skills that would best complement those that are already represented on the Board, the balance of management and independent directors, director representation in geographic areas where the Company operates, and the need for specialized expertise. The Board considers candidates for Board membership suggested by its members and by management, and the Board will consider candidates suggested informally by a shareholder of the Company. 
 
 Shareholders entitled to vote for the election of directors may submit candidates for formal consideration by the Company if the Company receives timely written notice, in proper form, for each such recommended director nominee, in accordance with the advance notice procedures contained in the Company s bylaws. If the notice is not timely and in proper form, the nominee will not be considered by the Company. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 

Objectives of the Company s Executive Compensation Program 
 
 The primary objective of the Company s executive compensation program is to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated executive officers who will manage the Company in a manner to promote its growth and profitability and advance the interest of its shareholders. Additional objectives of the Company s executive compensation program include the following: 

to align executive pay with shareholders interests; 

to recognize individual initiative and achievements; and 

to unite the entire executive management team to a common objective. 

Executive Compensation Principles 
 
 The Company s executive compensation program is not as complex as those of many companies of similar size and nature. The Company s program consists of base salaries, cash payments in the form of annual bonuses, long-term equity incentives in the form of stock awards, and long-term benefits in the form of pension and supplemental executive retirement plans. Executive officers also participate in the Company s 401(k) plan. 
 
 During 2020, the Company s shareholders approved the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, pursuant to which the Company may issue up to 300,000 shares of common stock in the form of stock options, stock awards, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights. 
 
 How Executive Pay Levels are Determined 
 
 The Compensation Committee regularly reviews the Company s executive compensation program and its elements. All decisions by the Compensation Committee relating to the compensation of the Company s executive officers are reported to the Board. The Compensation Committee also engages Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC, an independent, third-party compensation consulting firm to assist with the design and implementation of the Company s overall executive compensation program. Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC also compiles the comparative industry market data that the committee uses to assess overall compensation competitiveness. 
 
 The role of the Chief Executive Officer in determining executive compensation is limited to input in the performance evaluation of the other named executive officers. The Chief Executive Officer has no input in the determination of his own compensation. Likewise, the other named executive officers have no role in the determination of their own executive compensation. 

104

In determining the compensation of our executive officers, the Compensation Committee evaluates total overall compensation, as well as the mix of salary, cash bonuses and other long-term compensation, using a number of factors including the following: 

The Company s financial and operating performance, measured by attainment of strategic objectives and operating results; 

the duties, responsibilities and performance of each executive officer of the Company, including the achievement of identified goals for the year as they pertain to the areas of the Company s operations for which the executive is personally responsible and accountable; 

historical cash and other compensation levels; and 

comparative industry market data to assess compensation competitiveness. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Immediately below is a table setting forth the compensation paid to the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Executive Vice President and Regional President, Virginia of Skyline National Bank and the Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of Skyline National Bank. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock Awards ) (1) 

All Other Compensation ) (2) 

Total ) 

Blake M. Edwards, Jr. 
 
 2022 

360,000 

77,500 

32,500 

10,339 

480,339 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

310,000 

67,950 

28,250 

15,400 

421,600 

Jonathan L. Kruckow 
 
 2022 

187,500 

36,000 

26,000 

7,500 

257,000 

Executive Vice President and Regional President, Virginia 
 
 2021 

180,000 

30,804 

22,600 

8,900 

242,304 

Beth R. Worrell 
 
 2022 

180,000 

35,000 

26,000 

7,200 

248,200 

Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer 
 
 2021 

175,000 

30,804 

22,600 

8,296 

236,700 

(1) 
 The amounts reported reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the awards for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. Stock awards consisted of grants of restricted stock awards. For valuation and discussion of assumptions related to stock awards, please refer to Share-based Compensation discussion in Note 1 and Note 15 Share-based Compensation in the Company s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Includes matching and discretionary contributions under the Company s 401(k) plan. 

Supplemental Discussion of Compensation 
 
 The Company has an employment agreement with Blake M. Edwards and change in control agreements with Mr. Kruckow and Ms. Worrell as described below. All compensation that the Company pays to its named executive officers is determined as described above. 
 
 Stock Options and Equity-Based Awards 
 
 During 2022, 2,500 restricted stock awards were issued to the President CEO and 2,000 restricted stock awards were issued to other members of the Company s executive management team. The stock awards vested 20 on December 15, 2022, and will vest 20 on December 15, 2023, 20 on December 15, 2024, 20 on December 15, 2025, and 20 on December 15, 2026. No stock options were granted to any of the Company s employees during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and none were outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

105

Pension Benefits 
 
 Prior to the merger, both Grayson and Cardinal had qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans which covered substantially all of their employees. The benefits are primarily based on years of service and earnings. Both Grayson and Cardinal plans were amended to freeze benefit accruals for all eligible employees prior to the effective date of the Cardinal merger. 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 
 Deferred compensation plans have been adopted for certain executive officers and members of the Board of Directors for future compensation upon retirement. Under plan provisions aggregate annual payments ranging from 4,268 to 26,791 are payable for ten years certain, generally beginning at age 65. Reduced benefits apply in cases of early retirement or death prior to the benefit date, as defined in the plan. 
 
 In addition, the Company has adopted supplemental executive retirement plans (the SERPs for Blake M. Edwards, Jonathan L. Kruckow, and Beth R. Worrell. The SERPs provides for a retirement benefit (equal to 168,000 per year for Mr. Edwards, 60,000 per year for Mr. Kruckow, and 60,000 per year for Ms. Worrell) payable monthly and continuing for the executive s lifetime, beginning upon the later of the executive s separation from service with the Bank or reaching age 65, subject to the vesting schedule set forth in the SERP agreement. Reduced benefits apply in cases of early retirement. In addition, the SERP agreements provide that the executive s retirement benefit will be fully vested upon a Change in Control, as defined in the SERP agreement. 
 
 Holdings of Stock Awards 
 
 The following table contains information concerning unvested stock awards at December 31, 2022 for each of the named executive officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

Fiscal Year End 2022 

Stock Awards 

Number of Shares 
 
 Market Value of 

Or Units of Stock 
 
 Shares or Units of 

That Have Not 
 
 Stock That Have 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Vested (#) (1) 
 
 Not Vested ) (2) 

Blake M. Edwards, Jr. 
 
 03/31/2021 
 
 1,250 
 
 14,188 

02/18/2022 
 
 2,000 
 
 22,700 

Jonathan L. Kruckow 
 
 03/31/2021 
 
 1,000 
 
 11,350 

02/18/2022 
 
 1,600 
 
 18,160 

Beth R. Worrell 
 
 03/31/2021 
 
 1,000 
 
 11,350 

02/18/2022 
 
 1,600 
 
 18,160 

(1) 
 Amounts are comprised of unvested restricted stock awards at December 31, 2022. The restricted stock awards granted on March 31, 2021 vest 25 on December 31, 2021, 25 on December 15, 2022, 25 on December 15, 2023, and 25 on December 15, 2024. The restricted stock awards granted on February 18, 2022 vest 20 on December 15, 2022, 20 on December 15, 2023, 20 on December 15, 2024, 20 on December 15, 2025, and 20 on December 31, 2026. 

(2) 
 Amounts represent the fair market value of the restricted stock awards on December 31, 2022. The closing price of the Company s common stock was 11.35 on that date. 

106

Payments upon Termination of Employment or a Change of Control 
 
 Employment Agreement of Blake M. Edwards 
 
 On June 1, 2019, the Company entered into a new executive employment agreement with Blake M. Edwards, the Company s current President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 The term of Mr. Edwards s employment under Mr. Edwards s employment agreement began on June 1, 2019 and continued for an initial term of three years. After the expiration of this initial term, Mr. Edwards s employment agreement will automatically extend on June 1 of each year for successive one-year periods, unless either Mr. Edwards or the Company elects not to so extend. The employment agreement provides for an initial base salary of 285,000 per year. Mr. Edwards will be eligible to be considered for incentive compensation, if any, in an amount determined appropriate by the Company based on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. He is also entitled to participate in the Company s employee benefit plans and programs for which he is or will be eligible. 
 
 Mr. Edwards s employment agreement provides for the termination of Mr. Edwards s employment by the Company without Cause or by him for Good Reason in the absence of a Change in Control (as those terms are defined in the employment agreement). In such cases, Mr. Edwards will be entitled to receive his then-current base salary for the lesser of the remainder of the term or 18 months. Mr. Edwards s employment agreement also provides for the termination of Mr. Edwards s employment by the Company following a Change in Control or by him for Good Reason following a Change in Control. In such cases, Mr. Edwards will be entitled to receive, among other things, a lump sum amount equal to 2.99 times the sum of his base salary and highest annual bonus during the two years preceding the Change in Control. Mr. Edwards s entitlement to the foregoing severance payments is subject to Mr. Edwards s release and waiver of claims against the Company and his compliance with certain restrictive covenants as provided in the employment agreement. 
 
 In the event that Mr. Edwards is terminated by the Company as a result of a Permanent Disability (as defined in the employment agreement), Mr. Edwards will be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to 90 days of his then-current base salary. Mr. Edwards will not be entitled to any compensation or other benefits under his employment agreement if his employment is terminated upon his death, by the Company for Cause, or by him in the absence of Good Reason. 
 
 Mr. Edwards s employment agreement contains restrictive covenants relating to the protection of confidential information, non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation. The non-compete and non-solicitation covenants generally continue for a period of 24 months following the last day of Mr. Edwards employment. 
 
 Change in Control Agreement with Jonathan L. Kruckow 
 
 On June 1, 2019, the Company entered into a change in control agreement with Jonathan L. Kruckow, the Company s Executive Vice President and Regional President, Virginia. On May 26, 2022 the Company amended the change in control agreement to extend the term of such agreement to December 31, 2023; provided that, on December 31, 2022, and on each December 31 thereafter, the agreement will automatically be extended for an additional calendar year such that the extended term is two years, unless either Mr. Kruckow or the Company elects not to so extend. 
 
 Mr. Kruckow s change in control agreement provides that if the Mr. Kruckow s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by him for Good Reason within 12 months following a Change in Control Event (as those terms are defined in the change in control agreement), the Company will make a severance payment to Mr. Kruckow equal to his annualized base salary. Mr. Kruckow s entitlement to the foregoing severance payment is subject to Mr. Kruckow s release and waiver of claims against the Company and his compliance with certain restrictive covenants as provided in the change in control agreement. 
 
 Mr. Kruckow will not be entitled to any compensation or other benefits under his change in control agreement if (a) the Company terminates his employment for Cause, (b) he voluntarily terminates his employment for other than Good Reason, or (c) his employment terminates or is terminated due to his death, Retirement or pursuant to a Determination of Long Term Incapacity (as those terms are defined in the change in control agreement). 

107

Mr. Kruckow s change in control agreement contains restrictive covenants relating to the protection of confidential information, non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation. The non-compete and non-solicitation covenants generally continue for a period of 12 months following the last day of Mr. Kruckow s employment. 
 
 Change in Control Agreement with Beth R. Worrell 
 
 On June 1, 2019, the Company entered into a change in control agreement with Beth R. Worrell, the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer. On May 26, 2022 the Company amended the change in control agreement to extend the term of such agreement to December 31, 2023; provided that, on December 31, 2022, and on each December 31 thereafter, the agreement will automatically be extended for an additional calendar year such that the extended term is two years, unless either Ms. Worrell or the Company elects not to so extend. 
 
 Ms. Worrell s change in control agreement provides that if Ms. Worrell s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by her for Good Reason within 12 months following a Change in Control Event (as those terms are defined in the change in control agreement), the Company will make a severance payment to Ms. Worrell equal to two times her annualized base salary. Ms. Worrell s entitlement to the foregoing severance payment is subject to Ms. Worrell s release and waiver of claims against the Company and her compliance with certain restrictive covenants as provided in the change in control agreement. 
 
 Ms. Worrell will not be entitled to any compensation or other benefits under her change in control agreement if (a) the Company terminates her employment for Cause, (b) she voluntarily terminates her employment for other than Good Reason, or (c) her employment terminates or is terminated due to her death, Retirement or pursuant to a Determination of Long Term Incapacity (as those terms are defined in the change in control agreement). 
 
 Ms. Worrell s change in control agreement contains restrictive covenants relating to the protection of confidential information, non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation. The non-compete and non-solicitation covenants generally continue for a period of 12 months following the last day of Ms. Worrell s employment. 
 
 Following any termination of employment or a change in control, the Company s named executive officers are entitled to certain pension benefits and deferred compensation, as described above, and benefits under various health and insurance plans, which are available generally to all employees. 

108

Director Compensation 
 
 The following table shows the compensation earned by each of the non-employee directors during 2022. On December 30, 2022, each nonemployee director received a stock award of 600 shares, except for the chairman, who received 1,500 stock awards. The stock awards immediately vested. Fees may also include reimbursement for ordinary business expenses such as lodging, meals, and mileage. 

Name 
 
 Fees Paid ) 

Stock Awards ) (1) 

Total ) 

Jacky K. Anderson 

28,226 

6,810 

35,036 

Dr. J. Howard Conduff, Jr. 

25,726 

6,810 

32,536 

Bryan L. Edwards 

26,270 

6,810 

33,080 

T. Mauyer Gallimore 

27,371 

6,810 

34,181 

A. Melissa Gentry 

26,388 

6,810 

33,198 

Thomas M. Jackson, Jr., Chairman 

30,828 

17,025 

47,853 

R. Devereux Jarratt 

27,462 

6,810 

34,272 

Theresa S. Lazo 

26,708 

6,810 

33,518 

W. David McNeill 

26,271 

6,810 

33,081 

James W. Shortt 

29,098 

6,810 

35,908 

Frank A. Stewart 

25,562 

6,810 

32,372 

John Michael Turman 

25,985 

6,810 

32,795 

J. David Vaughan 

27,319 

6,810 

34,129 

Total 

353,214 

98,745 

451,959 

(1) 
 The amounts reported reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock awards for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. The grant date fair value for these stock awards of 11.35 per share was based on the closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the grant date (December 30, 2022). 

The Chairman of the Board receives fees of 1,000 per meeting and a monthly retainer of 400. The Vice Chairman of the Board receives fees of 900 per meeting and a monthly retainer of 350. All other directors receive 750 per meeting and a monthly retainer of 300. Additionally, 400 is paid to all directors for each committee meeting attended. 
 
 Blake M. Edwards, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, did not receive any compensation for his services as a director. 

109

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information as of March 27, 2023 regarding the number of shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by each director, each named executive officer and by all directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership includes shares, if any, held in the name of the spouse, minor children or other relatives of the director or executive officer living in such person s home, as well as shares, if any, held in the name of another person under an arrangement whereby the director or executive officer can vest title in himself at once or at some future time. 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Unvested Stock Awards 
 
 Total 
 
 Percent of Class 

Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Jacky K. Anderson 
 
 3,312 
 
 - 
 
 3,312 
 (2) 

Dr. J. Howard Conduff, Jr. 
 
 132,980 
 
 - 
 
 132,980 
 (3) 
 2.37 

Bryan L. Edwards 
 
 2,608 
 
 - 
 
 2,608 

T. Mauyer Gallimore 
 
 9,351 
 
 - 
 
 9,351 
 (4) 

A. Melissa Gentry 
 
 5,700 
 
 - 
 
 5,700 

Thomas M. Jackson, Jr., Chairman 
 
 14,120 
 
 - 
 
 14,120 

R. Devereux Jarratt 
 
 38,151 
 
 - 
 
 38,151 

Theresa S. Lazo 
 
 26,402 
 
 - 
 
 26,402 
 (5) 

W. David McNeill 
 
 25,926 
 
 - 
 
 25,926 

James W. Shortt 
 
 5,543 
 
 - 
 
 5,543 
 (6) 

Frank A. Stewart 
 
 119,119 
 
 - 
 
 119,119 
 (7) 
 2.12 

John Michael Turman 
 
 14,479 
 
 - 
 
 14,479 
 (8) 

J. David Vaughan 
 
 10,983 
 
 - 
 
 10,983 
 (9) 

Blake M. Edwards, Jr. 
 
 3,656 
 
 3,250 
 
 6,906 

Jonathan L. Kruckow 
 
 10 
 
 2,600 
 
 2,610 

Beth R. Worrell 
 
 2,200 
 
 2,600 
 
 4,800 
 (10) 

All of the Company s directors, executive officers, and executive officers as a group (20 individuals) 
 
 447,924 
 
 18,850 
 
 466,774 
 
 8.32 

(1) 
 Based on 5,607,416 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023 

(2) 
 Includes 2,112 shares held jointly with his children and his former spouse. 

(3) 
 Includes 11,163 shares owned jointly with his spouse and 8,297 shares owned by his sons. 

(4) 
 Includes 7,501 shares owned jointly with his spouse. 

(5) 
 Includes 2,914 shares owned jointly with her spouse. 

(6) 
 Includes 3,076 shares owned jointly with his spouse. 

(7) 
 Includes 114,340 shares owned jointly with his spouse. 

(8) 
 Includes 13,279 held jointly with his spouse. 

(9) 
 Includes 1,526 shares owned jointly with his children. 

(10) 
 Includes 800 shares held jointly with her spouse. 

Represents less than 1 of outstanding common stock 

110

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of March 27, 2023, unless otherwise noted, regarding the number of shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by all persons known by us who own, or will own under certain conditions, five percent or more of our outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of Class (1) 

Fourthstone LLC 575 Maryville Centre Drive, Suite 110 St. Louis, MO 63141 

311,753 
 (2) 

5.56 

(1) 
 Based on 5,607,416 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. 

(2) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023, Fourthstone LLC Fourthstone ), Fourthstone Master Opportunity Fund Ltd, Fourthstone QP Opportunity Fund LP, Fourthstone Small-Cap Financials Fund LP, Fourthstone GP LLC, the general partner of Fourthstone QP Opportunity Fund LP and Fourthstone Small-Cap Financials Fund LP, and L. Phillip Stone, IV, the managing member of Fourthstone and Fourthstone GP LLC reported shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 311,753 shares of the Company s common stock. 

111

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Some of the directors and officers of the Company are at present, as in the past, customers of Skyline National Bank, and Skyline National Bank has had, and expects to have in the future, banking relationships in the ordinary course of its business with directors, officers, principal shareholders, and their associates, on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral on loans, as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with persons not related to the Company. These transactions do not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. The aggregate outstanding balance of loans to directors, executive officers, and their associates, as a group, at December 31, 2022 totaled 10.0 million or 13.75 of the Company s equity capital at that date. 
 
 There are no legal proceedings to which any director, officer, or principal shareholder, or any affiliate thereof, is a party that would be material and adverse to the Company. 
 
 The Company has not adopted a formal policy that covers the review and approval of related person transactions by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, however, does review all such transactions that are proposed to it for approval. During such a review, the Board will consider, among other things, the related person s relationship to the Company, the facts and circumstances of the proposed transaction, the aggregate dollar amount of the transaction, the related person s relationship to the transaction, and any other material information. The Company s Audit Committee also has the responsibility to review significant conflicts of interest involving directors or executive officers. 
 
 Independence of Directors 
 
 The Board of Directors in its business judgment has determined that the following twelve of its fourteen members are independent as that term is defined by the Nasdaq Stock Market: Dr. J. Howard Conduff, Jr., Bryan L. Edwards, T. Mauyer Gallimore, Melissa Gentry, Thomas M. Jackson, Jr., R. Devereux Jarratt, Theresa S. Lazo, W. David McNeill, James W. Shortt, Frank A. Stewart, John Michael Turman, and J. David Vaughan. 
 
 The Board considered the following transactions between us and certain of our directors or their affiliates to determine whether such director was independent under the above standards: 

Prior to the Cardinal merger, Grayson had an advisory agreement in place with Mr. Anderson under which he was paid for various consultative and advisory services related to customer, shareholder, and employee related issues. The agreement expired in September of 2014. Mr. Anderson also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Grayson from June 2000 until his retirement in September 2013. 

Additional information about committees is included in Corporate Governance Committees of the Board in Item 10. 

112

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Audit Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed by Elliott Davis, PLLC for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the review of the financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and engagements, were 130,000 for 2022 and 118,000 for 2021. 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 
 There were no aggregate fees billed by Elliott Davis, PLLC for professional services for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and not reported under the heading Audit Fees above for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed by Elliott Davis, PLLC for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning were 15,900 for 2022 and 11,850 for 2021. During 2022 and 2021, these services generally included Federal and state income tax return preparation. 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 No fees for other services were billed by Elliott Davis, PLLC for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 
 All audit related services, tax services and other services were pre-approved by the Audit Committee, which concluded that the provision of such services by Elliott Davis, PLLC was compatible with the maintenance of that firms independence in the conduct of their auditing functions. The Audit Committee s Charter provides for pre-approval of audit, audit-related and tax services. The Charter authorizes the Audit Committee to delegate to one or more of its members pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services. 

113

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 (1) The following consolidated financial statements of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. are included in Item 8 above: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (Elliott Davis, PLLC, Charlotte, NC, U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) The response to this portion of Item 15 is included in Item 8 above. 
 
 (3) The following documents are attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. (attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. (attached as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Parkway Acquisition Corp. (attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on January 20, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated November 22, 2017, for the benefit of Blake M. Edwards (attached as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 29, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 1, 2019, by and between Parkway Acquisition Corp. and Blake M. Edwards (attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 6, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated March 31, 2022, for the benefit of Blake M. Edwards (attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated March 31, 2022, for the benefit of Lori C. Vaught (attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement, dated May 26, 2022 by and between the Company and Lorina C. Vaught (attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

114

10.6 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2018 and effective upon the merger of Great State Bank into Skyline National Bank, by and between Parkway Acquisition Corp., Skyline National Bank and C. Greg Edwards (attached as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on April 13, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated March 31, 2022, for the benefit of Jonathan L. Kruckow (attached as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement, dated May 26, 2022 by and between the Company and Jonathan L. Kruckow (attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated March 31, 2022, for the benefit of Beth R. Worrell (attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement, dated May 26, 2022 by and between the Company and Beth R. Worrell (attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 
 Parkway Acquisition Corp. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on 10-Q filed on November 13, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (attached as exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 24, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 Consent of Elliott Davis, PLLC. 

31.1 
 Rule 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 Rule 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101 
 The following materials from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

See Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Item 15(a)(2) above. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None 

115

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SKYLINE BANKSHARES, INC. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Blake M. Edwards 

Blake M. Edwards President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated on March 28, 2023. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Blake M. Edwards 

Blake M. Edwards President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Lori C. Vaught 

Lori C. Vaught Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas M. Jackson, Jr. 

Thomas M. Jackson, Jr. Chairman of the Board 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ James W. Shortt 

James W. Shortt Vice Chairman 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ A. Melissa Gentry 

A. Melissa Gentry Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jacky K. Anderson 

Jacky K. Anderson Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Bryan L. Edwards 

Bryan L. Edwards Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ J. David Vaughan 

J. David Vaughan Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Theresa S. Lazo 

Theresa S. Lazo Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ J. Howard Conduff, Jr. 

J. Howard Conduff, Jr. Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ T. Mauyer Gallimore 

T. Mauyer Gallimore Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Devereux Jarratt 

R. Devereux Jarratt Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Michael Turman 

John Michael Turman Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ W. David McNeill 

W. David McNeill Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Frank A. Stewart 

Frank A. Stewart Director 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants 
 Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act 
 
 As of the date of this report, we have not sent any annual reports or proxy materials to our stockholders. We intend to deliver (i) our annual report to stockholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and (ii) our proxy materials for our 2023 Annual Meeting to our stockholders subsequent to the filing of this report. We will furnish copies of the annual report and the proxy materials to the SEC when we deliver such materials to our stockholders. 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_487306.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

Skyline National Bank 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_493060.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_493060.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-251436 on Form S-8 of Parkway Acquisition Corp. of our report dated March 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary, appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Elliott Davis, PLLC 

Charlotte, North Carolina 

 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_487307.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

HTML Editor 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Blake M. Edwards, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Blake M. Edwards 

Blake M. Edwards 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_487308.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

HTML Editor 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Lori C. Vaught, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Lori C. Vaught 

Lori C. Vaught 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_487309.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 32.1 

 STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of Skyline Bankshares, Inc. (the Company ), we, Blake M. Edwards, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Lori C. Vaught, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge: 

(a) 

the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(b) 

the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods presented in the Form 10-K. 

By: /s/ Blake M. Edwards Date: March 28, 2023 

 Blake M. Edwards 

 Chief Executive Officer 

By: /s/ Lori C. Vaught Date: March 28, 2023 

 Lori C. Vaught 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pkkw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pkkw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pkkw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pkkw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pkkw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

