<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1495231_0001495231-23-000040.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9222758</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>358919</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1783625</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3090467</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2079573</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1751245</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001495231-23-000040.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001495231-23-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IZEA Worldwide, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001495231
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				371530765
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37703
		FILM NUMBER:		23789242

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1317 EDGEWATER DR #1880
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-674-6911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1317 EDGEWATER DR #1880
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IZEA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120522

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IZEA Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rapid Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100624

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001495231-23-000040.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 izea-20221231.htm
 10-K

izea-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________________ to _________________ 
 
 Commission File No.: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was based on the closing bid price of the registrant's common stock of 0.90 per share on June 30, 2022 (the last trading day prior to the end of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter). All executive officers and directors of the registrant and all 10 or greater stockholders have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be affiliates of the registrant. 
 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were 62,471,997 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 None. 

Table of Contents 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 Item 2. Properties 
 20 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 21 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 34 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 41 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 62 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 63 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 63 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 64 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 68 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 76 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 76 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 78 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 79 
 Signatures 
 80 

i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report, including those contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the notes to our consolidated financial statements, particularly those that utilize terminology such as may, will, would, can, could, continue, design, should, expects, aims, anticipates, estimates, believes, thinks, intends, likely, projects, plans, pursue, strategy or future, forecasts, goal, or the negative of these words or other words or expressions of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information, and are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Future events and our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those reflected in these forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business; 
 the impact of the Ukraine crisis and ramifications of sanctions against Russia; 
 customer cancellations; 
 any erroneous or inaccurate estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies; 
 our ability to raise the additional funding needed to fund our business operation in the future; 
 our ability to satisfy the requirements for continued listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market; 
 our ability to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and establish effective disclosure controls and procedures; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights; 
 our ability to maintain and grow our business; 
 results of any future litigation and costs incurred in connection with any such litigation; 
 competition in the industry; 
 variability of operating results; 
 our ability to maintain and enhance our brand; 
 accuracy of tracking the number of user accounts; 
 any security breaches or other disruptions compromising our proprietary information and exposing us to liability; 
 our development and introduction of new products and services; 
 our reliance on, and compliance with, open-source software; 
 the successful integration of acquired companies, technologies, and assets into our portfolio of software and services; 
 marketing and other business development initiatives; 
 general government regulation; 
 dependence on key personnel; 
 the ability to attract, hire, and retain personnel who possess the technical skills and experience necessary to meet the service requirements of our customers; 
 the potential liability concerning actions taken by our existing and past employees; 
 any losses or issues we may encounter as a consequence of accepting or holding digital assets; 
 risks associated with doing business internationally; and 
 the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 All forward-looking statements in this document are based on current expectations, intentions, and beliefs using information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report; we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 Our Mission 
 Our mission is to champion the world's creators by helping them monetize their content, creativity, and influence. 
 Corporate Information 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, we, us, our, IZEA, or the Company is a Nevada corporation that was founded in February 2006 under the name PayPerPost, Inc. and became a public company in May 2011. In January 2015, IZEA purchased all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Ebyline, Inc. Ebyline ). In March 2016, we formed IZEA Canada, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in Ontario, Canada, to provide sales and support for IZEA's Canadian customers. In July 2016, IZEA purchased all the outstanding shares of capital stock of ZenContent, Inc. ZenContent and, in July 2018, a subsidiary of the Company merged with TapInfluence, Inc. TapInfluence ). ZenContent, Ebyline, and TapInfluence were merged into IZEA in December 2017, December 2019, and December 2020, respectively. 
 Our Company is based in Orlando, Florida, but operates as a virtual-first company, with all of our employees working remotely since March 16, 2020. 
 Industry Background and Trends 
 When IZEA first launched PayPerPost in 2006, the concept of a brand paying bloggers to create sponsored content on their blogs was new and highly controversial among marketers and content creators. The idea was introduced by the Company when there were no ads on Facebook, YouTube, or Twitter, and social media was largely void of corporate marketing messages. Since then, the landscape has dramatically changed. Today, strategic engagement of online influencers is table stakes for modern brands - largely due to changes in consumer behavior and the large-scale adoption of social media platforms. Similarly, those same companies are now producing custom marketing content for their social channels and embracing influencer marketing as a means to reach their customers. 
 While industry research indicates that brand spending on influencer and content marketing has grown dramatically in the last several years, the business processes and practices have yet to evolve in a meaningful way for most buyers and sellers. The markets that we operate in are highly fragmented, highly competitive, and primarily limited by the current inefficiencies inherent in our space. Most marketers have been forced to utilize a variety of execution partners and manual processes to navigate the complicated landscape, often resulting in low returns on their time investment or, worse-yet, questionable results. We believe this is mainly due to marketers and creators lacking an efficient way to identify and engage each other in a marketplace of scale. 
 At the same time, influencers and content creators seeking to monetize their communities and work product face significant challenges in making marketers aware of their services and finding quality brands motivated to sponsor them. In addition, those creators with smaller followings need more individual influence and audience to warrant the processing of a micro-transaction. In many cases, it costs a marketer more money to issue a traditional check to a nano influencer than the value of the sponsorship payment itself. Further complicating the sponsorship process for both parties are federal regulations around social media endorsements, tax reporting generally applicable to anyone receiving income for services, and the associated campaign tracking required to provide compliance. While many marketers would prefer to be part of the conversation, we believe the complexity and cost of individual sponsorship often deter them from doing so. 
 We believe that addressing the current efficiency and measurable success challenges via technology represents a significant opportunity. IZEA ultimately addresses these challenges with targeted, scalable software solutions that aggregate content creators, while providing marketers with a variety of tools that dataset to help them make informed decisions. In doing so, we offer multiple efficient, innovative ways for creators and marketers of all sizes to find each other and form a compensated relationship. 
 By continually developing our creator network both directly and through talent partners, we make our company more attractive to our customers who seek a wide variety of creators to fulfill their content and advertising needs. As marketers utilize our software and services to a greater extent, we expect to increase the monetization opportunities for creators, which should, in turn, attract even more creators and further enhance value for our marketers. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Business 
 IZEA is a marketing technology company providing software and professional services that enable brands to collaborate and transact with the full spectrum of today s top social influencers and content creators. The Company is a champion for the growing creator economy, enabling individuals to monetize their content, creativity, and influence. 
 While most large brand marketers engage us to perform these services on their behalf, they may also use our software to engage creators for influencer marketing campaigns or to produce custom content on a self-service basis by licensing our technology. We create and operate online software services that connect marketers, including brands, agencies, and publishers, with content creators such as Instagram influencers, TikTok influencers, YouTube stars, designers, photographers, and writers creators and provide marketers access to our industry expertise, data, and analytics. 
 Since 2014, our primary technology platform, the IZEA Exchange IZEAx ), has provided a unified ecosystem enabling the creation and publication of multiple types of content to be completed at scale. During 2022, we re-imagined our influencer marketing platform based on user feedback, announcing the initial rollout of IZEA Flex Flex in September, and we announced the commercial launch of Flex in January 2023. Flex , which introduces end-to-end tracking of social commerce, enables brands to measure influencer impact on direct revenue at scale. The platform includes eight modules, each of which provide their own benefit to marketers as stand-alone tools, but enhance each other when used together. Flex is aggressively priced relative to our competitors in the market, and our strategy is to lead with price to value. 
 Influencer Marketing. We work with marketers to enable influencer marketing campaigns at scale. A subset of influencer marketing known as Sponsored Social is when a company compensates creators for sharing sponsored content with the creators social network followers. This sponsored content is within the body of the content stream. We believe that we pioneered the concept of a marketplace for sponsorships on the social web in 2006 with the launch of our first platform, PayPerPost, and have focused on scaling our product and service offerings ever since. 
 Custom Content. We also work with marketers to augment or replace their content development efforts. Our network of creators produces editorial and marketing content that can be published online and offline. Our network of creators includes professional journalists, subject matter experts, bloggers, and everyday content creators, allowing our customers to produce content ranging from complex white papers to simple product descriptions. Many of our content customers use this service to create a steady stream of posts for their corporate blogs. 
 Software + Service. IZEA s flexible client engagement model appeals to agency and brand customers with various needs. We structure content and influencer marketing programs that align with our customer s goals, resources, and profiles. IZEA clients can hire our team for fully outsourced managed services, access our software to run their program, or engage us in a hybrid model that combines access to our software with collaborative execution. 
 Our Platforms 
 Flex. Building upon more than a decade and a half of experience in the influencer marketing industry, we announced the commercial launch of our next-generation influencer marketing platform in January 2023. Flex , which will supplant IZEAx in 2023, is a platform with flexibility as a core tenet, allowing marketers to use any combination of independent applications as they see fit. The result is a comprehensive suite of tools that, individually, supercharge influencer marketing efforts and become even more powerful when combined. Flex offers eight core modules: Discover, ContentMine, ShareMonitor, Integrations, Tracking Links, Contacts, Transactions , and Campaigns . 
 Flex introduces end-to-end tracking of social commerce, allowing marketers to easily measure the impact of individual influencers on e-commerce revenue at scale, and integrates key functions of The Creator Marketplace on IZEA.com. Modules in Flex include: 
 Discover , which allows marketers to search through content from millions of influencer social profiles while filtering across channels, demographics, and interests; 
 ContentMine , a content management tool that collects and measures influencer content, providing real-time insights and A.I. content analysis from BrandGraph ; 
 ShareMonitor , a multi-platform social monitoring tool that allows marketers to monitor hashtags, keywords, and brand mentions across leading social platforms; 
 Integrations provides deep integrations such as with Google Analytics and Shopify, providing marketers the capability to track influencer campaign metrics such as time on site, engagement, and revenue; 
 Tracking Links provides real-time tracking metrics for influencer marketing and can track customer conversions, spend, and purchases when used with other Flex modules; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Contacts provides the ability to create custom contact lists that span the creator ecosystem, including influencers, agents, and legal representation; smart lists use demographic information to automatically group creator contacts; 
 Transactions makes sending creator payments faster and at a lower cost, providing searchable transaction data; and 
 Campaigns provides the foundation to build campaigns, organize and find creators, content, and insights to inform influencer marketing strategies. 
 Marketplace. In October 2022, we launched The Creator Marketplace (Marketplace) on IZEA.com, which provides powerful tools for creators to showcase their social handles, as well as the brands and topics they post about, and enables marketers to easily search and filter creator listings that meet the requirements of their influencer marketing campaigns, including creator specific predictive audience demographics. Marketplace features include Casting Calls which enable marketers and creators to connect and collaborate; marketers use Casting Calls to solicit creators for everything from influencing campaigns to full-time employment; creators respond directly to Casting Calls with video and text responses. 
 IZEAx. The platform is designed to provide a unified ecosystem that enables the creation and publication of multiple types of custom content through our creators websites, blogs, and social media channels, including, among others, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Twitch, and Instagram. We use IZEAx to manage influencer marketing campaigns on behalf of our marketers; our marketers also use the platform as a self-service tool and as a licensed white-label product. IZEAx will be sunset during 2023, replaced and supplemented by Flex . In January of 2023 we stopped accepting new contracts for IZEAx . Current customers can transition their license to Flex , or will be able to receive a refund for the remainder of their license when IZEAx is officially shut down. 
 BrandGraph. BrandGraph is a social media intelligence platform that offers marketers an analysis of share-of-voice, engagement benchmarking, category spending estimates, influencer identification, and sentiment analysis. The platform maps the complex hierarchy of corporation-to-brand relationships by category, associates social content with brands aggregates, and analyzes content data to provide insights for marketers across their competitive landscapes. BrandGraph is heavily integrated with IZEAx, and both platforms rely heavily on data from each other, but it is also available as a stand-alone platform. We plan to sunset BrandGraph as a standalone application later in 2023 as its toolset is incorporated into both Flex and Marketplace . Marketers will be able to access many of BrandGraph s features through Flex and Marketplace. 
 Legacy Platform 
 Shake. In November 2020, we launched Shake, an online marketplace where buyers could quickly and easily hire creators of all types for influencer marketing, photography, design, and other digital services. The Shake platform, aimed at digital creators seeking freelance gig work, enabled creators to list available Shakes and marketers to select and purchase creative packages through a streamlined chat experience, assisted by ShakeBot - a proprietary artificial intelligence assistant. Shake was sunset in October 2022 in conjunction with the launch of Marketplace , which replaces and improves upon Shake s functionality. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We primarily sell influencer marketing and custom content campaigns through our client development team and platforms. We target regional, national, and global brands and advertising agencies in the following ways: 
 Client Development Team. Our client development team is assigned a geographic region or specific markets, primarily within the U.S., Canada, and China. Team members are responsible for identifying and managing sales opportunities to brands and agencies seeking to outsource some or all of the planning and production of their content and advertising needs. 
 SaaS Sales Team. The SaaS Sale team initiates SaaS license opportunities with brands and agencies who seek to utilize additional functionality on our platforms on a self-service basis to facilitate custom content and influencer campaigns. This team was eliminated in 2022 with the addition of Flex and Marketplace . 
 Self-Service. Flex, Marketplace, and IZEAx offerings are tailored to smaller marketing customers that want to use our software to identify, engage, measure, and pay influencers on their own. Our software offerings are designed to be self-service, with no outbound sales team. Marketing customers can sign up with a credit card and begin using the platform. 
 Industry Acumen. Our team possesses strong marketing and advertising background. We focus our corporate marketing efforts on increasing brand awareness, communicating each of our platform advantages, generating qualified leads for our sales team, growing our creator network, and driving self-service sign-ups to our platforms. Our corporate marketing plan is designed to continually elevate awareness of our brand and generate demand for our software and services. We rely on a growing number of channels in this area, including third-party social media platforms (e.g., Meta and YouTube), paid search engine marketing, content marketing, influencer marketing, and virtual events. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Customers and Revenue 
 Historically, we have generated revenue from four primary sources: (1) revenue from our managed services when a marketer (typically a brand, agency, or partner) pays us to provide custom content, influencer marketing, amplification, or other campaign management services Managed Services (2) revenue from fees charged to software customers on their marketplace spend within our platforms Marketplace Spend Fees (3) revenue from license and subscription fees charged to access the IZEAx and BrandGraph platforms License Fees and (4) revenue derived from other fees such as inactivity fees, early cash-out fees, and other miscellaneous fees charged to users of our platforms Other Fees ). 
 Beginning in 2023, as we phase out IZEAx , our emphasis is to drive marketer and creator adoption and grow license fee revenues, in part by replacing fees associated with marketplace spend with basic transaction fees designed to cover costs. We believe that by providing a stronger toolset and lower transaction costs, we will attract more licensees. License Fee revenues will be primarily driven by Flex and Marketplace. BrandGraph and IZEAx tools are being repurposed into Flex and Marketplace during 2023. 
 As discussed in more detail within Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates under Note 1. Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, under Part I, Item 7 herein, revenue from Marketplace Spend Fees is reported on a net basis. Revenue from all other sources, including Managed Services, License Fees, and Other Fees, are reported on a gross basis. We further categorize these sources into two primary groups: (1) Managed Services and (2) SaaS Services, which includes revenue from Marketplace Spend Fees, License Fees, and Other Fees. 
 We provide services to customers in multiple industry segments, including consumer products, retail/e-tail, lifestyle, technology, and travel. Our business serves advertising and public relations agencies, brands, and companies directly. In many cases, influencer marketing dollars flow through the advertising or public relations agency, even when we have a direct relationship with the brand. 
 We generate the majority of our revenue from our Managed Services customers. Managed Services accounted for approximately 96 and 94 of our revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. SaaS Services accounted for approximately 4 and 6 of our revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Changes in how we control and manage our platforms, contractual terms, business practices, or other changes in accounting standards or interpretations may change our revenue reporting. See Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information as it relates to our revenue recognition policies. 
 The majority of our customers are located in the United States U.S. ). We had one customer that accounted for 29 of our revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and one customer that accounted for 14 of our revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 Technology 
 Our technology platforms span multiple social networks and digital creative services. We aggregate creators in our platforms, which allows us to create scale and choice for marketers. We provide the ability to find and collaborate with our creators based on a variety of software rules, filters, and data enrichment. Our self-service platforms service all business types and sizes, ranging from Fortune 500 customers to small agencies and brands. We provide trackable results for influencer marketing campaigns through tracking links and support for third-party tracking platforms. IZEA technology includes content monitoring, dashboards for real-time reporting, and digital asset management. 
 Privacy and Security 
 We are committed to protecting the personal privacy of our marketers and creators. Any personal information that we collect is processed in compliance with privacy laws (discussed below, under Government Regulation ), and we believe that we employ reasonable and appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect personal information. 
 Product Development 
 Our product development team is responsible for platform and infrastructure development, application development, user interface, application design, enterprise connectivity, Internet applications and design, quality assurance, documentation, and release management. Among our core strengths is our knowledge of and experience in launching and operating scalable content and influencer marketing marketplaces. Our product development expenses include salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, employee benefit costs, and miscellaneous departmental costs related to our development team, along with hosting and software subscription costs, and are included in general and administrative expenses. 
 We announced that our primary product platform, IZEAx , which was originally launched in March 2014, is being replaced by Flex in early 2023. We launched Marketplace in November 2022, replacing Shake and adding additional functionality. We will continue to add new features and additional functionality to the Flex and Marketplace platforms in 2023. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 We face competition from multiple companies in the influencer and content marketing categories. Direct and indirect competitors in the influencer marketing space include Meta, TikTok, YouTube, Linqia, and Upfluence. We also face competition in the creator economy from companies such as Fiverr and Upwork. In addition, there are many traditional advertising agencies, public relations firms, and niche consultancies that provide content development and conduct manual influencer outreach programs. 
 Competition could result in significant price pressure, declining margins, and reductions in our revenue. As more companies have entered the influencer marketing space, it has driven down the price points for influencer marketing software. We have seen this impact our licensing fees over the past several years, and it has caused us to change our pricing strategy for software services. In addition, as we continue our efforts to expand the scope of our services with Flex and Marketplace we may compete with a greater number of other companies across an increasing range of different services, including in vertical markets where competitors may have advantages in expertise, brand recognition, and other areas. If existing or future competitors develop or offer products or services that provide significant performance, price, creative or other advantages over those offered by us, our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected. 
 We also compete with traditional advertising media such as direct mail, television, radio, cable, and print for a share of marketers' total advertising budgets. Many current and potential competitors enjoy competitive advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, greater access to advertising space on high-traffic websites, and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, and marketing resources. 
 Proprietary Rights 
 Proprietary rights are crucial to our success and competitive position. To evolve and secure our proprietary rights, we rely on intellectual property and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 51 trademarks (35 domestic trademark registrations in the U.S. and 16 foreign registrations on the International Register) and had 2 total pending applications in the U.S., Canada, and Nigeria. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we abandoned 6 inactive U.S. trademarks. As of December 31, 2022, we also owned approximately 346 domain names related to the various aspects of IZEA s products and services. 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to many foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted by regulators or in the courts in ways that could adversely affect our business model. In the U.S. and abroad, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by several claims. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs, privacy and data protection, consumer protection, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, and online payment services. In addition, governments may seek to censor content available on our platforms or attempt to block access to our platforms. Accordingly, adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially harm our business. 
 We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and regulations governing privacy, information security, and data protection laws Privacy Laws ). Legislators and/or regulators in countries in which we operate are increasingly adopting or revising Privacy Laws. All U.S. states have passed data breach notification laws, and others have adopted or expanded laws and regulations that address the security of personal information and the collection and use of personal information through websites. In particular, California passed a broad-reaching consumer privacy law in June 2018, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, called the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ). In response to the CCPA, IZEA posted an updated California Privacy Notice on its websites. Virginia s Consumer Data Protection Act CDPA came into effect on January 1, 2023, which is also when the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 CPRA took effect. The U.S. Congress also is considering the implementation of a national Privacy Law. Outside the U.S., the European Union s EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective May 25, 2018, has an extra-territorial scope and substantial fines (up to 4 of global annual revenue or 20M, whichever is greater). In 2018, Brazil passed a law similar to GDPR and other countries are considering similar laws. Enforcement of Privacy Laws also has increased over the past few years. Accordingly, new and revised Privacy Laws, together with stepped-up enforcement of existing Privacy Laws, could significantly affect our current and planned privacy, data protection, information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention, and safeguarding of consumer and/or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. 
 The U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit but do not eliminate our liability for linking to third-party websites. These websites may contain materials that infringe copyrights or other intellectual property rights of third parties. We must comply with the statutory requirements of this act. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 As an e-commerce service provider, we are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914 (the FTC Act ), which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including advertising and marketing on the Internet. Many states have consumer protection laws similar to the FTC Act with the purpose of prohibiting unfair and deceptive business practices. In some instances, we are retained by marketers to manage their advertising campaigns through our platforms, thereby increasing our exposure as not only the service provider but also the medium through which advertisements are broadcast. In addition to those requirements, the marketers, creators, and agencies that use our platforms are subject to specific guidelines and regulations regarding online advertising, such as the Dot Com Disclosures - Information about Online Advertising , issued by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the FTC s Enforcement Policy Statement on Deceptively Formatted Advertisements, issued in 2015, and the FTC s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising (known as the Endorsement Guide) which were adopted in 2009, updated and reissued by the FTC in 2013, and further clarified in 2015 and are regularly enforced. The Endorsement Guide, for example, significantly extends the scope of potential liability associated with the use of testimonials and endorsements, including injecting endorsement requirements into advertising methods such as blogging, posting on Instagram, tweeting, and other online postings of sponsored advertisements by a creator. In particular, the Endorsement Guide provides that creators must always clearly and conspicuously disclose the material connection between the creator and the marketer, such as if they received consideration for blogging or posting about a particular product, service, brand, or the like, whether the consideration comprises something tangible (i.e. cash, discounts, objects that are provided to them at no cost, even for testing purposes) or intangible (such as accolades and more prominent future blogging or posting opportunities). In addition, the creator must not make claims about the product or service they are discussing that go beyond what the marketer could say about the product or service. The Endorsement Guide further provides that the marketer should ensure that creators speaking on its behalf are provided guidance and training needed to ensure their claims, statements, and representations are truthful, transparent, and properly substantiated, and monitor the activities of creators speaking on its behalf. If a creator, blogger, agency, or marketer should fail to comply with the Dot Com Disclosures, the Endorsement Guide, or any other FTC rule, regulation, or policy, which may be manifest by making deceptive, misleading, or unsubstantiated claims and representations, failing to disclose a sponsorship relationship or otherwise, then various parties related to the advertising campaign (including the service provider of the platform over which the campaign is managed) may be subject to liability as a result of such non-compliance. In the event it was found that we (or one of our marketer customers) failed to comply with the FTC Act or state consumer protection laws, it could result in the potential imposition of equitable redress or penalties that could include monetary damages, a modification of certain business practices, or an order to cease certain aspects of our operations. Other countries, such as Canada and EU member states, also have laws, regulations, and rules that mirror the FTC Endorsement Guide and similar consumer protection laws and guidance. 
 More generally, if there is negative consumer perception and mistrust of the practice of compensating creators to endorse the marketers' specific products, then marketers may become less interested in using influencer marketing platforms like ours as a means for advertising which could, in turn, materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We are committed to promoting ethical social sponsorship practices and have established terms of service for users of our platforms, which refer to the Endorsement Guide and include one or more of the following: 
 Mandatory Disclosure. Our terms of service require the disclosure of the sponsored relationship between the marketer and creator. Failure to disclose the sponsored relationship violates our terms of service, which may result in the withholding of payment for the sponsorship and the creator being removed from our network. 
 Freedom of Choice. Creators are free to choose which brands to work with and what sponsored content they want to publish. Our platforms do not auto-inject a marketer's message into an influencer's social media network. 
 Authentic Voice. We encourage honesty of opinion in the selection of sponsorships by a creator and similarly we encourage marketers to create opportunities that allow the creator to write the sponsorship in their own words, provided that a creator always adheres to our terms of service and code of ethics which includes disclosing their sponsored relationships at all times while using any of the platforms. 
 Transparency of Identity. Our platforms are designed to be an open, safe environment for our marketers, creators, and users. We do not cloak the identities of marketers or creators. Both parties involved in a potential transaction can see each other's profiles and make informed decisions before engaging with each other. 
 Pre-Publication Marketer Review. Marketers may choose to request to review their sponsored content before it is published and to request a change to the sponsored content before publication in the case of factual inaccuracies. 
 Reporting Violations. We have zero tolerance for violations of our terms of service and encourage the reporting of violations directly to IZEA. If violations are reported, we promptly investigate them and in appropriate cases, marketers, creators, and users are removed from our network and prohibited from using our sites. 
 We believe and have included requirements within our terms of service, based on positions taken by certain federal courts and the FTC, that communications and messages disseminated by our platform users are subject to and must comply at 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 all times with CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act) requirements. 
 To date, we have not been materially impacted by the rules governing messaging over social media networks and social sponsorship, including the CAN-SPAM Act and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991. However, we cannot predict the impact of future regulations on us and marketers and creators who use our platforms, nor can we predict the effects of attempts to circumvent our mechanisms designed to ensure compliance. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 126 employees, of which 123 were full-time employees, including 39 in sales and marketing, 42 in campaign fulfillment, 25 in technology and development, and 20 in administration and finance. None of our employees is represented by a collective bargaining agreement, nor have we experienced any work stoppage. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified engineers, sales and marketing, account management, and senior management personnel. 
 Available Information 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. is incorporated in the state of Nevada. Our corporate address is 1317 Edgewater Dr. # 1880 Orlando, FL 32804, and our telephone number is (407) 674-6911. We maintain a corporate website at https://izea.com. Our Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished according to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our SEC reports and other filings can be accessed through the investor s section of our website, or https://www.sec.gov. Information on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report or any other report we file or furnish with the SEC. 
 Investors and others should note that we use social media to communicate with our subscribers and the public about our Company, our services, new product developments, and other matters. Any information that we consider to be material to an investor's evaluation of our Company will be included in filings accessible through the SEC website and/or may be disseminated using our investor relations website (https://izea.com) and press releases. However, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our Company to also follow our social media channels: @izea on Twitter, @izea on Instagram, and IZEA on Facebook. The information contained in these social media channels is not part of and is not incorporated into, or included in, this Annual Report. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the factors discussed under this item regarding the numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operation may be materially and adversely affected. In such a case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. These risk factors may not identify all risks that we face, and our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 We have a history of annual net losses, expect future losses, and cannot assure you that we will achieve profitability. 
 We have incurred significant net losses and negative cash flow from operations for most periods since our inception, which has resulted in a total accumulated deficit of 78.1 million as of December 31, 2022. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we had a comprehensive loss of 5.3 million, including a 5.6 million loss from operations. We have not achieved profitability and cannot be certain that we will be able to realize sufficient revenue to achieve profitability. If we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. Therefore, we may need to raise capital through new financings, which could include equity financing, such as additional issuances of common stock under our at the market offering program, which may be dilutive to stockholders, or debt financing, which would likely restrict our ability to borrow from other sources. In addition, securities we issue may contain rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of the rights of our current stockholders. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. If adequate funds are unavailable, we may be required to curtail or reduce our operations or be forced to sell or dispose of our rights or assets. An inability to raise adequate funds on commercially reasonable terms would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, and financial condition, including the possibility that a lack of funds could cause our business to fail and liquidate with little or no return to investors. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business. 
 Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations can materially adversely affect demand for the Company s services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, declines in income or asset values, changes to labor and healthcare costs, and other economic factors. 
 A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased credit and collectability risk on the Company s trade receivables and declines in the fair value of the Company s financial instruments. These and other economic factors can materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are a remote workforce, which subjects us to certain operational challenges, risks, and potential harm to our business. 
 In light of the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, specifically stay-at-home orders imposed by certain states and localities, we did not enter into a new lease for our corporate headquarters in Winter Park, Florida or our Canadian headquarters in Toronto, Canada and additionally vacated the various co-working facilities previously used by our team members. As a result, our workforce has shifted from in-person to remote work, and we are subject to the challenges and risks of having a remote workforce. For example, certain security systems in homes or other remote workplaces may be less secure than those previously used in our offices, which may subject us to increased security risks, including cybersecurity-related events, and expose us to data or financial loss risks associated with disruptions to our business operations. Members of our workforce who access company data and systems remotely may not have access to robust technology, which could cause the networks, information systems, applications, and other tools available to those workers to be more limited or less reliable. We may also be exposed to risks associated with the locations of remote workers, including compliance with local laws and regulations or exposure to compromised internet infrastructure. Allowing members of our workforce to work remotely may create intellectual property risk if employees create intellectual property on our behalf while residing in a jurisdiction with unenforced or uncertain intellectual property laws. Further, if employees fail to inform us of changes in their work location, we may be exposed to additional risks without our knowledge. Remote working may also subject us to other operational challenges and risks. For example, remote working may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain personnel who prefer an in-person work environment. Operating our business remotely could have a negative impact on our corporate culture, decrease the ability of our workforce to collaborate and communicate effectively, decrease innovation and productivity, or negatively affect workforce morale. If we are unable to effectively maintain a fully remote workforce, manage the cybersecurity and other risks of remote work, and maintain our corporate culture and workforce morale, our business could be harmed or otherwise negatively impacted. 
 The Ukraine crisis could have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow in the future. 
 The Ukraine crisis raises a host of potential threats and risk factors to consider even though we do not conduct business directly in the Ukraine or Russia. Sanctions brought against Russia will impact the import, export, sale, and supply of goods and services with companies located in the U.S. and other regions. Many companies have ceased all operations in Russia with near- and short-term losses expected in the millions. This will have a negative impact on the global economy and effect economic and capital markets. A downturn in the economy could drive our customers to cancel or reduce existing bookings, which will result in a reduction in revenue. 
 In light of the dramatic sanctions imposed against Russia, the U.S. Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency CISA issued a warning of the risk of Russian cyber-attacks on U.S. networks and critical infrastructure. While we do not think we are a likely target of a cyber-attack, we need to be diligent in our controls over IT and ensuring the protection of our companies, employees, vendors, and customers data. If we do fall victim to such attack, it could have an adverse effect on our business operations. 
 We may experience losses or issues relating to transacting in and holding digital assets. 
 The use of digital assets to buy and sell goods and services is part of a new and rapidly evolving way of doing business. Growth in the adoption and use of digital assets is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. IZEA is prepared to transact in digital assets at the request of vendors, employees, and clients. Market valuation of digital assets is highly volatile and could result in losses. Currently, digital assets are treated as an intangible asset and must be impaired if a triggering event occurs. The assets are impaired if the fair market value falls below the carrying value. Governmental regulations could also impose tighter restrictions on transacting in digital assets, such as anti-money laundering compliance. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We make numerous estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies and these estimates create complexity in our accounting. If our accounting is erroneous or based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could change from investor expectations, which could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the U.S. Such estimates and assumptions include but are not limited to, judgments related to revenue recognition, stock based compensation, credit risk, and values surrounding software development, intangible assets and goodwill, and their economic useful lives. 
 Various factors contribute to complexity in our accounting. For example, the recognition of our revenue is governed by certain criteria that determine whether we report revenue either on a gross basis, as a principal, or net basis, as an agent, depending upon the nature of the sales transaction. Changes in how we control and manage our platforms, our contractual terms, our business practices, or other changes in accounting standards or interpretations, may change the reporting of our revenue on a gross to net or net to gross basis. As a result, we may experience significant fluctuations in our revenue depending on the nature of our sales and our reporting of such revenue and related accounting treatment, without any change in our underlying business or net income. Our guidance or estimates about the combination of gross or net revenue are based upon the volumes and characteristics that we believe will be the mix of revenue during the period. Those estimates and assumptions may be inaccurate when made or may be rendered inaccurate by subsequent changes in circumstances, such as changing the characteristics of our offerings or particular transactions in response to client demands, market developments, regulatory pressures, acquisitions, and other factors. In addition, we may incorrectly extrapolate from revenue recognition treatment of prior transactions to future transactions that we believe are similar, but that ultimately are determined to have different characteristics that dictate different revenue reporting treatment. These factors may make our financial reporting more complex and difficult for investors to understand, may make a comparison of our results of operations to prior periods or other companies more difficult, may make it more difficult for us to give accurate guidance, and could increase the potential for reporting errors. 
 Further, our acquisitions have imposed purchase accounting requirements, required us to integrate accounting personnel, systems, and processes, necessitated various consolidation and elimination adjustments, and imposed additional filing and audit requirements. An ongoing evolution of our business, changes in underlying GAAP, and any future acquisitions will compound these complexities. Our operating results may be adversely affected if we make accounting errors or our judgments prove to be wrong, assumptions change or actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below investor expectations or guidance we may have provided, resulting in a decline in our stock price and potential legal claims. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations or prevent fraud, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that any existing material weaknesses have been identified, or that we will not in the future identify material weaknesses. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer if, in the future, material weaknesses are found, and this could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Historically, we have not relied upon patents to protect our proprietary technology, and our competitors may be able to offer similar products and services, which would harm our competitive position. 
 Our success depends upon our proprietary technology. We do not have registered patents on any of our current platforms because we have determined that the costs of patent prosecution outweigh the benefits given the alternative of reliance upon copyright law to protect our computer code and other proprietary technology and properties. In addition to copyright laws, we rely upon service mark and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights. As part of our confidentiality procedures, we enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees and consultants. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary or develop similar technology 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 independently. Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult, and while we are unable to determine the extent to which piracy of our software products exists, software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the U.S., and effective copyright, trademark, trade secret, and patent protection may not be available in those jurisdictions. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate to protect us from the infringement or misappropriation of such rights by others, and we cannot assure you that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products and services, or design around any intellectual property rights we hold. 
 We cannot provide any assurance that our proprietary rights with respect to our products or services will be viable or have value in the future since the validity, enforceability, and type of protection of proprietary rights in Internet-related industries are uncertain and still evolving. 
 If third parties claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights, it may result in costly litigation. 
 We cannot assure you that third parties will not claim our current or future products or services infringe on their intellectual property rights. Any such claims, with or without merit, could cause costly litigation that could consume significant management time. As the number of product and services offerings in our market increases and functionalities increasingly overlap, companies such as ours may become increasingly subject to infringement claims. These claims, even if not meritorious, could be expensive to defend and could divert management's attention from operating our business. These claims also might require us to enter into royalty or license agreements. If required, we may not be able to obtain such royalty or license agreements or obtain them on terms acceptable to us. 
 Further, in recent years, there has been significant litigation in the U.S. involving patents and other intellectual property rights, particularly in the software and Internet-related industries. If we become liable to third parties for infringing their intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay a substantial award of damages and to develop non-infringing technology, obtain a license or cease selling the products that contain the infringing intellectual property. We may be unable to develop non-infringing technology or obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 Intense competition in our target markets could impair our ability to grow and to achieve profitability. 
 The market for influencer and content marketing is highly competitive. We expect this competition to continue to increase, in part because there are no significant barriers to entry to our industry for those that operate in a Managed Services or an agency-type model. Increased competition may result in reduced pricing for managed campaigns, reduced margins, and reduced revenue as a result of lost market share. Our principal competitors include other companies that provide marketers with Internet advertising solutions and companies that offer pay-per-click search services. 
 Within the enterprise software unit of IZEA s business SaaS Services ), while there is a higher technological barrier to entry, IZEA is vulnerable to new entrants with access to fresh capital and the ability to capitalize upon previous research and development investments made by us. This is particularly challenging given the minimal opportunity to protect our internet-based software via patents. 
 We also compete with traditional advertising media, such as direct mail, television, radio, cable, and print for a share of marketers' total advertising budgets. Many current and potential competitors enjoy competitive advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, greater access to advertising space on high-traffic websites, and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, and marketing resources. As a result, we may be unable to compete successfully. If we fail to compete successfully, we could lose customers and our revenue and results of operations could decline. 
 In addition, as we continue our efforts to expand the scope of our services, we may compete with a greater number of other media companies across an increasing range of different services, including in vertical markets where competitors may have advantages in expertise, brand recognition, and other areas. If existing or future competitors develop or offer products or services that provide significant performance, price, creative or other advantages over those offered by us, our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected. 
 We continue to develop our Flex platform and are in the process of transitioning customers away from our legacy IZEAx platform. We launched Marketplace and shuttered Shake. Our updated Flex and Marketplace platforms may not achieve sufficient market acceptance to be commercially viable for open marketplace or SaaS services. 
 In October 2022, we launched Marketplace on IZEA.com, replacing Shake with significantly upgraded functionality. In January 2023, we launched Flex which is designed to replace our legacy IZEAx platform, both for self-serve marketers to manage their influencer campaigns and for IZEA s Managed Services business. If our marketers and creators do not perceive this platform to be of high value and quality, we may not be able to retain them or acquire new marketers and creators. While the majority of IZEAx customers have contract pricing that is in-line with the pricing plans for Flex , some of our customers 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 have more expensive IZEAx plans, which are no longer sold under Flex . If those customers choose to transition to the Flex platform they may pay a lower licensing fee as a result, depending on the number of active users in their organization. 
 We must continue to attract and retain software customers to increase software related revenue and achieve profitability. If existing or future competitors develop or offer products or services that provide significant performance, price, creative or other advantages over this platform, demand for our platforms may decrease. In addition, we may experience attrition in our customers in the ordinary course of business resulting from several factors, including losses to competitors, mergers, closures, or bankruptcies. If we are unable to attract new customers in numbers sufficient to grow our business, or if too many customers are unwilling to offer products or services with compelling terms to our creators through our platforms, or if creators stop offering their services through our platform, our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Our total number of user accounts may be higher than the number of our actual individual marketers or creators and may not be representative of the number of persons who are active users. 
 Our total number of user accounts in our platforms may be higher than the number of our actual individual marketers and creators because some may have created multiple accounts for different purposes, including different user connections. We define a user connection as a social account or blog that has been added to our platforms under a user account. One user can add as many user connections as they like, and it is common for talent managers and large publishers to add several connections under a single account. Given the challenges inherent in identifying these creators, we do not have a reliable system to accurately identify the number of actual individual creators, and thus we rely on the number of total user connections and user accounts as our measure of the size of our user base. In addition, the number of user accounts includes the total number of individuals that have completed registration through a specific date, minus those individuals who have unsubscribed, and should not be considered as representative of the number of persons who continue to actively create to fulfill the sponsorships offered through our platforms. Many users may create an account but may not actively participate in marketplace activities. 
 Delays in releasing enhanced versions of our products and services could adversely affect our competitive position. 
 As part of our strategy, we expect to periodically release enhanced versions of our platforms and related services. Even if our new versions contain the features and functionality our customers want, in the event we are unable to timely introduce these new product releases, our competitive position may be harmed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the development of currently planned or future products in a timely and efficient manner. Due to the complexity of these products, internal quality assurance testing and customer testing of pre-commercial releases may reveal product performance issues, undesirable feature enhancements, or additional desirable feature enhancements that could lead us to postpone the release of these new versions. In addition, the reallocation of resources associated with any postponement would likely cause delays in the development and release of other future products or enhancements to our currently available products. Any delay in releasing other future products or enhancements of our products could cause our financial results to be adversely impacted. 
 We rely on third-party social media platforms to provide the mechanism necessary to deliver influencer marketing, and any change in the platform terms, costs, availability, or access to these technologies could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on third-party social media platforms such as Facebook/Meta, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube for core aspects of influencer data. These platforms include technologies that provide some of the functionality required to operate the influencer marketing portion of our platform, as well as functionalities such as user traffic reporting, ad-serving, content delivery services, discovering services, and metrics. There can be no assurance that these providers will continue to make all or any of their technologies available to us on reasonable terms, or at all. Many of the social platforms offer their own competing marketplaces or services. Third-party social media platforms may start charging fees or otherwise change their business models in a manner that impedes our ability to use their technologies. In any event, we have no control over these companies or their decision-making for granting us access to their social media platforms or providing us with analytical data, and any material change in the current terms, costs, availability, or use of their social media platforms or analytical data could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and by our customers and their end-users. Internet access providers or distributors may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to our content, which could lead to additional expenses to us and our customers and the loss of end-users and advertisers. 
 Products and services such as ours depend on our ability and the ability of our customers' users to access the Internet. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have, or in the future may have, significant market power in the broadband and Internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers may take or have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to products or services such as ours by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate product or service offerings such as ours, or by charging increased fees to businesses such as ours to provide content or to have users access that content. In 2015, the Federal Communications Commission FCC released an order, commonly referred to as net neutrality, that, among other things, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 prohibited (i) the impairment or degradation of lawful Internet traffic based on content, application, or service and (ii) the practice of favoring some Internet traffic over other Internet traffic based on the payment of higher fees. In December 2017, the FCC voted to overturn the net neutrality regulations imposed by the 2015 order. Internet service providers in the U.S. may now be able to impair or degrade the use of or increase the cost of using our products or services. Such interference could result in a loss of existing viewers, subscribers, and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new viewers, subscribers, and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in unanticipated losses that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations because a portion of our sales, expenses, assets, and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in the value of foreign currencies, particularly the Canadian dollar, affect our results of operations and financial position. With respect to international sales initially priced using U.S. dollars as a cost basis, a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would make our products less price competitive. Once the product is sold at a fixed foreign currency price, we could experience foreign currency gains or losses that could have a material effect on our operating results. 
 New tax treatment of companies engaged in Internet commerce may adversely affect the commercial use of our services and our financial results. 
 Due to the global nature of social media and our services, various states or foreign countries might attempt to regulate our transmissions or levy sales, income, or other taxes relating to our activities. Tax authorities at the international, federal, state, and local levels are currently reviewing the appropriate treatment of companies engaged in Internet commerce. New or revised international, federal, state, or local tax regulations may subject us or our creators to additional sales, income, and other taxes. We cannot predict the effect of current attempts to impose sales, income, or other taxes on commerce over social media. New or revised taxes and, in particular, sales taxes, VAT, and similar taxes would likely increase the cost of doing business online and decrease the attractiveness of advertising and selling goods and services over social media. New taxes could also create significant increases in internal costs necessary to capture data and collect and remit taxes. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and the results of operations. 
 We may become subject to government regulation and legal uncertainties that could reduce demand for our products and services or increase the cost of doing business, thereby adversely affecting our financial results. 
 As described in the section Business - Government Regulation, we are subject to laws and regulations applicable to businesses generally and certain laws or regulations directly applicable to service providers for advertising and marketing Internet commerce. Due to the increasing popularity and use of social media, it is possible that some laws and regulations may become applicable to us or may be adopted in the future concerning social media covering issues such as: 
 truth-in-advertising; 
 user privacy; 
 taxation; 
 right to access personal information; 
 copyrights; 
 distribution; and 
 characteristics and quality of services. 
 The applicability of existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, copyrights, and other intellectual property, encryption, taxation, libel, and export or import matters to social media platforms is uncertain. The vast majority of these laws were adopted before the broad commercial use of social media platforms and related technologies. As a result, they do not contemplate or address the unique issues of social media and related technologies. Changes to these laws intended to address these issues, including some recently proposed changes, could create uncertainty in the social media marketplace. Such uncertainty could reduce demand for our services or increase the cost of doing business due to increased costs of litigation or increased service delivery costs. 
 Our influencer marketing business is subject to the risks associated with word-of-mouth advertising and endorsements, such as violations of truth-in-advertising laws, the FTC Endorsement Guide, and other similar global regulatory requirements and, more generally, loss of consumer confidence. 
 As the practice of targeted advertising is increasingly scrutinized by both regulators and the industry alike, a greater emphasis has been placed on educating consumers about their privacy choices on the Internet and providing them with the right to opt-in or opt-out of targeted advertising. The common thread throughout both targeted advertising and the FTC requirements 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 described in detail in the section Business - Government Regulation is the increased importance placed on transparency between the marketer and the consumer to ensure that consumers know the difference between information and advertising on the Internet and are allowed to decide how their personal information will be used in the manner to which they are marketed. There is a risk regarding negative consumer perception of the practice of undisclosed compensation of social media users to endorse specific products. As described in the section Business - Government Regulation, we undertake various measures through controls across our platforms and by monitoring and enforcing our code of ethics to ensure that marketers and creators comply with the FTC's Endorsement Guide (and analogous laws and guidance in other countries) when utilizing our websites, but if competitors and other companies do not, it could create a negative overall perception for the industry. Not only will readers stop relying on blogs for useful, timely, and insightful information that enrich their lives by having access to up-to-the-minute information that often bears different perspectives and philosophies, but a lack of compliance will almost inevitably result in greater governmental oversight and involvement in an already-highly regulated marketplace. A pervasive overall negative perception caused by a failure of our preventative measures or by others not complying with the FTC's Endorsement Guide (among the FTC's other acts, regulations, and policies, and among analogous laws and guidance in other countries,) could result in reduced revenue and results of operations and higher compliance costs for us. 
 Failure to comply with federal, state, and international privacy laws and regulations, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new privacy laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business. 
 A variety of federal, state, and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing, and security of personal information Privacy Laws ). Privacy Laws are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. The EU adopted the GDPR, which went into effect in May 2018 and requires companies to satisfy stricter requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including its collection, use, protection, and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. EU Member States also are enacting national GDPR-implementing laws that are in some cases stricter or different from GDPR. In 2018, Brazil enacted a law similar to GDPR and other countries are expanding or considering their Privacy Laws to follow suit. Complying with these new and expanded Privacy Laws will cause us to incur substantial operational costs or may require us to change our business practices. For example, noncompliance with the GDPR could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others and fines up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of annual global revenues as well as damage to our reputation and brand. We also may find it necessary to establish systems to effectuate cross-border personal data transfers of personal information originating from the European Economic Area, Australia, Japan, and other non-U.S. jurisdictions, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business. 
 We have made public certain statements about our privacy practices concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of creators' personal information on our websites and platforms. Several Internet companies have incurred penalties for failing to abide by the representations made in their public-facing privacy notices. In addition, several states have adopted legislation that requires businesses to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect sensitive personal information and to provide notice to consumers in the event of a security breach. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our public-facing privacy notices, FTC requirements or orders or other federal, state, or international privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, or industry self-regulatory principles could result in claims, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental or other entities or the incurring by us of other liabilities, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, a failure or perceived failure to comply with industry standards or with our privacy policies and practices could result in a loss of creators or marketers and adversely affect our business. Federal, state, and international governmental authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications of targeted advertising, such as the use of cookies and other tracking technology. The regulation of these cookies and other current online advertising practices could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, or if we receive unfavorable media coverage, our ability to expand our base of creators and marketers will be impaired and our business and operating results will be harmed. 
 We believe that the brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the IZEA brand is critical to expanding our base of creators and marketers. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to promote, maintain, and protect the IZEA brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our platforms, applications, practices or service offerings, or the offerings of our marketers, could adversely affect our reputation, resulting in difficulties in recruiting, decreased revenue, and a negative impact on the number of marketers and the size of our creator base, the loyalty of our creators and the number and variety of sponsorships we offer each day. As a result, our business, prospects, results of operation, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our business depends on our ability to maintain and scale the network infrastructure necessary to operate our platforms and applications, and any significant disruption in service on our platforms and applications could result in a loss of creators or marketers. 
 Creators and marketers access our services through our platforms and applications. Our reputation and ability to acquire, retain, and serve our creators and marketers are dependent upon the reliable performance of our platforms and applications and the underlying network infrastructure. If our creator base continues to grow, we will need an increasing amount of network capacity and computing power. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts for cloud storage and computing power to handle the traffic on our platforms and data processing capabilities of our applications. The operation of these systems is expensive and complex and could result in operational failures. If our creator base or the amount of traffic on our platforms and applications grows more quickly than anticipated, we may be required to incur significant additional costs. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, or physical or electronic break-ins, could affect the security or availability of our platforms and applications, and prevent our creators and marketers from accessing our services. Our entire network infrastructure is hosted by third-party providers. Any disruption in these services or any failure of these providers to handle existing or increased traffic could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. If we do not maintain or expand our network infrastructure successfully or if we experience operational failures, we could lose current and potential creators and marketers or transactions between the two groups, which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 If our security measures are breached, or if our services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our platforms, our platforms and applications may be perceived as not being secure, marketers and creators may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. 
 Our platforms and applications and the network infrastructure that is hosted by third-party providers involve the storage and transmission of marketer and creator proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and potential liability. Our security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, security flaws in the third-party hosting service that we rely upon, or any number of other reasons and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data or our marketers' or creators' data. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, marketers, or creators to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data or our marketers' or creators' data. Although we do have security measures in place, we have had instances where some customers have used fraudulent credit cards to pay for our services. While these breaches of our security did not result in material harm to our business, any future breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our platforms and applications that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain and use unauthorized credit cards, obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures on a timely basis. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose marketers, creators, and vendors and have difficulty obtaining merchant processors or insurance coverage essential for our operations. 
 If our technology platforms contain defects, we may need to suspend their availability and our business and reputation would be harmed. 
 Platforms as complex as ours often contain unknown and undetected defects or performance problems. Many serious defects are frequently found during the period immediately following the introduction and initial release of new platforms or enhancements to existing platforms. Although we attempt to resolve all defects that we believe would be considered serious by our customers before making our platforms available to them, our products are not defect-free. We may not be able to detect and correct defects before releasing our product commercially. We cannot ensure that undetected defects or performance problems in our existing or future products will not be discovered in the future or that known defects, considered minor by us, will not result in serious issues for our customers. Any such defects or performance problems may be considered serious by our customers, resulting in a decrease in our revenues. 
 Some aspects of our business processes include open-source software, which poses risks that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open-source licenses, or lawsuits enjoining the use of such licensed software could negatively affect our business. 
 We incorporate open-source software into processes supporting our business and anticipate using open-source software in the future. Such open-source software may include software covered by licenses like the GNU General Public License, CreativeML, and Open RAIL-M. Certain aspects of various open-source licenses to which we are subject, as well as third party services that make use of these licenses, have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to operate certain features of our systems, limits our use of the software, inhibits certain aspects of our systems and negatively affects our business operations. 
 Some open-source licenses contain requirements that we make source code modifications or derivative works we create publicly available or make them available on unfavorable terms or at no cost, based upon the type of open-source software we use. 
 While we monitor our use of open-source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open-source license, such use could inadvertently occur, or could be claimed to have occurred, in part because open-source license terms are often ambiguous. We may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding the release or license of, modifications or derivative works that we have developed using such open-source software (which could include our proprietary source code or artificial intelligence AI models), or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open-source license. These claims could result in litigation and if portions of our proprietary AI models or software are determined to be subject to an open-source license, or if the license terms for the open-source software that we incorporate change, we could be required to publicly release all or affected portions of our source code, purchase a costly license, cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-engineer such source code in a manner that avoids infringement, discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis or change our business activities, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and potentially our intellectual property rights. In addition, the re-engineering process could require us to expend significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to complete the re-engineering process successfully. If we were required to publicly disclose any portion of our proprietary models, it is possible we could lose the benefit of trade secret protection for our models. 
 In addition to risks related to license requirements, the use of certain open-source software can lead to greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification, controls or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the origin of the software. There is little legal precedent in this area, and any actual or claimed requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could harm our business and could help third parties, including our competitors, develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours. Use of open-source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to breach our website and systems that rely on open-source software. Any of these risks associated with the use of open-source software could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and if not addressed, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to lawsuits for information published on our websites or by our marketers or creators, which may adversely affect our business. 
 Laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for the activities of their marketers or their social media creators and the content of their marketers' listings are currently unsettled. It is unclear whether we could be subject to claims for defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or claims based on other theories relating to the information we publish on our websites, or the information published across our platforms. These types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully, against online services and print publications in the past. We may not successfully avoid civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities carried out by our marketers or our creators. Our potential liability for unlawful activities of our marketers or our creators or the content of our marketers' listings could require us to implement measures to reduce our exposure to such liability, which may require us, among other things, to spend substantial resources or to discontinue certain service offerings. Our insurance may not adequately protect us against these types of claims and the defense of such claims may divert the attention of our management from our operations. If we are subject to such lawsuits, it may adversely affect our business. 
 If we fail to detect click-fraud or other invalid clicks, we could lose the confidence of our marketers and advertising partners as a result of lost revenue to marketers or misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information, thereby causing our business to suffer. 
 Click-fraud is a form of online fraud when a person or computer program imitates a legitimate user by intentionally clicking on an advertisement to generate a charge per click without having actual interest in the target of the advertisement's link. We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent or illegitimate clicks on our sponsored listings. The security measures we have in place, which are designed to reduce the likelihood of click-fraud, detect click-fraud from time to time. Although we do not charge customers on a cost per click basis, and the instances of click-fraud that we have detected to date have not had a material effect on our business, click-fraud could result in a marketer experiencing a reduced return on their investment in our advertising programs because the fraudulent clicks will not lead to revenue for the marketers. As a result, our marketers and advertising partners may become dissatisfied with our advertising programs, which could lead to the loss of marketers, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 advertising partners, and revenue. In addition, anyone who can circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary and confidential information or could cause interruptions in our operations. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches or to address problems caused by such breaches. Concerns over the security of the Internet and other online transactions and the privacy of users may also deter people from using the Internet to conduct transactions that involve transmitting confidential information. 
 The influencer and content marketing industry is subject to rapid technological change and, to compete, we must continually enhance our products and services. 
 We must continue to enhance and improve the performance, functionality, and reliability of our products and services. The influencer and content marketing industry is characterized by rapid technological change, changes in user requirements and preferences, frequent new product and service introductions embodying new technologies, and the emergence of new industry standards and practices that could render our products and services obsolete. In the past, we have discovered that some of our customers desire additional performance and functionality not currently offered by our products. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop new products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our customers and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. The development of our technology and other proprietary technology involves significant technical and business risks. We may fail to use new technologies effectively or to adapt our proprietary technology and systems to customer requirements or emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt to changing market conditions, customer requirements, or emerging industry standards, we may not be able to increase our revenue and expand our business. 
 If we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business and achieve our objectives. 
 We believe our future success will depend upon our ability to retain our key management, including Edward H. Murphy, our Chief Executive Officer, and Ryan S. Schram, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Murphy, who is our founder, has unique knowledge regarding the influencer marketing space, business contacts, system design, and development expertise regarding our platforms that would be difficult to replace. Mr. Schram has sales, marketing, and business development expertise that our other officers do not possess. Even though we have employment agreements in place with each of them, if Messrs. Murphy and Schram were to become unavailable to us, our operations would be adversely affected. Although we maintain key-man life insurance for our benefit on the lives of Mr. Murphy and Mr. Schram, this insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for the loss of our executive officers. 
 Our future success and our ability to expand our operations will also depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain additional qualified engineers, sales and marketing, and senior management personnel. Competition for these types of employees is intense due to the limited number of qualified professionals and the high demand for them. We have in the past experienced difficulty in recruiting qualified personnel. Failure to attract, assimilate and retain personnel, including key management, technical, sales, and marketing personnel, would have a material adverse effect on our business and potential growth. 
 Public company compliance may make it more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, we expect these rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs and to make certain activities more time-consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult and costly for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. 
 Risks Relating to our Common Stock 
 Our common stock may be delisted if we fail to maintain compliance with the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and the price of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 
 Our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol IZEA . To maintain this listing, we must satisfy Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, including, among other things, a minimum closing bid price requirement of 1.00 per share for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the "Bid Price Rule"). 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 On July 6, 2022, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that the Company was not in compliance with the Bid Price Rule. The notification letter stated that the Company would be afforded 180 calendar days (until January 2, 2023) to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance, the Company's closing bid price must remain at 1.00 or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. The notification letter also stated that in the event the Company did not regain compliance within the 180 day period, the Company may be eligible for an additional 180 days to regain compliance. To qualify, the Company was required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and would need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 
 On January 5, 2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that it had been granted an additional 180-day period, or until July 3, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If at any time during this second 180-day period the closing bid price of the Company s common stock is at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq staff have stated it will provide written confirmation of compliance. 
 If we are unable to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule, or fail to meet any of the other continued listing requirements in the future, our common stock may be delisted from Nasdaq, which could reduce the liquidity of our common stock materially and result in a corresponding material reduction in the price of our common stock. In addition, delisting could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the potential loss of confidence by investors, employees, and business development opportunities. Such a delisting likely would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. Further, if we were to be delisted from Nasdaq, our common stock may no longer be recognized as a covered security and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Thus, delisting from Nasdaq could adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, would significantly impact the ability of investors to trade our securities, and would negatively impact the value and liquidity of our common stock. 
 We have raised and may raise, additional capital to meet our business requirements in the future and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain and could dilute current stockholders ownership interests. 
 We have incurred losses since inception and expect to continue to incur losses until we can significantly grow our revenues. Therefore, we may need additional financing to maintain and expand our business. 
 The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors and may include preferences, superior voting rights, and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities then outstanding. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses, and other costs. We may be required to bear the costs even if we are unable to complete any such capital financing. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we issue, such as convertible promissory notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial results. 
 Exercises of stock options, warrants, and other securities will dilute your percentage of ownership and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 As of March 24, 2023, we had 62,471,997 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, which included 95 shares of unvested restricted stock, outstanding stock options to purchase 1,611,298 shares of our common stock at an average exercise price of 2.76 per share, and unvested restricted stock units of 1,461,980 shares with an intrinsic value of 945,936. 
 As of March 24, 2023, we also have reserved shares to issue stock options, restricted stock, or other awards to purchase or receive up to 2,233,075 shares of common stock under our May 2011 Equity Incentive Plan and 363,072 shares of common stock under our 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. In the future, we may grant these additional shares or issue new securities, per terms defined in employment agreements or as part of additional incentive programs. The exercise, conversion, or exchange by holders of stock options, restricted stock units, or warrants for shares of common stock, or the issuance of new shares of common stock for additional compensation will dilute the percentage ownership of our stockholders. Issuance of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could cause the price of our common stock to fall and could impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional securities. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. No person is under any obligation to publish research or reports on us, and any person publishing research or reports on us may discontinue doing so at any time without notice. If adequate research coverage is not maintained on our company or if any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or provide relatively more favorable recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analysts who cover us were to cease coverage of our Company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Our earnings are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and to market downturns. 
 Our revenues and earnings may fluctuate significantly in the future. General economic or other political conditions may cause a downturn in the market for our products or services. A future downturn in the market for our products or services could adversely affect our operating results and increase the risk of substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations in our earnings. Our future operating results may be affected by many factors, including, but not limited to our ability to retain existing or secure anticipated marketers and creators; our ability to develop, introduce and market new products and services on a timely basis; changes in the mix of products developed, produced, and sold; disputes with our marketers and creators; and general economic conditions causing a reduction in spending by our customers. These factors affecting our future earnings are difficult to forecast and could harm our quarterly and/or annual operating results. The change in our earnings or general economic conditions may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate. 
 The price of our common stock in the public markets has experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme volatility due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 Since our common stock started trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, it has been relatively thinly traded and at times been subject to price volatility. Recently, from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock ranged from a low of 0.54 on December 30, 2022, to a high of 1.66 on March 31,2022. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock averaged 0.94 with an average daily trading volume of 488,000 shares. 
 In addition to shares of our common stock, the stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology-based companies in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock has historically experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility. As a result, the market price could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 
 changes in our industry; 
 competitive pricing pressures; 
 our ability to obtain working capital financing; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 limited public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market prices of our common stock; 
 speculative trading practices of certain market participants; 
 actual or purported short squeeze trading activity; 
 expiration of any Rule 144 holding periods or registration of unregistered securities issued by us; 
 sales of our common stock; 
 our ability to execute our business plan; 
 operating results that fall below expectations; 
 loss of any strategic relationship; 
 regulatory developments; and 
 economic and other external factors, including effects of the coronavirus pandemic. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 These and other market and industry factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, regardless of our actual operating performance, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 
 Further, on some occasions, our stock price may be or may be purported to be, subject to short squeeze activity. A short squeeze is a technical market condition that occurs when the price of a stock increases substantially, forcing market participants who had taken a position that its price would fall (i.e. who had sold the stock short ), to buy it, which in turn may create significant, short-term demand for the stock not for fundamental reasons, but rather due to the need for such market participants to acquire the stock to forestall the risk of even greater losses. A short squeeze condition in the market for a stock can lead to short-term conditions involving very high volatility and trading that may or may not track fundamental valuation models. 
 In addition, in the past, class action litigation has often been instituted against companies whose securities have experienced periods of volatility in market price. Securities litigation brought against us following volatility in our stock price, regardless of the merit or ultimate results of such litigation, could result in substantial costs, which would hurt our financial condition and operating results and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 

ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES 
 
 As a virtual-first employer, we do not have any current physical locations and all of our employees are working remotely. Our corporate mailing address is 1317 Edgewater Dr #1880, Orlando, Florida 32804. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various other lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in any such litigation that may arise from time to time that may harm our business. As of March 24, 2023, we are not aware of any legal proceedings or claims that we believe would or could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on us. Regardless of outcomes, however, any such proceedings or claims may nonetheless impose a significant burden on management and employees and may come with costly defense costs or unfavorable preliminary interim rulings. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Common Stock Information 
 Our shares of common stock trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol IZEA. As of March 24, 2023, we had approximately 146 shareholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid dividends to holders of our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future as we intend to retain any earnings for use in our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law, and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See the section Equity Incentive Plans, under Part III, Item 11 of this Annual Report. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Except as previously reported in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, there were no unregistered sales of equity securities by us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6 - RESERVED 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Company Overview 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. IZEA , Company, we , us or our creates and operates online marketplaces that connect marketers, including brands, agencies, and publishers, with content creators such as Instagram influencers, TikTok influencers, YouTube stars, designers, photographers, and writers creators ). Our technology brings the marketers and creators together, enabling their transactions to be completed at scale by managing custom content workflow, creator search and targeting, bidding, analytics, and payment processing. 
 We help power the growing Creator Economy, allowing everyone from college students and stay-at-home individuals to celebrities and accredited journalists the opportunity to monetize their content, creativity, and influence through our marketers. IZEA compensates these creators for producing unique content such as long and short-form text, videos, photos, status updates, and illustrations for marketers or distributing such content on behalf of marketers through their websites, blogs, and social media channels. 
 We provide value through managing custom content workflow, creator search and targeting, bidding, analytics, and payment processing. While the majority of the marketers engage us to perform these services on their behalf, they may also use our marketplaces to engage creators for influencer marketing campaigns or to produce custom content on a self-service basis by licensing our technology. 
 Our newest technology platform, IZEA Flex Flex ), introduces end-to-end tracking of social commerce, allowing marketers to easily measure the impact of individual influencers on e-commerce revenue at scale, and integrates key functions of The Creator Marketplace Marketplace on IZEA.com. Modules in Flex include Discover , which allows marketers to search through content from millions of influencer social profiles while filtering across channels, demographics, and interests; ContentMine , a content management tool that collects and measures influencer content, provides real-time insights and A.I. content analysis from BrandGraph ; ShareMonitor , a multi-platform social monitoring tool that allows marketers to monitor hashtags, keywords and brand mentions across leading social platforms; Integrations provides deep integrations such as with Google Analytics and Shopify, providing marketers the capability to track influencer campaign metrics such as time on site, engagement and revenue; and Tracking Links provides real-time tracking metrics for influencer marketing and can track customer conversions, spend, and purchases when used with other Flex modules. 
 In 2022, we also launched Marketplace on IZEA.com, which provides powerful tools for creators to showcase their social handles and the brands and topics they post about, and marketers to easily search and filter creator listings that meet 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 requirements of their influencer marketing campaigns, including creator-specific predictive audience demographics. Marketplace features include Casting Calls which gives marketers and creators a two-way marketplace to connect and collaborate; marketers use Casting Calls to solicit creators for everything from influencing campaigns to full time employment; creators respond directly to Casting Calls with video and text responses. 
 BrandGraph is a social media intelligence platform offering marketers an analysis of share-of-voice, engagement benchmarking, category spending estimates, influencer identification, and sentiment analysis. The BrandGraph platform maps and classifies the complex hierarchy of corporation-to-brand relationships by category and associates social content with brands through a proprietary content analysis engine. 
 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Overall consolidated results of operations are evaluated based on Revenue, Cost of Revenue, Sales and Marketing expenses, General and Administrative expenses, Depreciation and Amortization, and Other Income (Expense), net. 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from four primary sources: (1) revenue from our managed services when a marketer (typically a brand, agency, or partner) pays us to provide custom content, influencer marketing, amplification, or other campaign management services Managed Services (2) revenue from fees charged to software customers on their marketplace spend within our platforms Marketplace Spend Fees (3) revenue from license and subscription fees charged to access our platforms License Fees and (4) revenue derived from other fees such as inactivity fees, early cash-out fees, and other miscellaneous fees charged to users of our platforms Other Fees ). 
 As discussed in more detail within Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates under Note 1. Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, under Part I, Item 1 herein, revenue from Marketplace Spend Fees are reported on a net basis, and revenue from all other sources, including Managed Services, License Fees, and Other Fees are reported on a gross basis. We further categorize these sources into two primary groups: (1) Managed Services and (2) SaaS Services, which includes revenue from Marketplace Spend Fees, License Fees, and Other Fees. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Our cost of revenue consists of direct costs paid to our third-party creators who provide the custom content, influencer marketing, or amplification services for our Managed Service customers, where we report revenue on a gross basis. It also includes internal costs related to our campaign fulfillment and SaaS support departments. These costs include salaries, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation, employee benefit costs, and miscellaneous departmental costs related to the personnel responsible for providing support to our customers and ultimately fulfilling our obligations under our contracts with customers. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation, employee benefit costs, travel and miscellaneous departmental costs for our marketing, sales, and sales support personnel, as well as marketing expenses such as brand marketing, public relations events, trade shows, and marketing materials, and travel expenses. 
 General and Administrative 
 Our general and administrative G A expense consists primarily of salaries, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation, employee benefit costs, and miscellaneous departmental costs related to our executive, finance, legal, human resources, and other administrative personnel. It also includes travel, public company, investor relations expenses, accounting, legal professional services fees, leasehold facilities, and other corporate-related expenses. G A expense also includes our technology and development costs consisting primarily of our payroll costs for our internal engineers and contractors responsible for developing, maintaining, and improving our technology, as well as hosting and software subscription costs. These costs are expensed as incurred, except to the extent that they are associated with internal-use software that qualifies for capitalization, which is then recorded as software development costs in the consolidated balance sheet. We also capitalize costs that are related to our acquired intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization related to these costs are separately stated under depreciation and amortization in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. G A expense also includes current period gains and losses on our acquisition costs payable and gains and losses from the sale of fixed assets. Impairments on fixed assets, intangible assets, and goodwill are included as part of general and administrative expense when they are not material and broken out separately in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss when they are material. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of amortization of our internal-use software and acquired intangible assets from our business acquisitions. To a lesser extent, we also have depreciation and amortization on equipment used by our personnel. Costs are amortized or depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the associated assets. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense is primarily related to the payment plans for the purchase of computer equipment. 
 Other Income. Other income consists primarily of interest income for interest earned on investments, or changes in the value of our foreign assets and liabilities and foreign currency exchange gains and losses on foreign currency transactions, primarily related to the Canadian Dollar. For 2021, it also includes a gain on the forgiveness of debt related to our PPP loan (see Liquidity and Capital Resources PPP Loan and a gain on the sale of digital assets. 
 
 Results of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statements of operations and the change between the periods: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Revenue 41,095,937 30,022,377 11,073,560 37 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 24,737,699 14,461,702 10,275,997 71 Sales and marketing 9,523,894 8,795,038 728,856 8 General and administrative 11,637,044 11,034,246 602,798 5 Depreciation and amortization 828,161 1,089,118 (260,957) (24) Total costs and expenses 46,726,798 35,380,104 11,346,694 32 Loss from operations (5,630,861) (5,357,727) (273,134) 5 Other income (expense): Interest expense (799) (25,320) 24,521 (97) Other income (expense), net 1,162,162 2,242,426 (1,080,264) (48) Total other income (expense), net 1,161,363 2,217,106 (1,055,743) (48) Net Loss (4,469,498) (3,140,621) (1,328,877) 42 
 
 Revenue 
 The following table illustrates our revenue by type, the percentage of total revenue by type, and the change between the periods: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Managed Services Revenue 39,456,986 96 28,203,556 94 11,253,430 40 Marketplace Spend Fees 205,809 2 319,419 1 (113,610) (36) License Fees 1,301,198 3 1,454,874 5 (153,676) (11) Other Fees 131,944 44,528 87,416 196 SaaS Services Revenue 1,638,951 4 1,818,821 6 (179,870) (10) Total Revenue 41,095,937 100 30,022,377 100 11,073,560 37 
 
 Managed Services revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, increased 40 from the same period in 2021, primarily due to revenue from one large customer contract, which comprised over one-third of the increase in managed services revenue. All performance obligations related to this contract will be complete in 2023. The balance of the increase in Managed Services revenue is due to growth in orders from new and existing customers expanding their marketing efforts as compared to the prior year. 
 SaaS Services revenue, which includes license and support fees to access the platform services, and fees earned on the marketers self-service use of our technology platforms to manage their content workflow and influencer marketing campaigns, declined 10 from the same period in 2021, due to: 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Marketplace Spend Fees decreased by approximately 0.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, when compared with the same period in 2021, primarily as a result of lower spend levels from our marketers and lower fees assessed on those spends as a result of competitive pricing efforts. Revenue from Marketplace Spend Fees represents our net margins received on this business. 
 License Fees revenue decreased by approximately 0.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period of 2021. The decrease in license fees was partially offset by an increase in subscribers, albeit at lower rates. Additionally, we implemented a competitive standardized pricing system for all license fee customers. 
 Other Fees revenue increased by approximately 0.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, due to a customer deposit forfeiture. Nonrefundable deposits are collected from certain customers due to defined minimum spend per the contract or prepayment required for identified credit issues. Customers do not typically forfeit deposits held on account . 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, increased by 10.3 million, or approximately 71 , compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to the increase in Managed Services revenue. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increased from 48 in 2021 to 60 in 2022, due primarily to several large contracts in the current period that carry a lower average margin. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, increased by 0.7 million, or approximately 8 , compared to the same period in 2021. Advertising and marketing expense remained consistent with the prior year, promoting brand awareness, and improving customer acquisition, satisfaction, and retention. Payroll, personnel-related expense, and stock compensation for sales and marketing personnel increased primarily due to additional headcount and associated payroll costs. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, increased by 0.6 million, or approximately 5 , compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to 0.5 million higher spend on professional services related to accounting services, 0.7 million higher spend on software, licenses, and web hosting services, and 0.3 million higher spend on travel as we return to pre-pandemic conditions. Contractor costs decreased by 0.09 million due to the capitalization of software development hours offset by the costs of additional engineers to supplement our team working to expand our technology offerings. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 0.3 million, or approximately 24 , compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment was approximately 0.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Depreciation expense decreased due to the disposal of aging equipment in 2022. 
 Amortization expense was approximately 0.7 million and 1.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired in the Ebyline, ZenContent, and TapInfluence acquisitions was 0 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 0.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, while amortization expense related to internal-use software development costs was 0.7 million and 0.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Amortization on our intangible acquisition assets was fully amortized in 2021. Amortization on our internal software costs is increasing due to the development of Flex and Marketplace in 2022. Significant development on Flex will continue into 2023. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest expense totaled 0.8 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Interest expense in 2021 included approximately 24,000 related to the write-off of capitalized loan acquisition costs on the secured credit facility that we canceled in 2021. 
 Other income, net totaled 1.2 million in investment portfolio interest income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.2 million in the prior year period, which included 1.9 million of income related to the forgiveness of debt for the PPP Loan and a 0.2 million gain on the sale of cryptocurrency. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Net Loss from Operations 
 Net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was 4.4 million, a 1.3 million increase in the net loss of 3.1 million for the same period in 2021. The increase in net loss was the result of no income earned related to the forgiveness of debt in the current year offset by increased interest income. Net loss from operations increased 0.3 million over the prior year. 
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Comprehensive loss includes 0.8 million in unrealized losses on investment securities, which, if held to maturity, will settle at par without loss. 
 
 Key Metrics 
 We review the information provided by our key financial metrics, Managed Services Bookings and gross billings, to assess the progress of our business and make decisions on where to allocate our resources. As our business evolves, we may change the key financial metrics in future periods. 
 Managed Services Bookings 
 Managed Services Bookings is a measure of all sales orders received during a time period less any cancellations received, or refunds given during the same time period. Sales order contracts vary in complexity with each customer and range from custom content delivery to integrated marketing services; our contracts generally run from several months for smaller contracts up to twelve months for larger contracts. We recognize revenue from our Managed Services contracts on a percentage of completion basis as we deliver the content or services over time, which can vary greatly. Historically, bookings have converted to revenues over a 6-month period on average. However, since late 2020, we have been receiving increasingly larger and more complex sales orders which, in turn, has lengthened the average revenue period to approximately 9-months, with the largest contracts taking longer to complete. For this reason, Managed Services Bookings, while an overall indicator of the health of our business, may not be used to predict quarterly revenues, and could be subject to future adjustment. Managed Services Bookings is useful information as it reflects the amount of orders received in one period, even though revenue from those orders may be reflected over varying amounts of time. Management uses the Managed Services Bookings metric to plan its operating staff, to identify key customer group trends to enlighten go-to-market activities, and to inform its product development efforts. Managed Services Bookings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was 37.5 million and 39.5 million, respectively. 
 Gross Billings by Revenue Type 
 Company management evaluates our operations and makes strategic decisions based, in part, on our key metric of gross billings from our two primary types of revenue, Managed Services, and SaaS Services. We define gross billings as the total dollar value of the amounts charged to our customers for the services we perform, and the amounts billed to our SaaS customers for their self-service purchase of goods and services on our platforms. The amounts billed to our SaaS customers are on a cost-plus basis. Gross billings are therefore the amounts of our reported revenue plus the cost of payments we made to third-party creators providing the content or sponsorship services, which are netted against revenue for generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP reporting purposes. 
 Managed Services gross billings include the total dollar value of the amounts billed to our customers for the services we perform. Gross billings for Managed Services are the same as Managed Services Revenue reported for those services in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in accordance with GAAP. 
 SaaS Service gross billings include license and other fees together with the total amounts billed to our SaaS customers for their self-service purchase of goods and services on our platforms, termed Marketplace Spend Fees. Our SaaS customers marketplace spend is billed on a cost-plus basis. SaaS Services Revenue includes the total of License and Other Fees gross billings, plus the Marketplace Spend Fees gross billings (which includes our third-party creator costs on those billings that are netted against revenue for GAAP reporting purposes). 
 We consider gross billings to be an important indicator of our potential performance as it measures the total dollar volume of transactions generated through our marketplaces. Tracking gross billings allows us to monitor the percentage of gross billings that we retain after payments to our creators. Additionally, tracking gross billings is critical as it pertains to our credit risk and cash flows. We invoice our customers based on our services performed or based on their self-service transactions plus our fee. Then we remit the agreed-upon transaction price to the creators. If we do not collect the money from our customers prior to paying our creators, we could experience large swings in our cash flows. Additionally, we incur the credit risk to collect amounts owed from our customers for all services performed by us or by the creators. Finally, gross billings allow us to evaluate our transaction totals on an equal basis to see our contribution margins by revenue stream so that we can better understand where we should be allocating our resources. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables set forth our gross billings by revenue type, the percentage of total gross billings by type, and the change between the periods: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Managed Services Gross Billings 39,456,986 90 28,203,556 84 11,253,430 40 Marketplace Spend Fees 3,109,719 7 3,970,308 12 (860,589) (22) License Fees 1,301,198 3 1,454,874 4 (153,676) (11) Other Fees 131,944 44,528 87,416 196 SaaS Services Gross Billings 4,542,861 10 5,469,710 16 (926,849) (17) Total Gross Billings 43,999,847 100 33,673,266 100 10,326,581 31 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings or loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation, gain or loss on asset disposals or impairment, and certain other unusual or non-cash income and expense items such as gains or losses on settlement of liabilities and exchanges, and changes in the fair value of derivatives, if applicable. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of operating performance, for planning purposes, to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business and in communications with our Board of Directors regarding our financial performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA also provides valuable information to investors as it excludes non-cash transactions, and it provides consistency to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. 
 You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results of operations as under GAAP. All companies do not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Moreover, Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, including that Adjusted EBITDA: 
 does not include stock-based compensation expense, which is a non-cash expense, but has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense for our business and an essential part of our compensation strategy; 
 does not include stock issued for payment of services, which is a non-cash expense, but has been, and is expected to be for the foreseeable future, an important means for us to compensate our directors, vendors, and other parties who provide us with services; 
 does not include depreciation and intangible assets amortization expense, impairment charges and gains or losses on disposal of equipment, which is not always a current period cash expense, but the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future; and 
 does not include interest expense and other gains, losses, and expenses that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing core operating results, but these items may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us. 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the operation and growth of our business or as a measure of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using these non-GAAP financial measures as supplements. In evaluating this non-GAAP financial measure, you should be aware that in the future, we may incur expenses similar to those for which adjustments are made in calculating Adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure should also not be construed to infer that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth a reconciliation from the GAAP measurement of net loss to our non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (4,469,498) (3,140,621) Gain on the forgiveness of debt (1,927,220) Gain on the sale of digital assets (189,307) Impairment of digital assets 148,310 3,412 Non-cash stock-based compensation 610,772 878,739 Non-cash stock issued for payment of services 125,000 147,329 Interest expense 799 25,320 Depreciation and amortization 828,161 1,089,118 Other non-cash items (7,674) (22,022) Adjusted EBITDA (2,764,130) (3,135,252) Revenue 41,095,937 30,022,377 Adjusted EBITDA as a of Revenue (7) (10) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Near-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s primary cash needs have historically been funding the development and integration of our technology platforms used in its business, marketing expenses, and general and administrative G A expenses including salaries, bonuses, and commissions. The Company has incurred losses and negative cash flow from operations for most periods since inception, primarily the result of costs associated with third-party creators, salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation, and other G A expenses, including technology and development costs, which has resulted in a total accumulated deficit of 78.1 million as of December 31, 2022. While we have not achieved profitability, we believe we have sufficient resources to fund operations and planned investments for at least the next twelve months. 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 24.6 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 75.4 million as of December 31, 2021. This decrease of 50.8 million is primarily the result of investment of cash pursuant to our investment policy, 29.3 million of which is classified as long-term investments and 16.1 million classified as short-term investments, with the balance for the change primarily due to operating losses. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash (used for)/provided by: Operating activities (3,057,112) (2,566,999) Investing activities (47,698,907) (26,169) Financing activities (76,316) 44,981,238 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (50,832,335) 42,388,070 
 Net cash used for operating activities was 3.1 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and is primarily the result of continued use of cash to cover operating losses. Net cash used for investing activities was 47.7 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the purchase and sale of marketable securities. Net cash used for financing activities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was 76.3 thousand, which consisted primarily of proceeds from stock option exercises offset by payments on shares withheld for taxes. 
 Long-Term Liquidity 
 We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue the expansion of our business. We currently believe that we have adequate cash and invested resources to fund our business growth for the next twelve months, however, should additional capital become necessary, we expect these funds would be financed predominately through proceeds from future equity, equity-based, or debt offerings, unless and until our operations are 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 profitable and sustain our ongoing capital needs. As a result, our business success could depend, to a significant extent, upon our ability to obtain the funding necessary to support our operations. 
 Financial Condition and Outlook 
 Since 2020, our business operations and results have been impacted by economic impacts of supply-chain issues, labor disruption, business closures, and recently, inflationary pressures. Additionally, the broadening unenthusiastic economic outlook may be affecting marketing budgets as evidenced by the softness in bookings the Company has experienced through the fourth quarter of 2022. We also announced in January 2023 that we began the process of parting ways with a single large customer that, while having a significant impact on Managed Services revenue growth, carried margins that were 40 to 50 lower than our core business. While our recent bookings have not met expectations, we see evidence of continued demand for influencer marketing services in our pipeline, and despite opportunities taking longer to close, we believe that our base business remains strong. However, these matters, taken together, could have a further material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial position in future periods. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 We prepare our financial statements according to GAAP. Certain accounting policies require that we apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. These judgments will be subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty by their nature. Our judgments are based upon the historical experience of the Company, terms of existing contracts, observance of trends in the industry, the information provided by our customers, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, please refer to Note 1 Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this Annual Report. We consider accounting estimates to be critical accounting policies when: 
 The estimates involve matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made; and 
 Different estimates or changes to estimates could have a material impact on the reported financial position, changes in financial position, or results of operations. 
 When more than one accounting principle, or method of its application, is generally accepted, we select the principle or method that we consider the most appropriate when given the specific circumstances. The application of these accounting principles requires us to estimate the future resolution of existing uncertainties. Due to the inherent uncertainty involving estimates, actual results reported in the future may differ from our estimates. The following critical accounting policies are significantly affected by judgments, assumptions, and estimates used to prepare the financial statements. 
 Accounts Receivable and Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Accounts receivable are customer obligations due under normal trade terms. We consider an account delinquent when the customer has not paid its balance due by the associated due date. Collectability risk of accounts receivable is not significant since most customers are bound by contract and are required to fund us for all the costs of an opportunity, defined as an order created by a marketer for a creator to develop or share content on behalf of a marketer. If a portion of the account balance is deemed uncollectible, we will either write off the amount owed or provide a reserve based on our best estimate of the uncollectible portion of the account. Management estimates the collectability of accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and considering a customer s financial condition, credit history, and current economic conditions. We had a reserve of 0.2 million for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022. We believe that this estimate is reasonable, but there can be no assurance that the estimate will not change due to a shift in economic or business conditions within the industry, the individual customers, or our Company. Any adjustments to this account are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as a general and administrative expense. Bad debt expense was less than 1 of revenue for each of the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Concentrations of credit risk in accounts receivable were typically limited because many geographically diverse customers make up our customer base, thus spreading the trade credit risk. We control credit risk through credit approvals, credit limits, and monitoring procedures. We perform credit evaluations of our customers but generally do not require collateral to support accounts receivable. We had three customers that accounted for 64 of total accounts receivable on December 31, 2022. We had one customer that accounted for 29 of our revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. We had three customers that accounted for 38 of total accounts receivable on December 31, 2021. One customer accounted for 14 of our revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 Software Development Costs and Acquired Intangible Software 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350-40, Internal Use Software, we capitalize certain internal-use software development costs associated with creating and enhancing internally developed software related to our platforms. Software development activities generally consist of three stages (i) the research and planning stage, (ii) the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 application and development stage, and (iii) the post-implementation stage. Costs incurred in the research and planning stage and the post-implementation stage of software development or other maintenance and development expenses that do not meet the qualification for capitalization are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred in the application and development stage, including significant enhancements and upgrades, are capitalized. These costs include personnel and related employee benefits expenses for employees or consultants directly associated with and who devote time to software projects and external direct costs of materials obtained in developing the software. We also capitalize certain costs related to cloud computing arrangements ("CCAs"). We have capitalized software development costs of 1.8 million, net of amortization, in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. These costs are reflected as intangible assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. We do not transfer ownership of our software to third parties. These software developments and CCA costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of five years upon initial release of the software or additional features. We review the software development costs for impairment when circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an asset group is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss for the excess of carrying value over the fair value in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred for an acquired business over the fair value of the underlying identifiable net assets. We have goodwill in connection with our acquisitions of Ebyline, ZenContent, and TapInfluence. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. If management determines that the value of goodwill has become impaired, we will record a charge for the amount of impairment during the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made. 
 Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below the operating segment level, which is referred to as a component. Management identifies its reporting units by assessing whether components (i) have discrete financial information available; (ii) engage in business activities; and (iii) whether a segment manager regularly reviews the component's operating results. Net assets and goodwill of acquired businesses are allocated to the reporting unit associated with the acquired business based on the anticipated organizational structure of the combined entities. If two or more components are deemed economically similar, those components are aggregated into one reporting unit when performing the annual goodwill impairment review. We have determined that we have one reporting unit. 
 In accordance with ASC 350-20, management s practice is to assess the carrying value of the Company s goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1, or more frequently during interim periods if events or changes in circumstances indicate it may be impaired. To conduct its 2022 assessment, the Company elected to perform an independent quantitative goodwill impairment test, which determined the fair value of the equity of the Company exceeded the carrying value of our goodwill. Additionally, Management determined that as of December 31, 2022, no indicators were present that would trigger an interim impairment test, and that as of December 31, 2022, there is no impairment. 
 Purchase, Disposal, and Impairment of Digital Assets 
 Historically, we mined digital assets (mining operations ceased in 2019) and purchased digital assets on exchanges. In 2021, we announced that we will accept payments in digital assets for our services from customers. We will also pay our creators in digital assets, if requested. 
 We record our digital assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and other , which requires acquired intangible assets to be recorded at cost. Under FASB ASC 350, an entity should determine whether an intangible asset has a finite or indefinite life. FASB ASC 350-30-35-4 states that if no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic, or other factors limit the useful life of an intangible asset to the reporting entity, the useful life of the asset should be considered indefinite. We will record our digital assets as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 We have conducted our transactions using the Coinbase platform in the past, so we use Coinbase to determine what the fair value of our digital assets. We consider Coinbase to be an active market with quoted prices. Based on the fair value level hierarchy, we have determined the market to be observable and Level 1. 
 Purchased digital assets will be initially recorded at cost, including transaction fees. 
 Digital assets may be disposed of through Coinbase. The conversion of digital assets to USD, or other fiat currency, will not be considered ordinary business activities and will follow the guidance within ASC 610-20. Proceeds are not reported as revenue, but the excess over carrying value will be reported as a gain. Digital assets will be subject to impairment testing prior to derecognition, therefore significant losses are not expected upon derecognition. We will use FIFO for tracking our digital assets. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially carried at the value determined in accordance with FASB ASC 350-30-30-1 and are not subject to amortization. Rather, they should be tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events of changes in circumstance indicate it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. When an identical digital asset is bought and sold at a price lower than the entity s current carrying value, this will serve as an indicator that impairment is more likely than not. In determining if an impairment has occurred, we will consider the lowest market price of one unit of digital asset quoted on the active exchange since acquiring the digital asset. Each individual acquisition of digital asset represents a unit of account for impairment testing. If the then current carrying value of our digital assets is more than the fair value, an impairment loss has occurred. We will adjust the carrying value and the loss will be reflected as an operating expense. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenue from four primary sources: (1) Managed Services; (2) Marketplace Spend Fees; (3) License Fees; and (4) Other Fees. 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized based on a five-step model as follows: (i) identify the contract with the customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied. The core principle of ASC 606 is that revenue is recognized when the transfer of promised goods or services to customers is made in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. We apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that it will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and determine those that are distinct performance obligations. We also determine whether it acts as an agent or a principal for each identified performance obligation. For transactions in which we act as a principal, revenue is reported on a gross basis as the amount paid by the marketer for the purchase of content or sponsorship, promotion, and other related services and record the amounts we pay to third-party creators as cost of revenue. For transactions in which we act as an agent, revenue is reported on a net basis as the amount charged to the self-service marketer using our platforms, less the amounts paid to the third-party creators providing the service. 
 We maintain separate arrangements with each marketer and content creator either in the form of a master agreement or terms of service, which specify the terms of the relationship and access to our platforms or by a statement of work, which sets the price and the services to be performed, along with other terms. The transaction price is determined based on the fixed fee stated in the statement of work and does not contain variable consideration. Marketers who contract with us to manage their advertising campaigns or custom content requests may prepay for services or request credit terms, and payment terms are typically 30 days from the invoice date. The agreement typically provides for either a non-refundable deposit or a cancellation fee if the customer cancels the agreement prior to completing the services. Billings in advance of completed services are recorded as a contract liability until earned. We assess collectability based on several factors, including the creditworthiness of the customer and payment and transaction history. 
 Managed Services Revenue 
 For Managed Services Revenue, we agree to provide services that may include multiple distinct performance obligations in the form of (i) an integrated marketing campaign to provide influencer marketing services, which may include the provision of blogs, tweets, photos, or videos shared through social network offerings and content promotion, such as click-through advertisements appearing in websites and social media channels, and (ii) custom content items, such as a research or news article, informational material or videos. Marketers typically purchase influencer marketing services to provide public awareness or advertising buzz regarding the marketer s brand and purchase custom content for internal and external use. We may provide one type or a combination of all types of these performance obligations on a statement of work for a lump sum fee. We allocate revenue to each performance obligation in the contract at inception based on its relative standalone selling price. These performance obligations are to be provided over a stated period that generally ranges from one day to one year. Revenue is accounted for when the performance obligation has been satisfied, depending on the type of service provided. We view our obligation to deliver influencer marketing services, including management services, as a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time as the customer receives the benefits from the services. Revenue is recognized using an input method of costs incurred compared to total expected costs to measure the progress towards satisfying the overall performance obligation of the marketing campaign. The delivery of custom content represents a distinct performance obligation that is satisfied over time when each piece of content is delivered to the customer. Revenue is recognized over time using an output method based on when each piece of content is delivered to the customer. Based on our evaluations, revenue from Managed Services is reported on a gross basis because we have the primary obligation to fulfill the performance obligations, and we create, review, and control the services. We take on the risk of payment to any third-party creators and establish the contract price directly with our customers based on the services requested in the statement of work. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Marketplace Spend Fees Revenue 
 For Marketplace Spend Fees Revenue, the self-service customers instruct creators found through our platforms to provide and/or distribute custom content for an agreed-upon transaction price. Our platforms control the contracting, description of services, acceptance, and payment for the requested content. This service is used primarily by news agencies or marketers to manage the outsourcing of their content and advertising needs. We charge the self-service customer the transaction price plus a fee based on the contract. Revenue is recognized when the transaction is completed by the creator and accepted by the marketer or, if related to influencer marketing services, over the content posting period as verified by the platform. This revenue is reported on a net basis since we are acting as an agent through our platform for the third-party creator to provide the services or content directly to the self-service customer or to post approved content through one or more social media platforms. 
 License Fees Revenue 
 License Fees Revenue is generated by granting limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable access for customers to use our technology platforms for an agreed-upon subscription period. Customers access the platforms to manage their influencer marketing campaigns. Fees for subscription or licensing services are recognized straight-line over the term of the service. 
 Other Fees Revenue 
 Other Fees Revenue is generated when fees are charged to our platform users primarily related to monthly plan fees, inactivity fees, and early cash-out fees. Plan fees are recognized within the month they relate to, inactivity fees are recognized at a point in time when the account is deemed inactive, and early cash-out fees are recognized when a cash-out is either below certain minimum thresholds or when accelerated payout timing is requested. 
 We do not typically engage in contracts longer than one year. Therefore, we do not capitalize costs to obtain its customer contracts as these amounts generally would be recognized over a period of less than one year and are not material. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the award s fair value, and is recognized as an expense over the employee s requisite service period. We estimate the fair value of each stock option as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model. Options typically vest ratably over four years, with one-fourth of options vesting one year from the date of grant and the remaining options vesting monthly, in equal increments over the remaining three-year period and generally having five or ten-year contract lives. We use the simplified method to estimate the expected term of employee stock options. We do not believe historical exercise data will provide a reasonable basis for estimating the expected term for the current share options granted. The simplified method assumes that employees will exercise share options evenly between the period when the share options are vested and ending on the date when the options expire. We use the closing stock price of our common stock on the date of the grant as the associated fair value of our common stock. For issuances after June 30, 2019, we estimate the volatility of our common stock at the date of grant based on the volatility of our stock during the period. For issuances on or before June 30, 2019, we estimated the volatility of our common stock at the date of grant based on the volatility of comparable peer companies that were publicly traded and had a longer trading history than us. We determine the expected life based on historical experience with similar awards, considering the contractual terms, vesting schedules, and post-vesting forfeitures. We use the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent remaining term approximately equal to the expected life of the award. We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We estimate forfeitures when recognizing compensation expense. This estimate of forfeitures is adjusted over the requisite service period based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. Changes in estimated forfeitures are recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment, which is recognized in the period of change, and a revised amount of unamortized compensation expense to be recognized in future periods. 
 The following table shows the number of stock options granted under our 2011 Equity Incentive Plans and the assumptions used to determine the fair value of those options during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 
 Twelve Months Ended Total Options Granted Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Expected Term Weighted Average Volatility Weighted Average Risk-Free Interest Rate Expected Dividends Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted average expected forfeiture rate December 31, 2021 296,569 2.60 6.0 years 120.18 0.98 2.25 11.74 December 31, 2022 125 1.15 5.0 years 120.48 1.70 1.15 37.00 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Total stock-based compensation expense recorded in our consolidated statements of operations for restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, and employee stock purchase plan issuance during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 0.6 million and 0.9 million, respectively. 
 There were outstanding options to purchase 1,665,164 shares with a weighted average exercise price of 2.83 per share, of which options to purchase 1,375,569 shares were exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of 3.06 per share, as of December 31, 2022. The intrinsic value on outstanding options as of December 31, 2022, was 63,325. The intrinsic value on exercisable options as of December 31, 2022, was 48,651. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had unvested restricted stock units representing 1,317,153 shares of common stock with an intrinsic value of 0.7 million and 286 unvested shares of issued restricted stock with an intrinsic value of 155. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1. Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for information on additional recent pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP: Orlando, Florida) 
 PCAOB ID 34 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Grant Thornton LLP) 
 PCAOB ID 248 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

33 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Orlando, Florida 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we were required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We served as the Company's auditor from 2015 to 2021. 

March 31, 2022 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (a Nevada corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Estimated Costs to Complete on Managed Services Revenue Stream 
 As described further in Note 1 to the financial statements, Managed Services Revenue, whereby the Company is providing an integrated marketing campaign service, is recognized using an input method of costs incurred compared to total expected costs to measure the progress towards satisfying the overall performance obligation of the integrated marketing campaign. We identified the estimated costs to complete on the Company s obligation to provide influencer marketing services on Managed Services contracts which have not been completed as of December 31, 2022, as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the estimated costs to complete on Managed Services contracts which have not been completed as of December 31, 2022, is a critical audit matter is that the determination of the total estimated costs and progress toward completion on contracts not completed requires management to make significant estimates primarily related to applicable promotional and creator costs needed to complete contracts. Changes in these estimated costs can have a significant impact on the timing in which revenue is recognized. Auditing such estimates involved especially subjective auditor judgment to determine the reasonableness of management s assumptions and estimates that are used to determine the amount of revenue to recognize. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimation of costs to complete on Managed Services contracts which have not been completed as of December 31, 2022, included the following, among others. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate total costs to complete by performing a retrospective review comparing expected margins to realized margins on all Managed Services Contracts that were open and/or completed during the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Inspected evidence of costs incurred, to ensure completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation of costs incurred compared to total expected costs, on a sample of Managed Services contracts 
 Recomputed the revenue recognized on a sample of Managed Services contracts to ensure mathematical accuracy of the calculation of costs incurred compared to total expected costs 
 Assessed the reasonableness of the estimated costs to complete by inquiring of marketing campaign management team members about the status of completion, including corroboration of project status by verification of project deliverables 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Analysis 
 As described further within Note 1 of the financial statements, goodwill is assessed annually for impairment as of October 1, or more frequently if certain indicators are present. As a result of the annual goodwill impairment valuation, it was determined that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, resulting in no impairment. We identified the valuation as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the goodwill. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the annual goodwill impairment evaluation is a critical matter is that there is significant judgment required in estimating the fair value of the Company. The Company s fair value estimates were sensitive to key assumptions including the projected software development expenditures, projected earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), discount rate, and revenue multiple. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the goodwill impairment analysis included the following, among others: 
 Evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast software development expenditures and EBITDA by (1) comparing projected amounts to prior historical periods and trends, (2) obtaining an understanding of drivers underlying projected amounts, including consideration of industry information and economic trends, and (3) performing an analysis to test sensitivity to changes in forecasts 
 Utilized valuation specialists to assess the Company s methodologies and the appropriateness of the discount rate and selected revenue multiple. Our specialists calculated a range of rates using observable market data and market participant inputs and performed an analysis to test sensitivity to changes in the discount rate and the revenue multiple 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 March 31, 2023 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Short term investments Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Goodwill Intangible assets, net Software development costs, net Long term investments Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Contract liabilities Total current liabilities Finance obligation, less current portion Notes payable, less current portion Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized; 62,413,929 and 62,044,883, respectively, issued, and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Sales and marketing General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) Other income (expense), net Other income (expense), net Net loss ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Basic and diluted loss per common share ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Unrealized gain (loss) on securities held (780,795) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Sale of securities Stock purchase plan option exercise issuances Stock issued for payment of services Stock issuance costs ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares withheld to cover statutory taxes ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Stock purchase plan option exercise issuances Stock issued for payment of services Stock-based compensation Shares withheld to cover statutory taxes ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain/(loss) on securities held ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used for operating activities: (Gain) on the forgiveness of debt ) (Gain) on sale of digital assets ) Impairment of digital assets Depreciation Amortization Stock-based compensation Value of stock issued or to be issued for payment of services (Gain)/Loss on disposal of equipment ) ) Bad debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses ) Contract liabilities ) Net cash used for operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of short term investments ) Proceeds from the sale of short term investments Purchase of long term investments ) Proceeds from the sale of long term investments Purchase of property and equipment, net ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Purchase of digital assets Proceeds from the sale of digital assets ) Increase in software development costs ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stocks Proceeds from exercise of stock options ESPP issuances Payments on notes payable and capital leases ) ) Stock issuance costs ) Payments on shares withheld for statutory taxes ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid Non-cash financing and investing activities: Equipment acquired with financing arrangement Fair value of common stock issued for future services PPP loan forgiveness 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1. 
 43 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

. Deposit balances exceeding this limit were approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 million and contract assets of at December 31, 2022. The Company had net trade receivables of million and contract assets of at December 31, 2021. 
 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. Management believes that this estimate is reasonable, but there can be no assurance that the estimate will not change due to a change in economic conditions or business conditions within the industry, the individual customers, or the Company. Any adjustments to this account are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as a general and administrative expense. The Company did not recognize any bad debt expense for each of the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 customers that accounted for of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and customers that accounted for of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. The Company had customer that accounted for of its revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and customer that accounted for of its revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

years Office Equipment - years 
 Furniture and Fixtures - years 
 
 44 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

reporting unit as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company performs its annual impairment tests of goodwill as of October 1 each year, or more frequently, if certain indicators are present. As described in Note 4, the assessments performed in 2021 and 2022 both concluded that the fair value of our reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, including goodwill. The Company concluded in each year that impairment existed. 
 to months. See Note 4 for further details. 
 The Company accounts for its digital assets held as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. The Company maintains ownership of and control over its digital assets and may use third-party custodial services to secure them. The digital assets are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently evaluated for any impairment losses incurred since acquisition. The Company recognized an impairment of on digital assets held as indefinite-lived intangible assets in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized an impairment of on digital assets held as indefinite-lived intangible assets in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets, including software development costs and other intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If an evaluation is required, the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset are compared with the asset's carrying amount to determine if there has been an impairment, which is calculated as the difference between the fair value of the asset and the carrying value. Estimates of future undiscounted cash flows are based on expected growth rates for the business, anticipated future economic conditions, and estimates of residual values. Fair values take into consideration management estimates of risk-adjusted discount rates, which are believed to be consistent with assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value. The Company did not recognize any impairment charges associated with the Company s acquired intangible assets in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 upon initial release of the software or additional features. The Company reviews the software development costs for impairment when circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an asset group is not recoverable, the Company recognizes an 
 45 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

months. Leases are classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The Company does not record leases on the balance sheet that have a lease term of months or less at the commencement date. 
 days from the invoice date. The agreement typically provides for either a non-refundable deposit or a cancellation fee if the agreement is canceled by the customer prior to completion of services. Billings in advance of completed services are recorded as a contract liability until earned. The Company assesses collectability based on several factors, including the creditworthiness of the customer and payment and transaction history. 
 Managed Services Revenue 
 For Managed Services Revenue, the Company enters into an agreement to provide services that may include multiple distinct performance obligations in the form of (i) an integrated marketing campaign to provide influencer marketing services, which may include the provision of blogs, tweets, photos, or videos shared through social network offerings and content promotion, such as click-through advertisements appearing in websites and social media channels, and (ii) custom content items, such as a research or news article, informational material or videos. Marketers typically purchase influencer marketing services to provide public awareness or advertising buzz regarding the marketer s brand and purchase custom content for internal and external use. 
 The Company views its obligation to deliver influencer marketing services, including management services, as a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time as the customer receives the benefits from the services. Revenue is recognized using an input method of costs incurred compared to total expected costs to measure the progress towards satisfying the overall 
 46 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively. Advertising costs are included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 47 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

years years Weighted average volatility Weighted average risk-free interest rate Expected dividends Weighted average expected forfeiture rate 
 The Company estimates forfeitures when recognizing compensation expense and this estimate of forfeitures is adjusted over the requisite service period based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. Changes in estimated forfeitures are recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment, which is recognized in the period of change, and a revised amount of unamortized compensation expense to be recognized in future periods. 
 The Company may issue shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units that vest over future periods. The value of shares is recorded as the fair value of the stock or units upon the issuance date and is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. See Note 9 for additional information related to these shares. 
 
 48 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 2. 
 
 49 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Level 1 (3) 
 Commercial paper ) Money market funds US Treasury securities ) Subtotal ) Level 2 (4) 
 Asset back securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Subtotal ) Total ) 
 (1) Current Marketable Securities have a holding period under one year. 
 (2) Non-Current Marketable Securities have a holding period over one year. The securities held by IZEA Worldwide, Inc. mature between one and five years. 

The Company records the fair value of cash equivalents and marketable securities on the balance sheet. The adjusted cost, which includes unrealized gains and losses, reflects settlement amounts if all investments are held to maturity. The Company recognized realized gains (net of losses) of for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Realized gains and losses are a component of other income (expense), net. Unrealized gains and losses are a component of other comprehensive income (loss) OCI ). 
 Due in 1 year through 5 years Total 
 ) Government bonds ) Corporate debt securities ) Asset backed securities ) Total ) 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize any significant credit losses and had no ending allowance balance for credit losses. 
 50 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 3. 
 Office equipment Computer equipment Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment recorded in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss was and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 4. 
 Trade names Developed technology Self-service content customers Managed content customers Domains Embedded non-compete provision Total definite-lived intangible assets Digital assets Indefinite Total intangible assets 
 
 Total identifiable intangible assets from the Company s acquisitions and other acquired assets net of accumulated amortization thereon consists of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Ebyline Intangible Assets ZenContent Intangible Assets Domains TapInfluence Intangible Assets Digital Assets Total Less accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 There were impairment charges associated with the Company s identifiable intangible assets, other than digital assets, in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Amortization expense recorded in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss was and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 51 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

in digital assets. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold in digital assets realizing a gain of . Such gains are presented in other income. The Company impaired the value of its digital assets by on December 31, 2021 as the fair market value decreased from the purchase value. The Company did not purchase any digital assets in 2022. The Company impaired the value of its digital assets by in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as the fair market value decreased from its carrying value. The impairment of digital assets is presented as a non-cash operating expense within general and administrative on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair market value of such digital assets held as of December 31, 2022, was . 

The Company performs an annual impairment assessment of goodwill in October each year; a quantitative assessment performed in 2022 and a qualitative assessment in 2021 did not indicate that an impairment existed; therefore, impairment of goodwill has been recorded during these periods. 

NOTE 5. 
 
 Less accumulated amortization ) ) Software development costs, net 
 
 The Company developed its web-based influencer marketing platform, IZEAx, to enable influencer marketing and content creation campaigns on a greater scale. The Company continued to add new features to IZEAx , BrandGraph, and Shake in 2021 . In 2022, the Company developed two new web-based influencer marketing platforms, Flex and Marketplace . These new platforms will replace IZEAx and Shake . IZEAx will be sunset in March of 2023 and Shake was sunset in Q4 of 2022. The Company capitalized software development costs of and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As a result, the Company has capitalized a total of in direct materials, consulting, payroll, and benefit costs to its internal-use software development costs in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company amortizes its software development costs, commencing upon initial release of the software or additional features, on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of five years, which is consistent with the amount of time its legacy platforms were in service, or its actual useful life, if shorter. The Company recorded amortization expense associated with its capitalized software development cost of million and million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 52 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 

NOTE 6. 
 Accrued taxes Current portion of finance obligation Accrued other Total accrued expenses 

NOTE 7. 
 CAD USD as of December 31, 2021), from TD Canada Trust Bank pursuant to a CEBA term loan agreement (the CEBA Loan ). The CEBA Loan has an initial term from inception through December 31, 2022 (the Initial Term and an extended-term from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025 (the Extended Term ). interest is accrued, and payments are due on the loan during the Initial Term. On October 21, 2022, the Company received notification from the Government of Canada that a determination had been made that the business did not meet the eligibility criteria for loan forgiveness. The loan was paid in the full amount of CAD on November 21, 2022. 
 Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan 
 On April 23, 2020, the Company received a loan from Western Alliance Bank (the Lender in the principal amount of , under the PPP evidenced by a promissory note issued by the Company (the Note to the Lender. The term of the Note was two years and carried a fixed interest rate of one percent per year. Certain amounts received under the PPP Loan were able to be forgiven if the loan proceeds are used for eligible purposes. On June 18, 2021, the Company was notified by the Lender that the loan had been forgiven by the SBA in full, including accrued interest. The principal amount of and accrued interest of , totaling , was recorded as a gain on forgiveness of debt in other income, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 Finance Obligation 
 The Company pays for its laptop computer equipment through long-term payment plans, using an imputed interest rate of , based on its incremental borrowing rate, to determine the present value of its financial obligation and to record interest expense over the term of the plan. The Company refreshed a portion of its computer inventory during the fourth quarter of 2022, entering a new three-year payment plan with the same vendor. The total balance owed was and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, with the short-term portion of and recorded under accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 53 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

in interest cost associated with facility set-up cost amortization. amounts were outstanding under this secured credit facility as of December 31, 2021, and there are remaining capitalized loan costs related to the secured credit facility as of December 31, 2021. 
 Summary 
 Interest expense on financing arrangements recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of operations was and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 Total 

NOTE 8. 
 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Cash paid for the operating lease totaled during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 Retirement Plans 
 The Company offers a 401(k) plan to all of its eligible employees. The Company matches participant contributions in an amount equal to of each participant s contribution up to of the participant s salary. The participants become vested in annual increments after two years of service, or fully vest upon the age of 60. 
 
 Sales and marketing General and administrative Total contribution expense 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company may become involved in various other lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Litigation is, however, subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in any such litigation that may arise from time to time that may harm the Company s business. The Company is currently not aware of any legal proceedings or claims that it believes would or could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Company. Regardless of the outcome, however, any such proceedings or claims may nonetheless impose a significant burden on management and employees and may come with costly defense costs or unfavorable preliminary interim rulings. 
 
 54 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 9. 
 authorized shares of common stock and authorized shares of preferred stock, each with a par value of per share. 
 Sale of Securities 
 On June 4, 2020 and January 25, 2021, the Company entered into an ATM Sales Agreements with National Securities Corporation, as sales agent National Securities ), pursuant to which the Company could offer and sell shares of the Company's common stock through National Securities, by any method deemed to be an at the market offering under Rule 415 of the Securities Act (the ATM Offering ). 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares at an average price of per share for total gross proceeds of million. The June 2020 and January 2021 Sales Agreement were each terminated following the sale of all shares of common stock available to be sold thereunder. 
 On June 21, 2021, the Company entered into a third ATM Sales Agreement (the June 2021 Sales Agreement with National Securities, as sales agent, pursuant to which the Company could offer and sell, from time to time, through National Securities, up to million shares of the Company s common stock. The June 2021 Sales Agreement was terminated on September 6, 2022; no shares were sold under this agreement. 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 In May 2011, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (as amended, the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan ). The Company s stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan at the Company s 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on December 18, 2020, to allow the Company to award restricted stock, restricted stock units, and stock options covering up to shares of common stock as incentive compensation for its employees and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had remaining shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to future grants under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 In August 2011, the Company adopted the 2011 B Equity Incentive Plan (the August 2011 Plan reserving shares of common stock for issuance under the August 2011 Plan. The August 2011 Plan expired in 2021 and no new grants may be made thereunder. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Under the 2011 Plan, the Board determines the terms and conditions of each restricted stock issuance, including any future vesting restrictions. 
 In 2021, the Company issued its independent directors a total of shares of restricted common stock initially valued at for their annual service as directors of the Company. The stock vested in equal monthly installments from January through December 2021. A new board member started on February 9, 2021 and the annual stock compensation was pro-rated. 
 In 2022, the Company issued its independent directors a total of shares of restricted common stock initially valued at for their annual service as directors of the Company. The stock vested in equal monthly installments from January through December 2022. 
 55 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Granted Vested ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 Although restricted stock is issued upon the grant of an award, the Company excludes restricted stock from the computations within the financial statements of total shares outstanding and basic earnings per share until such time as the restricted stock vests. 
 Expense recognized on restricted stock issued to directors for services was and during twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Expense recognized on restricted stock issued to employees was and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 On December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s common stock was approximately per share and the intrinsic value on the non-vested restricted stock was . Future compensation expense related to issued, but non-vested, restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022, is . This value is estimated to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of approximately three months. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Board determines the terms and conditions of each restricted stock unit award issued under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of restricted stock units initially valued at to non-executive employees as additional incentive compensation. The restricted stock units vest between and months from issuance. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued Mr. Murphy restricted stock units valued at for incentive compensation under the terms of his amended employment agreement. The restricted stock units vest between and months from issuance. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued Mr. Biere restricted stock units initially valued at for incentive compensation under the terms of his employment agreement. The restricted stock units vest over months from issuance. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued Mr. Schram restricted stock units initially valued at for incentive compensation under the terms of his amended employment agreement. The restricted stock vests between and months from issuance. 
 56 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 Expense recognized on restricted stock units issued to employees was and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. On December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s common stock was approximately per share and the intrinsic value on the non-vested restricted units was . Future compensation related to the non-vested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022, is and it is estimated to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 
 Stock Options 
 Under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, the Board determines the exercise price to be paid for the stock option shares, the period within which each stock option may be exercised, and the terms and conditions of each stock option. The exercise price of incentive and non-qualified stock options may not be less than of the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock on the grant date. If an individual owns stock representing more than of the outstanding shares, the exercise price of each share of an incentive stock option must be equal to or exceed of fair market value. Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, the exercise price is set at the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date (or the last trading day prior to the grant date, if it is awarded on a non-trading day). Additionally, the term is set at ten years and the option typically vests on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period as follows: one year from the date of grant with the remaining vesting monthly in equal increments over the following three years. The Company issues new shares for any stock awards or options exercised under its 2011 Equity Incentive Plans. 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 57 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

options were exercised for gross proceeds of . The intrinsic value of the exercised options was . During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, options were exercised for gross proceeds of . The intrinsic value of the exercised options was . The fair value of the Company's common stock on December 31, 2022, was approximately per share, and the intrinsic value on outstanding options as of December 31, 2022, was . The intrinsic value of the exercisable options as of December 31, 2022, was . 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 There were outstanding options to purchase shares with a weighted average exercise price of per share, of which options to purchase shares were exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of per share as of December 31, 2022. 
 Expense recognized on stock options issued to employees during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. Future compensation related to non-vested awards as of December 31, 2022, is , and it is estimated to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 
 years December 31, 2022 years 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The amended and restated IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP provides for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s common stock to employees regularly employed by the Company for days or more on a full-time or part-time basis hours or more per week on a regular schedule). The ESPP operates in successive six -month periods commencing at the beginning of each fiscal year half. Each eligible employee who elects to participate may purchase up to of their annual compensation in common stock not to exceed annually or shares per offering period. The purchase price will be the lower of (i) of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first day of the offering period or (ii) of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the last day of the offering period. The ESPP will continue until January 1, 2024, unless otherwise terminated by the Board. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, employees paid to purchase shares of common stock and to purchase shares of common stock, respectively. The stock compensation expense on ESPP Options was and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had remaining shares of common stock available for future issuances under the ESPP. 
 58 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 

NOTE 10. 
 ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted Basic and diluted loss per common share ) ) 
 
 Restricted stock units Restricted stock Total excluded shares 

NOTE 11. 

59 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Marketplace Spend Fees License Fees Other Fees SaaS Services Revenue Total Revenue 
 
 Managed Services revenue is comprised of two types of revenue, Sponsored Social and Content. Sponsored Social revenue, which totaled million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, is recognized over time. Content revenue, which totaled million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, is recognized at a point in time. 
 
 The following table provides the Company s revenues as determined by the country of domicile: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 United States Canada Total 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract liabilities (unearned revenue) 
 The Company does not typically engage in contracts that are longer than one year. Therefore, the Company will recognize substantially all of the contract liabilities recorded at the end of the year in the following year. The contract liability balance as of December 31, 2021 was . Of that balance, million was carried to revenue during 2022. The majority of the carryover from the prior year is related to one large prepaid customer account and a few smaller accounts that needed to be pushed out. The Company expects to recognize the associated revenue in 2022. The accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2021 was . of the outstanding receivables balance from the prior year is still outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The carryforward receivables balance is fully reserved as of December 31, 2022. 
 Contract receivables are recognized when the receipt of consideration is unconditional. Contract liabilities relate to the consideration received from customers in advance of the Company satisfying performance obligations under the terms of the contracts, which will be earned in future periods. Contract liabilities increase as a result of receiving new advance payments from customers and decrease as revenue is recognized upon the Company meeting the performance obligations. As a practical expedient, the Company expenses the costs of sales commissions that are paid to its sales force associated with obtaining contracts less than year in length in the period incurred. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The Company typically enters into contracts that are one year or less in length. As such, the remaining performance obligations at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, are equal to the contract liabilities disclosed above. The Company expects to recognize the full balance of the unearned revenue on December 31, 2022, within the next year. 
 
 60 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 12. 

Accrued expenses Stock option and warrant expenses Accounts receivable Other ) Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed and tangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance Deferred state taxes ) ) Non-deductible expenses: ISO Restricted stock compensation ) Change in state deferred rate ) PPP loan forgiveness ) Other ) Income taxes at effective rates 
 
 The Company has incurred net losses for tax purposes every year since its inception. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes and million in net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes, which in the aggregate expire in various amounts between the years of and . The Company's ability to deduct its historical net operating losses may be limited in the future due to IRC Section 382 as a result of the substantial issuances of common stock in 2012 through 2021. Certain of the Company's net operating losses acquired in connection with the Ebyline, ZenContent, and TapInfluence acquisitions also may be limited by IRC Section 382. The change in the valuation allowance for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was an increase of million resulting primarily from net operating losses generated during the period. The change in the valuation allowance for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, was an increase of million, resulting primarily from net operating losses generated during the period. The Company has deemed any foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested. 
 61 

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 13. 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that the Company files under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Furthermore, controls and procedures could be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, an 
 evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management including our principal executive 
 officer and principal financial officer to determine the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by its Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: 
 i. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions; 
 ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for the preparation of the Company s financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and 
 iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of any unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect financial statement misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of internal control effectiveness to future periods are subject to the 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
 Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Our assessment included reviewing and testing additional control procedures designed to remediate a material weakness identified in 2021 related to our recognition of liabilities and associated costs related to the Company s Managed Services within its IZEAx platform. Based upon strengthened control procedures and independent validation thereof, we consider this material weakness to be remediated as of December 31, 2022. Based on our assessments, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Pursuant to the rules of the SEC, management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting is not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm and we are not required to provide an attestation report. Accordingly, Grant Thornton, LLP has not issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company utilized the new Enterprise Resource Planning 
 ERP system to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data 
 management, and provide timely information to senior leadership. The Company engaged an independent third-party technical accounting expert to assist management with the review and evaluation of our processes and pertinent controls. We also implemented additional controls over liability and cost recognition procedures in our Managed Services. Other than as described above, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 1M Share Repurchase Authorization 
 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to establish a share repurchase program for up to 1.0 million shares of the Company's common stock. The Company may repurchase shares of common stock from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The timing and total amount of stock repurchases will depend upon business, economic and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, and other considerations. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate the company to acquire any amount of common stock. 

ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 The names and ages of the Company s executive officers and directors, and their positions with us, are as follows: 
 Name Age Position Edward H. (Ted) Murphy 46 Founder, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer Ryan S. Schram 42 President, Chief Operating Officer, and Director Peter J. Biere 66 Chief Financial Officer Brian W. Brady 64 Director, Nominating Committee Chair John H. Caron 65 Director Lindsay A. Gardner 62 Director Daniel R. Rua 53 Director, Compensation Committee Chair Patrick J. Venetucci 54 Director, Audit Committee Chair 
 Executive Officers 
 Edward H. (Ted) Murphy, Founder, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer , founded IZEA in February 2006 as part of MindComet Corp., an interactive advertising agency that he started in 1999 and served as Chief Executive Officer. IZEA was later spun out of MindComet in September 2006 and Mr. Murphy has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of IZEA since such time. Mr. Murphy is a serial entrepreneur who is recognized as a pioneer in paid blogging and a catalyst behind the social sponsorship industry. As the Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Murphy leads IZEA, both with his day-to-day operational leadership and with his strategic vision for IZEA and its products. Mr. Murphy attended Florida State University before starting MindComet and several other earlier Internet-related businesses. Mr. Murphy brings to the Board extensive knowledge of the social sponsorship industry and a deep background in social media, mobile technology, and e-commerce, as well as significant experience in financing technology growth companies. 
 Ryan S. Schram, President, Chief Operating Officer, and Director , joined the Company in September 2011 as a senior executive leading the Company s operations, client development, corporate strategy, customer success, marketing communications, and talent acquisition/retention efforts and was named President in January 2021. Prior to joining us, from 2005 to 2011, Mr. Schram served in various leadership roles, most recently as Group Vice President, at the leading engagement marketing company, Hello World (previously ePrize). Earlier in his career, Mr. Schram held roles of increasing responsibility at CBS/Westwood One and Clear Channel Interactive (now iHeartMedia). Mr. Schram holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Management from the Eli Broad College of Business at Michigan State University. Mr. Schram joined the Company s Board in October 2012 and brings substantial knowledge and working experience in marketing services and client development within rapidly evolving industries. 
 Peter J. Biere, Chief Financial Officer, joined us in April 2021 as a senior executive responsible for IZEA s finance and accounting operations as well as guiding the Company s broader fiscal strategy. Mr. Biere previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of BSQUARE (NASDAQ: BSQR), a technology provider of intelligent devices and software systems serving a global customer base with software and engineering services, from 2017 to 2019. Prior to BSQUARE, he served as Chief Financial Officer for Dreambox Learning from 2012 to 2016, a venture-backed EdTech SaaS provider. Earlier in his career, Mr. Biere served as the Chief Financial Officer of Lumera, a publicly-traded R D stage nanotechnology developer of electro-optic modulators, from 2004 to 2009. He also served as Chief Financial Officer of Zones.com from 1993 to 1999, where he co-led the IPO and was part of the leadership team that grew revenue from 70 million to 500 million. Mr. Biere received a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Iowa. He earned his CPA license in 1983 in the State of Texas (inactive). 
 Directors 
 Brian W. Brady, Director, Nominating Committee Chairman , joined the Company s Board in August 2012. From 1995 to December 2019, Mr. Brady was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Northwest Broadcasting, Inc., and Chairman of Bryson Holdings LLC. Collectively, these companies owned and operated 15 television stations in nine markets. Mr. Brady currently serves on the board of Duration Media, a proprietary digital ad impression technology product, Syncbak, a privately held technology company, Terrier Media, and Sparx Technology, Inc. (formerly iPowow USA, Inc.). Mr. Brady is also one of three senior advisors for Manhattan West Asset Management, an independent wealth management and high net 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 worth financial advisory firm. Mr. Brady previously served on the FOX Affiliate Board for nine years, serving as Chairman for four of those years. He also previously served on the board of the National Association of Broadcasting (8 years), Saga Communication (9 years) and the Ferris State College Foundation Board (7 years). Mr. Brady holds a Bachelor of Science degree in advertising from Ferris State University. Mr. Brady brings to the Company s Board more than 25 years of experience in the multi-media industry, making his input invaluable to us as we expand our portfolio of customers and platform offerings. 
 John H. Caron, Director , joined the Company s Board in April 2015. Mr. Caron has 30+ years of marketing experience in the consumer-packaged goods and restaurant industries. Since May 2017, Mr. Caron has served as Vice President and a director of Entrepreneurs in Action, Inc., a Florida benefit corporation, which, among other things, will be the Manager of one or more funds to invest in early-stage and start-up social enterprises. Mr. Caron has also served as an independent director on the board of Tijuana Flats since November 2015 and currently serves as its Chairman, sits on the board of Thrive Frozen Nutrition, Inc. since April 2014, and previously served on the board of venVelo, a Central Florida early-stage venture fund, since May 2013. Prior to joining the Company s Board, Mr. Caron was a member of the Company s Strategic Advisory Board since June 2013. Mr. Caron served as the President of Olive Garden at Darden Restaurants Inc. from May 2011 to January 2013, Darden s Chief Marketing Officer from March 2010 to May 2011 and Darden s Executive Vice President of Marketing for Olive Garden from 2003 to 2010. Before joining Darden Restaurants, Mr. Caron served as Vice President and General Manager of Lipton Beverages for Unilever Bestfoods North America from 2000 to 2002. Mr. Caron received a Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science from The Colorado College and a Master s degree in American Politics from New York University Department of Politics. Mr. Caron also earned a Master s in Business Administration in Marketing from New York University Stern School of Business. Mr. Caron s decades of experience in leading and managing marketing and branding operations in highly competitive industries position him well to serve on the Company s Board. 
 Lindsay A. Gardner, Director , joined the Company s Board in December 2013. Mr. Gardner has 30 years of executive management and leadership experience at companies ranging from technology startups to the world s largest media and entertainment companies. Mr. Gardner is Director and Interim CEO of Soofa, an outdoor advertising and smart city communication platform, operating its innovative solar-powered digital kiosks in 17 states. Until August 2020, Mr. Gardner served as Senior Vice President and Chief Content Officer of T-Mobile, the nation s third-largest wireless company, where he spearheaded the company s entry into video. Previously, he was the Chief Content Officer of Layer3TV, the first new cable operator to launch in the U.S. in a decade. Mr. Gardner joined Layer3TV in January 2015 and led its commercial launch and subsequent sale to T-Mobile. Prior to that, Mr. Gardner was a Senior Advisor to Oaktree Capital Management, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm with 100 billion under management where, beginning in May 2010, he focused on global buyout opportunities in the media sector. From 1999 until mid-2007, Mr. Gardner was Fox Networks President, Distribution. Mr. Gardner received an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Brandeis University. Mr. Gardner was elected to serve as a member of the Board due to his significant experience in the media, technology, and entertainment industries, as both an executive and a private equity investor. 
 Daniel R. Rua, Director, Compensation Committee Chairman , rejoined the Company s Board in July 2012. Since November 2015, Mr. Rua has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Admiral, a private SaaS company that provides visitor relationship management and marketing automation for digital publishers. From September 2006 to May 2011, Mr. Rua served as the Executive Chairman and an early investor in the Company s predecessor entity IZEA Innovations, Inc. Mr. Rua has been a Managing Partner of Inflexion Partners, an early-stage venture capital fund since January 2002. Prior to Inflexion, Mr. Rua was a Partner with Draper Atlantic, the east coast fund of Silicon Valley s early-stage venture firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson, from 1999 to 2002. Prior to Draper Atlantic, Mr. Rua led Internet protocol development at IBM s Networking Labs in the Research Triangle, from 1991 to 1999. Mr. Rua is a former director of InphoMatch (acquired by Sybase) and AuctionRover (acquired by Overture/Yahoo). Mr. Rua holds a Bachelor of Science degree in computer engineering from the University of Florida. He also earned a Juris Doctor from the University of North Carolina School of Law and a Master s in Business Administration from the Kenan-Flagler Business School of the University of North Carolina. Mr. Rua s extensive knowledge of the Company s products and services as a director and early investor in the Company s predecessor, as well as his many years of experience in venture capital investing and operational leadership of other technology growth companies, position him well to serve on the Company s Board. 
 Patrick J. Venetucci, Director , Audit Committee Chairman , joined the Company s Board in December 2018. Since 2018, Mr. Venetucci has served as Chief Executive Officer of MERGE, a private equity-backed company that merges creative, technology and media solutions for clients in the health, financial services, and consumer industries. From 2016 to 2018, Mr. Venetucci was the President of USA Operations and Integration for Dentsu Aegis Network, one of the largest holding companies in the advertising industry. In 2013, Mr. Venetucci founded the MobileAngelo Group, a technology investment and consulting firm, where he initiated a global mobile roll-up capitalized by private equity and other ventures in technology that enable digital transformation and served as its Chief Executive Officer until 2016. From 1990 to 2013, Mr. Venetucci worked for Leo Burnett Worldwide, a global advertising network, serving as its President of Global Operations from 2009 to 2013. In this capacity, he was responsible for growing large global accounts and leading global corporate functions such as corporate strategy, Mergers and Acquisitions, enterprise technology, internal audit, procurement, and production. Before this, Mr. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Venetucci was Leo Burnett s Global Head of Human Resources, where he chaired the executive compensation committee. Earlier in his career at Leo Burnett, he spent over a decade developing fully integrated marketing campaigns for several Fortune 500 clients, and worked at Leo Burnett Tokyo for three years, where he started the company s first digital marketing service. Mr. Venetucci has served as an advisor to several innovative public and private technology companies, including Solstice Mobile, Signal, ParqEx, and Quiver, as well as to private equity firms. Mr. Venetucci has a Master s in Business Administration in Finance and in Marketing and Entrepreneurship from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in Communications Studies from the University of Iowa. Mr. Venetucci s extensive knowledge of the advertising industry, as well as knowledge of financial and operational issues, positions him well to serve on the Company s Board. 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 To the Company s knowledge, during the past ten years, none of its directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has been: 
 the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years before to that time; 
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending, or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activities; or 
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of its outstanding common stock to file initial reports of ownership with respect to the Company s equity securities and reports of changes in such ownership with the SEC. SEC regulations require such persons to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon the Company s review of the copies of the reports that it received and written representations that no other reports were required, the Company identified at least one report for each of the executive officers that was filed late due to administrative error. Each of the delinquent reports were for the issuance or vesting of restricted stock units per each officer s compensation agreement. 
 Officer Name(s) Reporting Date Filing Date Section 16(a) Report Edward Murphy, Ryan Schram, and Peter Biere 4/1/22 4/11/22 Form 4 Edward Murphy, Ryan Schram, and Peter Biere 6/30/22 7/6/22 Form 4 Edward Murphy, Ryan Schram, and Peter Biere 08/16/22 11/21/22 Form 4 Edward Murphy and Ryan Schram 10/31/22 11/3/22 Form 4 Peter Biere 10/31/22 11/4/22 Form 4 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the members of the Company s Compensation Committee were Lindsay A. Gardner, Daniel R. Rua, and Patrick J. Venetucci with Mr. Rua serving as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. None of the directors who served on the Compensation Committee in 2022 served as one of the Company s employees in 2022 or has ever served as one of its officers. During 2022, none of the Company s executive officers served as a director or member of a compensation committee (or other committee performing similar functions) of any other entity of which an executive officer served on its Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 
 Board Committees 
 The Company s Board has three active standing committees to assist with its responsibilities. Committee descriptions and charters are available on the Company s website at https://izea.com. Neither the Company s website nor its contents are incorporated into this Annual Report. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Audit Committee . The Audit Committee s duties are to recommend to the Board the engagement of independent auditors to audit the Company s financial statements and to review its accounting policies and financial statements. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the scope and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the Company s independent public accountants, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The Audit Committee will at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Board, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Audit Committee is comprised of three non-employee directors: John H. Caron, Daniel R. Rua, and Patrick J. Venetucci. Mr. Venetucci serves as the audit committee chairperson and is designated as the audit committee financial expert based on his experience as an executive officer of multiple international companies, service on a compensation committee, and graduate degree in finance. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are independent as that term is currently defined in the Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15) and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Audit Committee met telephonically seven times during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Compensation Committee . The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the Company s compensation policies, including executive officers. The Compensation Committee also reviews and administers the Company s equity incentive compensation plans and recommends and approves grants of stock options or other awards under that plan. 
 The Compensation Committee is comprised of three non-employee directors, Lindsay A. Gardner, Daniel R. Rua, and Patrick J. Venetucci. The Board has determined that all members of the Compensation Committee are independent as that term is currently defined in the Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15) and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Mr. Rua serves as the chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee met eight times telephonically during the year ended December 31, 2022, in addition to performing multiple actions through written consents. 
 Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee . The purpose of the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee is to select or recommend for the Company s Board s selection, the individuals to stand for election as directors at the annual meeting of stockholders and to oversee the selection and composition of committees of its Board. The Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee s duties also include considering the adequacy of the Company s corporate governance and overseeing and approving management continuity planning processes. The Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of all of the Board s non-employee directors: Brian W. Brady, John H. Caron, Lindsay A. Gardner, Daniel R. Rua, and Patrick J. Venetucci. Mr. Brady serves as the chairman of the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee met one time during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 While the Company does not have a formal diversity policy for Board membership, the Board does seek to ensure that its membership consists of sufficiently diverse backgrounds, meaning a mix of backgrounds and experiences that will enhance the quality of the Board s deliberations and decisions. In considering candidates for the Board, the independent directors consider, among other factors, diversity with respect to viewpoints, skills, experience, and other demographics. 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 Mr. Murphy has been the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since 2006 when he founded IZEA. The Company believes that having one person, particularly Mr. Murphy with his deep industry and executive management experience, his extensive knowledge of the operations of IZEA, and his history of innovation and strategic thinking, serving as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is the best leadership structure for IZEA because it demonstrates to employees, customers, and stockholders that the Company is under strong leadership. Mr. Schram has been the Company s Chief Operating Officer since 2011 and was named President in January 2021. This continuity and small base of individuals setting the tone and having primary responsibility for managing the Company s operations provides unity of leadership and promotes strategy development and execution, timely decision-making, and effective management of company resources. The Company believes that it has been well-served by this structure. 
 Five of the Company s seven directors are independent within the meaning of SEC and Nasdaq rules. In addition, all of the directors on each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee are independent and each of these committees is led by an independent committee chair. The committee chairs set the agendas for their committees and report to the full Board on their work. Mr. Brady serves as the lead independent director of the board of directors and as required by Nasdaq, the Company s independent directors meet in executive session without management present as frequently as they deem appropriate, typically at the time of each regular Board meeting. All of the independent directors are highly accomplished and experienced professionals in their respective fields, who have demonstrated leadership in significant enterprises and are familiar with board processes. The Company s independent directors bring experience, oversight, and expertise from outside the company and industry, while Messrs. Murphy and Schram bring company-specific experience and expertise. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Board Role in Risk Oversight 
 While the Board is responsible for overseeing the Company s risk management, the Board has delegated many of these functions to the Audit Committee. Under its charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for discussing with management and the independent auditors the Company s major financial risk exposures, the guidelines, and policies by which risk assessment and management are undertaken, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control risk exposure. In addition to the Audit Committee s work in overseeing risk management, the full Board regularly engages in discussions of the most significant risks that the Company is facing and how those risks are being managed, and the Board receives reports on risk management from its senior officers and the chair of the Audit Committee. In addition, Mr. Murphy s extensive knowledge of IZEA uniquely qualifies him to lead the Board in assessing risks. The Board believes that the work is undertaken by the Audit Committee, the full Board, and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, enables the Board to effectively oversee the Company s risk management function. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of its directors, officers (including its chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, and any person performing similar functions), and employees. The Company has made its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics available on its website at https://izea.com. Amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or any grant of a waiver from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requiring disclosure under applicable SEC rules will also be disclosed on the Company s website. 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth the cash compensation, as well as certain other compensation earned during the last two fiscal years, for (i) each person who served as the Company s principal executive officer PEO during the year ended December 31, 2022; (ii) the two other most highly compensated executive officers other than the PEO who were serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2022; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to the foregoing clause (ii) but for the fact that such individuals were not serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2022 (collectively referred to as the Named Executive Officers ): 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary Stock Awards Option Awards (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (2) 
 All Other Comp (3) 
 Total Edward H. (Ted) Murphy (4) 
 2022 316,461 305,493 92,147 814 714,915 Chief Executive Officer 2021 310,278 394,000 361,646 90,894 814 1,157,632 Ryan S. Schram (5) 
 2022 305,769 46,151 312,876 371 665,167 President, Chief Operating Officer 2021 298,971 51,980 301,232 356 652,539 Peter J. Biere (6) 
 2022 248,558 78,597 39,135 366,290 Chief Financial Officer 2021 204,808 14,735 81,227 38,730 339,500 
 
 (1) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options issued during the year as calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information, including valuation assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the awards. 
 (2) Cash bonus amounts paid in 2022 and 2021 consisted of incentive compensation payable pursuant to each individual s employment agreement are reported in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table. 
 (3) Represents insurance premiums paid by IZEA with respect to life insurance for the benefit of the Named Executive Officer. 
 (4) For the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Murphy was awarded cash bonuses totaling 90,894, restricted stock units valued at 394,000, and stock options with a fair value of 361,646 pursuant to quarterly and annual performance bonus awards granted in his employment agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Murphy was awarded cash bonuses totaling 92,147 and restricted stock units valued at 305,493 pursuant to quarterly and annual performance bonus awards granted in his employment agreement. See Employment Agreements below for details on Mr. Murphy's total compensation plan. 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Schram was awarded cash bonuses totaling 301,232 and stock options with a fair value of 51,980 pursuant to quarterly and annual performance bonus awards granted in his employment agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Schram was awarded cash bonuses totaling 312,876 and restricted stock units valued at 46,151 pursuant to quarterly and annual performance bonus awards granted in his employment agreement. See Employment Agreements below for details on Mr. Schram's total compensation plan. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 (6) Mr. Biere was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Biere was awarded cash bonuses totaling 38,730, restricted stock units valued at 14,735, and stock options with a fair value of 81,227 pursuant to quarterly and annual performance bonus awards granted in his employment agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Biere was awarded cash bonuses totaling 39,135 and restricted stock units valued at 78,597 pursuant to quarterly and annual performance bonus awards granted in his employment agreement. See Employment Agreements below for details on Mr. Biere's total compensation plan. 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 Listed below is information with respect to unexercised options and equity incentive awards held by each Named Executive Officer as of December 31, 2022 pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plans: 
 
 Option Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options: Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options: Unexercisable Option Exercise Price (1) 
 Option Expiration Date Edward H. (Ted) Murphy 25,000 5.00 3/1/2023 Chief Executive Officer 9,384 5.00 3/1/2023 219,949 5.00 8/15/2023 40,000 5.20 12/26/2024 7,300 7.80 4/1/2025 3,108 8.40 7/1/2025 3,307 8.00 10/1/2025 37,388 7.80 11/30/2025 8,297 6.91 3/30/2026 5,539 5.75 5/16/2026 8,058 7.22 8/16/2026 6,299 4.72 11/17/2026 40,000 4.75 11/30/2026 14,249 4.20 3/31/2027 11,887 2.75 5/12/2027 28,113 1.95 8/14/2027 40,000 4.65 11/30/2027 7,620 1.34 6/5/2028 13,779 1.10 8/16/2028 8,601 1.46 11/16/2028 40,000 1.33 11/30/2028 9,394 0.65 5/14/2029 200,000 12,500 (4) 1.06 4/23/2029 13,543 0.42 8/14/2029 200,000 29,166 (3) 0.31 8/27/2029 22,922 16,668 (4) 0.17 4/1/2030 187,000 74,021 (3) 1.26 8/27/2030 19,932 8,305 (3) 3.85 4/1/2031 13,254 5,891 (2) 2.96 5/18/2031 20,665 10,907 (2) 1.89 8/17/2031 101,481 65,543 (3) 2.28 8/27/2031 13,249 8,097 (2) 2.41 11/16/2031 Ryan S. Schram 5,000 5.00 3/1/2023 President, Chief Operating Officer 3,750 5.00 3/1/2023 6,667 5.60 1/1/2025 1,217 7.80 4/1/2025 511 8.40 7/1/2025 560 8.00 10/1/2025 6,355 7.60 1/1/2026 1,383 6.91 3/30/2026 923 5.75 5/16/2026 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 1,343 7.22 8/16/2026 1,050 4.72 11/17/2026 6,667 4.51 1/1/2027 2,375 4.20 3/31/2027 2,412 2.75 5/12/2027 4,255 1.95 8/14/2027 6,667 4.52 1/1/2028 2,802 1.34 6/5/2028 3,241 1.10 8/16/2028 624 1.46 11/16/2028 6,667 0.98 1/1/2029 6,509 678 (2) 0.65 5/14/2029 9,569 1,595 (2) 0.42 8/14/2029 6,667 1,668 (3) 0.24 1/1/2030 6,667 2,085 (2) 0.17 3/31/2030 16,155 8,088 (3) 1.82 1/1/2031 3,334 1,876 (3) 3.85 4/1/2031 2,209 2.96 5/18/2031 3,444 1.89 8/17/2031 2,208 2.41 11/16/2031 Peter J. Biere 20,000 11,250 (3) 3.85 4/1/2031 Chief Financial Officer 4,960 2,756 (2) 1.89 8/17/2031 3,179 2,031 (2) 2.41 11/16/2031 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the option exercise price represents the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant or the closing price of its common stock on the last trading day prior to the grant date if the grant date falls on a non-trading day. Each of these grants has a ten-year term, indicating that the grant date was 10 years prior to the indicated Option Expiration Date. 
 (2) Represents the unvested portion of annual or quarterly bonus awards granted in accordance with the officer s employment agreement based on achievement of certain key performance indicators set at the beginning of each year, vesting in equal monthly installments over four years subsequent to the grant date. 
 (3) Represents the unvested portion of annual stock options granted pursuant to an employment agreement and vesting in equal monthly installments over four years subsequent to the grant date. 
 (4) Represents the unvested portion of annual or quarterly bonus awards granted in accordance with the officer s employment agreement based on achievement of certain key performance indicators set at the beginning of each year, vesting in equal monthly installments over three years subsequent to the grant date. 
 Listed below is information with respect to unvested shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units held by each Named Executive Officer as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plans: 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Awards Name Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market Value or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested Edward H. (Ted) Murphy (1) 37,671 12,055 Chief Executive Officer (2) 5,460 845 (2) 1,656 1,010 (2) 3,122 3,528 (2) 7,420 6,777 (3) 29,552 48,761 (3) 11,406 12,204 (3) 23,965 24,205 (3) 179,165 160,657 (3) 26,626 17,712 Ryan S. Schram (4) 21,252 5,936 Chief Operating Officer (4) 9,765 1,511 (4) 1,120 683 (4) 1,083 1,224 (4) 2,046 1,869 (5) 13,993 18,751 (6) 1,642 2,709 (6) 854 914 (6) 2,994 3,024 (6) 4,184 2,783 Peter J. Biere (7) 2,501 4,727 Chief Financial Officer (7) 1,835 4,422 (8) 15,152 25,000 (9) 10,857 17,914 (9) 6,148 6,578 (9) 11,864 11,983 (9) 13,146 8,745 
 
 (1) All restricted stock units convert to an equal number of stock shares upon vesting. On August 29, 2019, the Company issued 258,312 restricted stock units for Mr. Murphy s 2019 stock bonus award under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 82,660 and vests in equal monthly installments over 48 months. 
 (2) On April 3, 2020, May 31, 2020, August 31, 2020, and November 30, 2020, the Company issued 65,531, 14,918, 16,072, and 26,707 restricted stock units, respectively, for Mr. Murphy s 2019 annual stock bonus award and his 2020 quarterly stock bonus awards under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 10,138, 9,097, 18,161, and 24,394 and vests in equal monthly installments over 36 months after issuance. 
 (3) On April 1, 2022, May 19, 2022, August 16, 2022, and November 18, 2022, the Company issued 39,403, 14,665, 29,959, and 27,387 restricted stock units, respectively, for Mr. Murphy s 2022 quarterly stock bonus awards under his employment agreement. On August 27, 2022, the Company issued 200,000 restricted stock units initially valued at 179,340 for Mr. Murphy s 2022 annual stock bonus. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Murphy has 326,043 restricted stock units that are unvested with a total market value of 287,754 based on the closing stock price of 0.54 on December 31, 2022. 
 (4) All restricted stock units convert to an equal number of common stock shares upon vesting. On January 3, 2020, April 3, 2020, May 31, 2020, August 31, 2020, and November 30, 2020, the Company issued 84,994, 31,271, 3,347, 2,730, and 4,476 restricted stock units for Mr. Schram s 2020 quarterly stock bonus award and annual stock bonus award under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 23,739, 4,838, 2,041, 3,085, and 4,088 and vests in equal monthly installments over 48 months. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 (5) On January 1, 2022, the Company issued 18,657 restricted stock units for Mr. Schram s 2021 annual stock bonus award under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 25,000 and vests in equal monthly installments over 48 months. 
 (6) On April 1, 2022, May 19, 2022, August 16, 2022, and November 18, 2022, the Company issued 6,567, 2,562, 4,493, and 4,564 restricted stock units, respectively, for Mr. Schram s 2022 quarterly stock bonus award under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 10,836, 2,741, 4,538, and 3,036 and vests in equal monthly installments over 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, 58,933 restricted stock units are unvested with a total market value of 39,403 based on the closing stock price of 0.54 on December 31, 2022. 
 (7) All restricted stock units convert to an equal number of common stock shares upon vesting. On August 17, 2021 and November 16, 2021, the Company issued 4,286 and 2,753 restricted stock units for Mr. Biere s quarterly stock bonus awards under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 8,101 and 6,635 and vests in equal monthly installments over 36 months. 
 (8) On April 1, 2022, the Company issued 15,152 restricted stock units for Mr. Biere s annual stock award under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 25,000 and has cliff vesting of 25 at one year and then quarterly over 36 months. 
 (9) On April 1, 2022, May 19, 2022, August 16, 2022, and November 18, 2022 the Company issued 14,476, 7,378, 12,942, and 13,146 restricted stock units, respectively, for Mr. Biere s 2022 quarterly stock bonus award under his employment agreement. The stock was initially valued at 23,885, 7,894, 13,072, and 8,745 and vest quarterly over 36 months. As of December 31, 2022, 61,503 restricted stock units are unvested with a total market value of 79,370 based on the closing stock price of 0.54 on December 31, 2022. 
 Employment Agreements 
 The following is a summary of the employment arrangements with the Company s Named Executive Officers. 
 Edward H. (Ted) Murphy. On April 21, 2019, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Murphy, with an initial term commencing April 21, 2019 and ending on April 20, 2022. Following the initial term, the employment agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless the Company or Mr. Murphy provides written notice of non-renewal at least 60 days prior to the end of the current term or the employment agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to its terms. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Murphy receives an annual base salary of 249,900 with a guaranteed base salary increase of no less than 2 in April of each year and an automatic increase of 20 in the event that the Company reaches a market cap of 50 million for a specified amount of time. The employment agreement provides for annual stock options with a fair value of 200,000 vesting over four years in equal monthly installments, subject to a maximum of 200,000 underlying shares. In the event the fair market value of the stock option grant is less than 200,000 as limited by the 200,000-share maximum, Mr. Murphy is entitled to receive the difference in fair market value through a combination of cash and restricted stock units with the same vesting schedule as the stock options, at the sole discretion of the Board. Additionally, he is eligible for an annual bonus of no less than 85,000 in cash and up to 150,000 in stock options (subject to a 200,000-share maximum, with any resulting difference in value to be paid in a combination of cash and restricted stock units, at the sole discretion of the Board), in each case paid quarterly pursuant to the terms of the employment agreement. Such annual bonuses are based on the achievement of specified annual performance goals. Each such grant of stock options vests over three years in equal monthly installments. 
 Effective January 28, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to Mr. Murphy s employment agreement, that modifies the type of stock awards to be granted pursuant to Section 3 of his employment agreement. In lieu of stock options, the executive shall be granted restricted stock units (as defined in the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan). 
 Mr. Murphy's employment agreement is subject to early termination (i) by the Company or Mr. Murphy for any reason upon written notice, (ii) by the Company for cause (as such term is defined in the employment agreement), (iii) by Mr. Murphy for good reason (as such term is defined in the employment agreement), and (iv) in the case of death or disability. If terminated, for any reason other than death, disability or cause, Mr. Murphy will be entitled to a severance of six months of his current salary and twelve months of COBRA payments. In the case of termination due to disability, Mr. Murphy will be entitled to a severance of his current salary until such time (but no more than 120 days after such disability) that disability insurance plan payments commence. If there is a change of control (as defined in the employment agreement) and Mr. Murphy's employment terminates within six months following the change of control for reasons other than for cause, then Mr. Murphy will be entitled to such amount equal to twelve months of his then-current base salary and twelve months of COBRA payments. The employment agreement also provides for Mr. Murphy s eligibility to receive benefits substantially similar to those of the Company s other executives. 
 Ryan S. Schram. Effective January 1, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Ryan S. Schram to serve as its President and Chief Operating Officer through January 4, 2024. The agreement auto-renews for successive one-year periods if no termination notice is provided. Per the agreement, Mr. Schram received an annual base salary of 300,000 with an annual increase of no less than 2 on January 1st of each year beginning in 2022. Additionally, on January 1st each year, Mr. Schram received annual stock options with a fair value of 25,000 vesting over four 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 years in equal monthly installments. However, the number of underlying shares of common stock could not exceed 100,000 shares. In the event the fair market value of the stock option grant was less than 25,000 as limited by the share cap, Mr. Schram would be entitled to receive either 100 of the difference in fair market value in cash or 100 of the difference in fair market value in restricted stock with the same vesting schedule as the stock options, at the sole discretion of the Board. Mr. Schram would also be eligible for annual bonus distributions up to 100,000 in cash and 25,000 in stock options based on meeting certain key performance indicators (KPIs) set forth in his employment agreement, as well as an annual override cash bonus of 0.4 or 0.65 based on the Company s gross revenue. The 100,000 share cap and payout rules also separately apply to the annual KPI-based stock award, except that Mr. Schram would be entitled to 50 of the difference in fair market value in cash. If Mr. Schram was terminated for any reason other than death, disability, or cause, or if he resigned for good reason (as those terms are defined in his employment agreement), Mr. Schram would be entitled to severance of six months current salary and bonus and override bonus as in effect on the date of termination. A change of control, under which Mr. Schram failed to retain his responsibilities, would be deemed to constitute good reason under his employment agreement. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to Mr. Schram s employment agreement that modifies the type of stock awards to be granted pursuant to Section 3 of his employment agreement. In lieu of stock options, the executive shall be granted restricted stock units (as defined in the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan). 
 Peter J. Biere . On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Peter J. Biere to serve as its Chief Financial Officer through March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Biere receives an annual base salary of 250,000 and received a relocation reimbursement of up to 25,000. The employment agreement provides for a one-time issuance of 20,000 stock options and an annual issuance of stock options valued at 25,000, with 25 vesting one year from issuance and the remaining 75 vesting in equal monthly installments thereafter over three years. Additionally, Mr. Biere is eligible to receive bonuses up to 120,000 annually (or higher as determined by the Board), to be paid in a combination of cash, stock options, and restricted stock units on a quarterly basis, based on the achievement of certain key performance indicators set at the beginning of each year. Each grant of bonus stock options or restricted stock units shall vest over three years in equal monthly installments. 
 Following the initial term, the Employment Agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless the Company or Mr. Biere provides written notice of non-renewal at least 60 days prior to the end of the current term. The Employment Agreement is subject to early termination (i) by the Company or Mr. Biere for any reason upon written notice, (ii) by the Company for cause (as such term is defined in the Employment Agreement), (iii) by Mr. Biere for good reason (as such term is defined in the Employment Agreement), and (iv) in the case of Mr. Biere's death or disability. If the Employment Agreement is terminated for any reason other than by the Company for cause or by Mr. Biere without good reason, Mr. Biere will be entitled to payment of expenses, accrued and unused vacation time, and severance of six months of his then-current salary. In the case of termination due to disability, Mr. Biere will be entitled to severance of his then-current salary until such time (but no more than 120 days after such disability) that disability insurance plan payments commence. If there is a change of control (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and Mr. Biere's employment terminates within six months following the change of control for reasons other than for cause or without good reason, then Mr. Biere will be entitled to severance of six months of his then-current salary and six months of his COBRA payments. Additionally, upon a change of control (as such term is defined in the Employment Agreement), Mr. Biere s unvested equity awards will be subject to acceleration pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to Mr. Biere s employment agreement that modifies the type of stock awards to be granted pursuant to Section 3 of his employment agreement. In lieu of stock options, the executive shall be granted restricted stock units (as defined in the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan). 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Company entered into a second amendment to Mr. Biere s employment agreement that increases the executive s salary to 320,000 per year. The amendment also increases the eligible bonus amount up to 144,000 annually paid in cash, based on meeting and exceeding mutually agreed upon key performance indicators/goals (KPIs). The bonus will be split in five equal parts, issued once per quarter and once per year for annual KPIs. Mr. Biere will also be granted RSUs annually on the anniversary of the effective date of the agreement equal to 25,000 divided by the fair market value of the Company s stock but shall not exceed 100,000 shares. In the event the grant is limited by the 100,000 share cap, the executive will receive 100 of the difference in cash. 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 In May 2011, the Board adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of IZEA, Inc., which was amended and restated in 2020 (the 2011 Plan ). The 2011 Plan allows the Company to award restricted stock, restricted stock units, and stock options, covering up to 7,500,000 shares of common stock as incentive compensation for its employees and consultants. On August 22, 2011, the Board adopted the 2011 B Equity Incentive Plan (the 2011 B Plan reserving 4,375 shares of common stock for issuance under the August 2011 Plan. The 2011 B Plan expired on August 22, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 2,464,147 shares of common stock has been issued in respect of exercised and vested awards under the 2011 Plan. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Under the 2011 Plan, the Board determines the exercise price to be paid for the option shares, the period within which each award may be exercised, and the terms and conditions of each award, including any future vesting restrictions. The exercise price of incentive and non-qualified stock options may not be less than 100 of the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock on the grant date. If an individual owns stock representing more than 10 of the outstanding shares, the price of each share of an incentive stock option must be equal to or exceed 110 of fair market value. Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, the purchase price is set at the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date (or the last trading day prior to the grant date, if it is awarded on a non-trading day). Additionally, the term is set at ten years and the option typically vests on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period as follows: 25 one year from the date of grant with the remaining vesting monthly, in equal increments over the following three years. The Company issues new shares for any stock awards or options exercised under the 2011 Plan. 
 The Company s 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP provides for the issuance of up to 500,000 shares of its common stock. Any employee regularly employed by the Company for 90 days or more on a full-time or part-time basis (20 hours or more per week on a regular schedule) is eligible to participate in the ESPP. The ESPP operates in successive six-month offering periods commencing at the beginning of each fiscal year half. Each eligible employee who has elected to participate may purchase up to 10 of their annual compensation in common stock not to exceed 21,250 annually or 2,000 shares per offering period. The purchase price will be the lower of (i) 85 of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first day of the offering period or (ii) 85 of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the last day of the offering period. The ESPP will continue until January 1, 2024, unless otherwise terminated by the Company s Board. As of December 31, 2022, 136,928 shares have been issued under the ESPP. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) (1) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,982,317 2.83 2,745,081 
 _______________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 2,382,009 shares of common stock available for future issuance under the May 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, zero shares of common stock available for future issuance under its August 2011 Equity Incentive Plan and 363,072 shares of common stock available for future issuance under its 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 As of March 24, 2023, the Company had 62,414,215 shares of common stock issued, which includes 95 shares of unvested restricted stock, outstanding stock options to purchase 1,611,298 shares of its common stock at an average exercise price of 2.76 per share and unvested restricted stock units of 1,461,980 shares with an intrinsic value of 945,936. 
 Director Compensation 
 The following table sets forth the cash compensation, as well as certain other compensation earned by each person who served as a non-employee director for the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards Option Awards Total Brian W. Brady (1) 
 25,000 25,000 50,000 John H. Caron (2) 
 29,000 25,000 54,000 Lindsay A. Gardner (3) 
 25,000 25,000 50,000 Daniel R. Rua (4) 
 29,000 25,000 54,000 Patrick J. Venetucci (5) 
 28,000 25,000 53,000 
 (1) In 2022, Mr. Brady received 21,186 shares of restricted stock with a grant date fair value of 25,000. The shares vested in equal monthly installments from January through December 2022. Mr. Brady also received cash compensation of 25,000 in accordance with the Company s non-employee director compensation program. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 (2) In 2022, Mr. Caron received 21,186 shares of restricted stock with a grant date fair value of 25,000 upon issuance. The shares vested in equal monthly installments from January through December 2022. Mr. Caron also received cash compensation of 29,000 in accordance with the Company s non-employee director compensation program. 
 (3) In 2022, Mr. Gardner received 21,186 shares of restricted stock with a grant date fair value of 25,000 upon issuance. The shares vested in equal monthly installments from January through December 2022. Mr. Gardner also received cash compensation of 25,000 in accordance with the Company s non-employee director compensation program. 
 (4) In 2022, Mr. Rua received 21,186 shares of restricted stock with a grant date fair value of 25,000 upon issuance. The shares vested in equal monthly installments from January through December 2022. Mr. Rua also received cash compensation of 29,000 in accordance with the Company s non-employee director compensation program. 
 (5) In 2022, Mr. Venetucci received 21,186 shares of restricted stock with a grant date fair value of 25,000 upon issuance. The shares vested in equal monthly installments from January through December 2022. Mr. Rua also received cash compensation of 28,000 in accordance with the Company s non-employee director compensation program. 
 Effective March 1, 2013, the Board implemented a compensation program that entitles each serving non-employee director to receive the following compensation: 
 An annual board retainer fee of 25,000 to be paid in restricted stock each calendar year earned equally over the year of service. 
 A cash retainer fee of 20,000 per year, payable in cash or restricted stock. 
 Reimbursement of actual and necessary travel and related expenses in connection with attending in-person Board meetings. 
 A 1,000 per meeting fee for all meetings of the Board, subject to a 6,000 annual cap. 
 A 1,000 per Audit Committee meeting fee, subject to a 4,000 annual cap. 
 Directors who are also employees of the Company are not paid for their service as directors. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Board amended the compensation program for each serving non-employee director to receive the following compensation: 
 An annual board retainer fee of 60,000 to be in restricted stock issued in 15,000 increments on the last day of each quarter and priced at fair market value, vesting immediately. 
 A cash retainer fee of 35,000 per year. 
 A standard fee of 5,500 per year paid out to each Audit Committee member, except with regard to the Audit Committee Chair, who shall receive a fee of 15,000 per year. 
 A standard fee of 4,500 per year paid out to each Compensation Committee member, except with regard to the Compensation Committee Chair, who shall receive a fee of 10,000 per year. 
 A standard fee of 3,000 per year paid out to each Nominating Corporate Governance Committee member, except with regard to the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Chair, who shall receive a fee of 5,500 per year. 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 The following table presents information concerning the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock as of March 24, 2023 by: 
 each person or group of affiliated persons, known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock 5 holders 
 each of the Company s directors and named executive officers; and, 
 all of the Company s directors and executive officers as a group. 
 The number of shares of the Company s common stock owned by each person is determined under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days after March 24, 2023, or by May 23, 2023, through the conversion of a security or other right. Shares not outstanding but deemed beneficially owned by virtue of the right of a person to acquire those shares are treated as outstanding only for purposes of determining the number 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 and percent of shares of common stock owned by such person or group. The Company is not aware of any 5 holders of its common stock as of March 24, 2023. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that all persons named in the following table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them, and the address of each person named in the following table is c/o IZEA Worldwide, Inc., 1317 Edgewater Dr #1880 Orlando, FL 32804. 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Executive Officers and Directors: Edward H. (Ted) Murphy (2) 
 1,972,021 3.1 Ryan S. Schram (3) 
 286,188 Peter J. Biere (4) 
 21,432 Brian W. Brady (5) 
 1,553,993 2.5 John H. Caron (6) 
 162,472 Lindsay A. Gardner (7) 
 206,503 Daniel R. Rua (8) 
 98,139 Patrick J. Venetucci (9) 
 124,323 All executive officers and directors as a group (8 persons) (10) 
 4,425,071 
 _______________ 
 Less than 1 percent. 
 (1) The applicable percentage of ownership for each holder is based on 62,414,215 shares outstanding as of March 24, 2023. 
 (2) Includes 791,835 outstanding shares of common stock, exercisable stock options to purchase 1,148,220 shares of common stock, and 31,966 restricted stock units expected to vest within the 60 days under the 2011 Plan. 
 (3) Includes 172,617 outstanding shares of common stock, exercisable stock options to purchase 105,241 shares of common stock, and 8,330 restricted stock units expected to vest within the 60 days under the 2011 Plan. 
 (4) Includes 6,459 outstanding shares of common stock and exercisable stock options to purchase 1,102 shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan. 
 (5) Includes 1,543,486 outstanding shares of common stock and stock options exercisable for 10,507 shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan. 
 (6) Includes 159,972 outstanding shares of common stock, stock options exercisable for 2,500shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan. 
 (7) Includes 205,349 outstanding shares of common stock and stock options exercisable for 1,154 shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan. 
 (8) Includes 88,549 outstanding shares of common stock and stock options exercisable for 9,590 shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan. 
 (9) Includes 119,323 outstanding shares of common stock and stock options exercisable for 5,000 shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan. 
 (10) For all executive officers and directors as a group, this amount includes outstanding shares of common stock, exercisable stock options to purchase 1,283,314 shares of common stock, and 43,167 restricted stock units expected to vest within 60 days of March 24, 2023, under the 2011 Plan as further detailed in footnotes (2) through () above. 

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The Company reviews all transactions involving any of its directors, director nominees, significant shareholders, executive officers, and their immediate family members who are participants to determine whether such persons has a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. All directors, director nominees, and executive officers must notify the Company of any proposed transaction involving it in which such person has a direct or indirect material interest. Such proposed transaction is then reviewed by either the Board as a whole or the Audit Committee, which determines whether or not to approve the transaction. After such review, the reviewing body approves the transaction only if it determines that the transaction is in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Certain Transactions 
 During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transactions, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of its total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of its officers, directors, beneficial owners of more than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock or other related persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 Director Independence 
 The Board has determined that Brian W. Brady, John H. Caron, Lindsay A. Gardner, Daniel R. Rua, and Patrick J. Venetucci are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). As provided by the Nasdaq rules, the Board has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationship exists which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, the Board reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors with regard to each director s business and personal activities as they may relate the Company s management. 

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Audit Committee Policies and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee must pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for us by the Company s independent auditors, subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act, which the Board should nonetheless approve prior to the completion of the audit. Each year, the Audit Committee approves the independent auditor s retention to audit the Company s financial statements, including the associated fee, before filing the previous year s Annual Report. At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Audit Committee will evaluate other known potential engagements of the independent auditor, including the scope of work proposed to be performed and the proposed fees, and approve or reject each service, considering whether the services are permissible under applicable law and the possible impact of each non-audit service on the independent auditor s independence from management. At each such subsequent meeting, the auditor and management may present subsequent services for approval. Typically, these would be services, such as due diligence for an acquisition, that would not have been known at the beginning of the year. 
 Each engagement of BDO USA, LLP BDO and GRANT THORNTON, LLP GT ), independent registered public accounting firms, have been approved in advance by the Board, and none of those engagements made use of the de minimis exception to the pre-approval contained in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act. 
 The aggregate fees billed by the principal accountant(s) for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered for the audit and review of the financial statements were 708,645 and 269,941 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Fees for 2022 were substantially higher due to the restatement included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2021 and transition from BDO to GT. 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, Fee Category 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 
 646,937 197,633 Tax Fees (2) 
 61,708 72,308 Total 708,645 269,941 
 (1) Audit Fees means the aggregate fees billed by the principal accountant(s) for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered for the audit and review of financial statements. 
 (2) Tax Fees means the aggregate fees billed by tax professionals for costs associated with the preparation and filing of taxes. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements (see Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data at Item 8 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules (Schedules to the Financial Statements have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the accompanying Financial Statements or notes thereto). 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of IZEA, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 28, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2011). 
 3.2 Certificate of Change of IZEA, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 30, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 1, 2012). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 17, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2014). 
 3.4 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective January 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2015). 
 3.5 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective January 11, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 12, 2016). 
 3.6 Amended and Restated Bylaws of IZEA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2011). 
 3.7 First Amendment to Bylaws of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 27, 2022). 
 3.8 Certificate of Designation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2011). 
 3.9 Articles of Merger of IZEA Innovations, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective April 5, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2016). 
 3.1 Articles of Merger of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective August 20, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2018). 
 3.11 Articles of Merger of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective December 17, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020). 
 3.12 Articles of Merger of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada effective December 14, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 4.1 Description of Common Stock of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020). 
 10.1 (a) 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated December 18, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2020). 
 10.2 (a) 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, As Amended and Restated December 18, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2018). 
 10.3 (a) Summary of director compensation plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2020). 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 10.4 (a) Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between IZEA, Inc. and Edward Murphy dated April 21, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 24, 2019). 
 10.5 (a) Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between IZEA, Inc. and Ryan Schram dated January 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021). 
 10.6 (a) Employment Agreement between IZEA, Inc. and Peter Biere effective April 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021). 
 10.7 (a) First Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and Edward H. Murphy dated January 28, 2022. 
 10.8 (a) First Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and Ryan Schram dated January 28, 2022 and effective January 1, 2022. 
 10.9 (a) First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement between IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and Peter J. Biere dated January 28, 2022. 
 10.11 (a) Second Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement between IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and Peter J. Biere dated January 9, 2023. 
 10.12 (a) Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement, and notice of exercise under the IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.13 (a) Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan . 
 10.14 (a) Forms of restricted stock award grant notice and award agreement under the IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 23.2 Consent of GRANT THORNTON, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 (b) Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 (b) Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 (c) The following materials from IZEA Worldwide, Inc.'s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 are formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow, and (iv) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Filed or furnished herewith. 
 (a) Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (b) In accordance with Item 601of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is hereby furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 (c) In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. a Nevada corporation March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Edward H. Murphy Edward H. Murphy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Peter J. Biere Peter J. Biere 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

80 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Edward H. Murphy March 31, 2023 Edward H. Murphy Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Peter J. Biere March 31, 2023 Peter J. Biere Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Ryan S. Schram March 31, 2023 Ryan S. Schram President, Chief Operating Officer and Director /s/ Brian W. Brady March 31, 2023 Brian W. Brady Director /s/ John H. Caron March 31, 2023 John H. Caron Director /s/ Lindsay A. Gardner March 31, 2023 Lindsay A. Gardner Director /s/ Daniel R. Rua March 31, 2023 Daniel R. Rua Director /s/ Patrick J. Venetucci March 31, 2023 Patrick J. Venetucci Director 
 81 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 exhibit103directorcompensa.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

DocuSign Envelope ID 14CAA229-6B9C-44D1-8311-0B9F27E7A694 
 
 UNANIMOUS JOINT WRITTEN CONSENT OF 
 THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND 
 
 THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF 
 THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF 
 IZEA WORLDWIDE, INC. 
 
 The undersigned, being all of the members of the Board of Directors of IZEA Worldwide, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation ), and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (the Committee ), hereby consent, pursuant to Sections 78.1955 and 78.207 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, to the adoption of the following resolutions 
 
 WHEREAS, the Committee is responsible for determining, or recommending to the Board of Directors for determination, the compensation of the Board of Directors of the Company and 
 
 WHEREAS, following an analysis of the recommendations received from an independent compensation consultant engaged by the Committee in 2022, the Committee has determined that it would like to retain and reward the performance of the Corporation s Board of Directors (the Board by adopting and approving the recommendations to restructure the cash and stock compensation that constitute the Board fee and Committee fees 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Committee hereby recommends that the following compensation structure for the Board and each Committee be approved by the Board of Directors, effective as of January 1, 2023 
 
 Board of Directors 
 A retainer of 35,000 per year for each independent Board member plus equity consisting of 
 60,000 worth of restricted stock per year, issued in 15,000 increments on the last day of each quarter and priced at Fair Market Value, vesting immediately. 
 
 Committee Members 
 At the end of each quarter, the independent Board members shall receive equal payments of the below annual fees 
 
 A standard fee of 5,500 per year paid out to each non-executive Audit Committee member, except with regard to the Audit Committee Chair, who shall receive a fee of 15,000 per year. 
 
 A standard fee of 4,500 per year paid out to each non-executive Compensation Committee member, except with regard to the Compensation Committee Chair, who shall receive a fee of 10,000 per year. 
 
 A standard fee of 3,000 per year paid out to each non-executive Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee member, except with regard to the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee Chair, who shall receive a fee of 5,500 per year. 

1 

DocuSign Envelope ID 14CAA229-6B9C-44D1-8311-0B9F27E7A694 

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board hereby agrees to the revised compensation structure for the Board and each Committee as reflected above. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the appropriate officers of the Corporation be, and they hereby are, authorized and empowered to do or cause to be done any and all further acts and things, including the execution and delivery of any and all such further award agreements, papers, documents and instruments as they may deem necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the intent and to accomplish the purposes of the foregoing resolutions and 
 
 RESOLVED, that a copy of this Written Consent, which may be executed in counterparts, be filed in the minute book of the Corporation. 
 
 Dated January 13, 2023 

Edward H. (Ted) Murphy 
 Brian W. Brady 

John H. Caron 
 Lindsay A. Gardner 

Daniel R. Rua Ryan S. Schram 
 Patrick J. Venetucci 

2 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 exhibit1012stockoptionagre.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 IZEA WORLDWIDE, INC. 
 2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (As Amended and Restated Effective December 18, 2020) 
 
 This INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the Option Agreement ), is granted pursuant to the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Option Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS the Company desires to give the recipient named below (the Participant the opportunity to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 Common Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which is attached hereto 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement as follows 
 
 Participant Grant Number Date of Grant Exercise Price per Share (USD) Total Number of Shares Total Exercise Price (USD) Type of Option Term Expiration Date Vesting Template Vesting Terms 

1. Grant of Option . The Option is in all respects limited and conditioned as hereinafter provided and is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Plan now in effect and as it may be amended from time to time (but only to the extent that such amendments apply to outstanding options). Such terms and conditions are incorporated herein by reference, made a part hereof, and shall control in the event of any conflict with any other terms of this Option Agreement. The Option granted hereunder is intended to be an incentive stock option ISO meeting the requirements of the Plan and section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and not a nonqualified stock option NQSO ). 

2. Exercise Price . It is the determination of the board of directors of the Company (the Board that on the Grant Date the exercise price was not less than the greater of (i) 100 (110 for an Participant who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all shares of stock of the Company or of a Related Corporation a More-Than-10 Owner of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of a Common Share, or (ii) the par value of a Common Share. 
 
 3. Term . Unless earlier terminated pursuant to any provision of the Plan or of this Option Agreement, this Option shall as provided above, which date is not more than 10 years (five years in the case of a More-Than-10 Owner) from the Grant Date. This Option shall not be exercisable on or after the Expiration Date. 
 
 4. Exercise of Option . The Option shall vest according to the schedule, provided that Participant remains continuously employed as an employee of the Company or a Related Corporation from the date hereof through the applicable vesting date. The Board may accelerate any vesting date of the Option, in its discretion, if it deems such acceleration to be desirable. Once the Option becomes exercisable, it will remain exercisable until it is exercised or until it terminates. 
 
 5. Non-Transferability of Option . This Option is not assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. During the lifetime of the Participant, the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant or, in the event of his or her disability, by his or her guardian or legal representative. 
 
 6. Termination of Employment . If the Participant s employment with the Company and all Related Corporations is terminated for any reason (other than for death, Disability or Cause) prior to the Expiration Date, then this Option may be exercised by Participant, to the extent of the number of Common Shares with respect to which the Participant could have exercised it on the date of such termination of employment, at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date, or (ii) ninety (90) days after such termination of employment. Any part of the Option that was not exercisable immediately before the termination of Participant s employment shall terminate at that time. 
 
 7. Disability . If the Participant becomes disabled (as determined in accordance with section 22(e)(3) of the Code) during his or her employment and, prior to the Expiration Date, the Participant s employment is terminated as a consequence of such disability, then this Option may be exercised by the Participant or by the Participant s legal representative, to the extent of the number of Common Shares with respect to which the Participant could have exercised it on the date of such termination of employment at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date or (ii) one year after such termination of employment. Any part of the Option that was not exercisable immediately before the Participant s termination of employment shall terminate at that time. 
 
 8. Death . If the Participant dies during his or her employment and prior to the Expiration Date, or if the Participant s employment is terminated for any reason (as described in Paragraphs 6 and 7) and the Participant dies following his or her termination of employment but prior to the earliest of (i) the Expiration Date, or (ii) the expiration of the period determined under Paragraph 6 or 7 (as applicable to the Participant), then this Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, personal representative or beneficiary who acquired the right to exercise this Option by bequest or inheritance or by reason of the Participant s death, to the extent of the number of Common Shares with respect to which the Participant could have exercised it on the date of his or her death, at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date or (ii) one year 
 - 2 - 

after the date of the Participant s death. Any part of the Option that was not exercisable immediately before the Participant s death shall terminate at that time. 
 
 9. Disqualifying Disposition of Option Shares . The Participant agrees to give written notice to the Company, at its principal office, if a disposition of the Common Shares acquired through exercise of the Option granted hereunder occurs at any time within two years after the Grant Date or within one year after the transfer to the Participant of such shares. Participant acknowledges that if such disposition occurs, the Participant generally will recognize ordinary income as of the date the Option was exercised in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares on the date of exercise minus the exercise price, or (ii) the amount realized on disposition of such shares minus the exercise price. If requested by the Company at the time of and in the case of any such disposition, Participant shall pay to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the Company s federal, state and local withholding tax obligations with respect to such disposition. The provisions of this Section 9 shall apply, whether or not the Participant is in the employ of the Company at the time of the relevant disposition. For purposes of this Paragraph, the term disposition shall have the meaning assigned to such term by section 424(c) of the Code. 
 
 10. Securities Matters . (a) If, at any time, counsel to the Company shall determine that the listing, registration or qualification of the Common Shares subject to the Option upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental or regulatory body, or that the disclosure of non-public information or the satisfaction of any other condition is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with, the issuance or purchase of Common Shares hereunder, such Option may not be exercised, in whole or in part, unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval, or satisfaction of such condition shall have been effected or obtained on conditions acceptable to the Board of Directors. The Company shall be under no obligation to apply for or to obtain such listing, registration or qualification, or to satisfy such condition. The Board shall inform the Participant in writing of any decision to defer or prohibit the exercise of an Option. During the period that the effectiveness of the exercise of an Option has been deferred or prohibited, the Participant may, by written notice, withdraw the Participant s decision to exercise and obtain a refund of any amount paid with respect thereto. 
 
 (b) The Company may require (i) the Participant (or any other person exercising the Option in the case of the Participant s death or Disability) as a condition of exercising the Option, to give written assurances, in substance and form satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such person is acquiring the Common Shares subject to the Option for his or her own account for investment and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the same, and to make such other representations or covenants and (ii) that any certificates for Common Shares delivered in connection with the exercise of the Option bear such legends, in each case as the Company deems necessary or appropriate, in order to comply with federal and applicable state securities laws, to comply with covenants or representations made by the Company in connection with any public offering of its Common Shares or otherwise. The Participant specifically understands and agrees that the Common Shares, if and when issued upon exercise of the Option, may be restricted securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933 and, accordingly, the Participant may be required to hold the shares indefinitely unless they are registered under such Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption from such registration is available. 
 
 (c) The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any Common Shares covered by the Option (including, without limitation, any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such shares) until the date of issue of a stock certificate to the Participant for such Common Shares. No adjustment shall be made for 
 - 3 - 

dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued. 
 
 11. Governing Law . This Option Agreement shall be governed by the applicable Code provisions to the maximum extent possible. Otherwise, the laws of the State of Nevada (without reference to the principles of conflict of laws) shall govern the operation of, and the rights of the Participant under, the Plan and Options granted thereunder. 

- 4 - 

By Participant s signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, or by Participant otherwise accepting or exercising this Option, Participant and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant (including any country- specific addendum thereto), attached hereto as Exhibit A , all of which are made a part of this document. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator on any questions relating to the Plan and this Option Agreement. 

IZEA WORLDWIDE, INC. 
 
 By 
 Edward H. (Ted) Murphy 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Agreed and Accepted 
 PARTICIPANT 

By ________________________________ 

- 5 - 

2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Notice of Exercise of Incentive Stock Option 

I hereby exercise the incentive stock option granted to me pursuant to the Incentive Stock Option Agreement dated as of _______, IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (the Company ), with respect to the following number of shares of the Company s common stock Shares ), par value 0.0001 per Share, covered by said option 
 
 Number of Shares to be purchased _______ 
 
 Purchase price per Share _______ 
 
 Total purchase price _______ 
 
 A. Enclosed is cash or my certified check, bank draft, or postal or express money order in the amount of ________ in full partial circle one payment for such Shares 
 
 and or 
 
 B. Enclosed is are Share(s) with a total fair market value of on the date hereof in full partial circle one payment for such Shares 
 
 and or 
 
 C. I have provided notice to insert name of broker , a broker, who will render full partial circle one payment for such Shares. Optionee should attach to the notice of exercise provided to such broker a copy of this Notice of Exercise and irrevocable instructions to pay to the Company the full partial (as elected above) exercise price. 
 
 and or 
 
 D. I elect to satisfy the payment for Shares purchased hereunder by having the Company withhold newly acquired Shares pursuant to the exercise of the Option. I understand that this will result in a disqualifying disposition, as described in Section 10 of my Incentive Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 Please have the certificate or certificates representing the purchased Shares registered in the following name or names 1 and sent to . 

DATED ___, 20__ ______________________ 
 Optionee s Signature 

Certificates may be registered in the name of the Optionee alone or in the joint names (with right of survivorship) of the Optionee and his or her spouse. 
 - 6 - 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 exhibit1013rsuaward.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 IZEA WORLDWIDE, INC. 
 2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (As Amended and Restated Effective December 18, 2020) 
 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award is an agreement made between IZEA Worldwide, Inc., a Nevada corporation, (the Company and you (the Participant under the provisions of the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated) (the Plan ), to grant an Award for the number of RSUs set forth below, subject to certain restrictions as outlined below in this Notice and the additional provisions set forth in the attached Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award and in the Plan (collectively, the Agreement ). The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated by reference in their entirety into this Agreement. When used in this Agreement, the terms which are defined in the Plan shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan, as modified herein (if applicable). 
 Grant Details 
 Participant Grant Number Date of Grant Total Number of Shares FMV on Grant Date (USD) 
 
 Subject to the provisions contained in Paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of the Terms and Conditions and provided the Participant does not have a separation from service with the Company prior to the applicable vesting date, the RSUs shall become earned and vested, and shares of Stock will be issued in settlement of vested RSUs, in accordance with the following schedule 
 
 Vesting Terms 
 
 Vesting Date Shares 
 
 Acceleration of Vesting on Change in Control In the event that a Change in Control of the Company occurs and Participant is terminated by the Company upon or after the Change in Control, the shares of Restricted Stock subject to this Award shall become immediately vested upon the earlier of the Vesting Date(s) or the date of termination. 
 
 By signing below, the Participant agrees that this Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Award to be executed by its duly authorized officer and the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, and executed as of the Grant Date written above. 
 IZEA WORLDWIDE, INC. 
 
 By 
 Edward H. (Ted) Murphy 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Agreed and Accepted 
 PARTICIPANT 

2 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 
 The Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award granted by IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (the Company to the Participant specified in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice to which these Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Terms are attached, is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice, and these Terms. The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated by reference in their entirety into these Terms. Together, the Notice, these Terms and all exhibits to the Notice and these Terms constitute the Agreement . A Prospectus describing the Plan has been delivered to the Participant. The Plan itself is available upon request. When used in this Agreement, the terms which are defined in the Plan shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan, as modified herein (if applicable). 
 
 The Board has approved an Award to the Participant of a number of RSUs of the Company. The Award is conditioned upon the Participant s acceptance of the provisions set forth in the Notice and these Terms within 60 days after the Notice and these Terms are presented to the Participant for review. 
 
 1. Grant of RSUs . 
 
 (a) As of the Grant Date set forth in the Notice, the Company grants to the Participant the number of RSUs set forth in the Notice. Each RSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company s Common Stock Share at a future date after the RSU has become earned and vested, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) The RSUs covered by this Award shall become earned and vested in accordance with the schedule set forth in the Notice. Each earned and vested RSU shall be settled on the date(s) specified in the Notice by issuance of one Share on or as soon as administratively practicable (but no more than 75 days) after the applicable vesting and or settlement date specified in the Notice, subject to the requirements of (i) Section 4 (Responsibility for Taxes), and Section 6 (Regulatory Restrictions on the Shares Issued Upon Settlement). 
 
 (c) RSUs constitute an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. The Participant shall not have any rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Shares underlying the RSUs unless and until the RSUs become earned and vested and are settled by the issuance of Shares. Upon issuance of Shares in connection with the settlement of vested RSUs, the Participant shall be the record owner of the Shares unless and until such Shares are sold or otherwise disposed of, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder of the Company (including voting rights). 
 
 (d) The Participant may designate a beneficiary to receive payment in connection with the RSUs in the event of the Participant s death in accordance with the Company s beneficiary designation procedures, as in effect from time to time. If the Participant does not designate a beneficiary, or if the Participant s designated beneficiary does not survive the Participant, then the Participant s beneficiary will be the Participant s estate. 
 
 (e) The RSUs shall not entitle the Participant to receive any dividend equivalents with respect to any cash dividend that is otherwise paid with respect to the Shares. 
 
 2. Restrictions . Subject to any exceptions set forth in this Agreement, until such time as the RSUs become earned and vested and are settled in Shares in accordance with Section 1, the RSUs or the rights relating thereto may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the RSUs or the rights relating thereto shall be wholly ineffective and, if any such attempt is made, the RSUs will be forfeited by the Participant and all of the Participant s rights to such RSUs shall immediately terminate without any payment of consideration by the Company. 
 
 3. Cancellation of Rights . If any portion of the RSUs fails to become earned and vested (for example, because the Participant fails to satisfy the vesting conditions specified in the Notice prior to a separation from service with the Company), then such RSUs shall be immediately 
 3 

forfeited as of the date of such failure and all of the Participant s rights to such RSUs shall immediately terminate without any payment of consideration by the Company. 
 
 4. Responsibility for Taxes . 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, payroll tax or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items owed by the Participant is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant or vesting of the Award or the subsequent sale of Shares and (ii) does not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 (b) Prior to vesting of the Award, the Participant shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy all withholding obligations of the Company. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by the Participant from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company or from proceeds of the sale of the Shares. Alternatively, or in addition, to the extent permissible under applicable law, the Company may (i) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that the Participant acquires to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items, and or (ii) withhold Shares otherwise deliverable upon vesting, provided that the Company only withholds the number of Shares necessary to satisfy the withholding amount (not to exceed maximum statutory rates). 
 
 (c) Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue and deliver Shares in payment of any earned and vested RSUs if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this Section 4. 
 
 5. Participant Representations . The Participant hereby represents to the Company that the Participant has read and fully understands the provisions of this Agreement, the Prospectus and the Plan, and the Participant s decision to participate in the Plan is completely voluntary. Further, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is relying solely on his or her own advisors with respect to the tax consequences of this Award. 
 
 6. Regulatory Restrictions on the Shares Issued Upon Settlement . Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, the Committee shall have the sole discretion to impose such conditions, restrictions and limitations on the issuance of Shares with respect to this Award unless and until the Committee determines that such issuance complies with (i) any applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act or the Committee has determined that an exemption therefrom is available, (ii) any applicable listing requirement of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed, (iii) any applicable Company policy or administrative rules, and (iv) any other applicable provision of state, federal or foreign law, including foreign securities laws where applicable. 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Notices . Any notice which either party hereto may be required or permitted to give to the other shall be in writing and may be delivered personally, by intraoffice mail, by fax, by electronic mail or other electronic means, or via a postal service, postage prepaid, to such electronic mail or postal address and directed to such person as the Company may notify the Participant from time to time and to the Participant at the Participant s electronic mail or postal address as shown on the records of the Company from time to time, or at such other electronic mail or postal address as the Participant, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from time to time. 
 
 4 

(b) Waiver . The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 
 
 (c) Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Award are superseded. 
 
 (d) Binding Effect Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and to the extent not prohibited herein, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and as provided above, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities. 
 
 (e) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law, and applicable Federal law. 
 
 (f) Venue . Any arbitration, legal or equitable action or any proceeding arising directly, indirectly, or otherwise in connection with, out of, related to or from the Agreement, or any provision hereof, shall exclusively be filed and adjudicated in Orange County, Florida and no other venue. 
 
 (g) Headings . The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (h) Conflicts Amendment . The provisions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement in their entirety. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Committee, provided that no amendment may, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair the Participant s rights with respect to the Award. The Committee shall have full authority and discretion, subject only to the terms of the Plan, to decide all matters relating to the administration or interpretation of the Plan, the Award, and the Agreement, and all such action by the Committee shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon the Company and the Participant. 
 (i) No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or affect the right of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time. 
 
 (j) Further Assurances . The Participant agrees, upon demand of the Company or the Committee, to do all acts and execute, deliver and perform all additional documents, instruments and agreements which may be reasonably required by the Company or the Committee, as the case may be, to implement the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 (k) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 5 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 exhibit1014rsaaward.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE DECEMBER 18, 2020) 

Granted to 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Number of Shares 
 Fair Mkt Value per Share on Grant Date 

This Restricted Stock Award (the Award is an agreement made between IZEA Worldwide, Inc., a 
 Nevada corporation, (the Company and you (the Participant under the provisions of the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated) (the Plan ), to grant the number of Shares of the Common Stock of the Company set forth above, subject to certain restrictions as outlined below in this Notice and the additional provisions set forth in the attached Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Award (collectively, the Agreement ). The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated by reference in their entirety into this Agreement. When used in this Agreement, the terms which are defined in the Plan shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan, as modified herein (if applicable). 
 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to the provisions contained in Paragraphs 4, 5, and 6 of the Terms and Conditions, this Restricted Stock Award shall vest, and the applicable Restrictions set forth in the Terms and Conditions shall lapse, in accordance with the following schedule, in the event the Participant does not have a Separation from Service prior to the applicable vesting date 
 
 Vesting Date(s) 
 Shares Vesting 
 Vested upon grant 
 All 
 
 Acceleration of Vesting on Change in Control In the event that a Change in Control of the Company occurs during the Participant's Continuous Service, the shares of Restricted Stock subject to this Award shall become immediately vested as of the date of the Change in Control. 
 
 By signing below, the Participant agrees that this Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Award to be executed by its duly authorized officer and the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, and executed as of the Grant Date written above. 
 
 IZEA WORLDWIDE, INC. 

Agreed and Accepted 
 
 PARTICIPANT 

By Edward H. (Ted) Murphy 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

2 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD 
 
 The Restricted Stock Award (the Award granted by IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (the Company to the Participant specified in the Notice of Restricted Stock Award (the Notice to which these Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Award (the Terms are attached, is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice, and these Terms. The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated by reference in their entirety into these Terms. Together, the Notice, all exhibits to the Notice and these 
 Terms constitute the Agreement . A Prospectus describing the Plan has been delivered to the Participant. The Plan itself is available upon request. When used in this Agreement, the terms which are defined in the Plan shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan, as modified herein (if applicable). 
 
 The Board has approved an award to the Participant of a number of shares of the Company s Common Stock, conditioned upon the Participant s acceptance of the provisions set forth in the Notice and these Terms within 60 days after the Notice and these Terms are presented to the Participant for review. 
 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock . 
 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, as of the Grant Date, the Company grants to the Participant the number of Shares of Common Stock set forth in the Notice (the Restricted Shares ), subject to the restrictions set forth in Paragraph 2 of these Terms, the provisions of the Plan and the other provisions contained in these Terms. If and when the restrictions set forth in Paragraph 2 expire in accordance with these Terms without forfeiture of the Restricted Shares, and upon the satisfaction of all other applicable conditions as to the Restricted Shares, such shares shall no longer be considered Restricted Shares for purposes of these Terms. 
 
 (b) As soon as practicable after the Grant Date, the Company shall direct that a stock certificate or certificates representing the applicable Restricted Shares be registered in the name of and issued to the Participant. Such certificate or certificates shall be held in the custody of the Company or its designee until the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period (as defined in Paragraph 3). Upon the request of the Company, the Participant shall deliver to the Company one or more stock powers endorsed in blank relating to the Restricted Shares. 
 
 (c) Except as provided in Paragraph 1(d), in the event that a certificate for the Restricted Shares is delivered to the Participant, such certificate shall bear the following legend (the Legend 
 
 THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO SUBSTANTIAL VESTING AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS AS SET FORTH IN THE RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE ISSUER AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THE SHARES, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER. SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE BINDING ON TRANSFEREES OF THESE SHARES AND INCLUDE VESTING CONDITIONS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE COMPLETE FORFEITURE OF THE SHARES. 
 
 In addition, the stock certificate or certificates for the Restricted Shares shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Company may deem advisable under the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is then listed, and any applicable federal or state securities law, and the Company may cause a legend or legends to be placed on such certificate or certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 
 3 

(d) As soon as administratively practicable following the expiration of the Restricted Period without a forfeiture of the Restricted Shares, and upon the satisfaction of all other applicable conditions as to the Restricted Shares, including, but not limited to, the payment by the Participant of all applicable withholding taxes, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Participant a certificate or certificates for the applicable Restricted Shares which shall not bear the Legend. 
 
 2. Restrictions . 
 
 (a) The Participant shall have all rights and privileges of a stockholder as to the Restricted Shares, including the right to vote the Restricted Shares, except that the following restrictions shall apply 
 
 (i) any cash dividends declared and payable with respect to the Restricted Shares during the Restricted Period shall be accrued and held by the Company during the Restricted Period and shall be payable to the Participant, without interest, only if and to the extent the Restricted Shares shall become vested 
 
 (ii) the Participant shall not be entitled to delivery of the certificate or certificates for the Restricted Shares or any accrued dividends until the expiration of the Restricted Period without a forfeiture of the Restricted Shares and upon the satisfaction of all other applicable conditions 
 
 (ii) none of the Restricted Shares may be sold, transferred (other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution), assigned, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the Restricted Period applicable to such shares and 
 
 (iii) all of the Restricted Shares, and any related accrued dividends, shall be forfeited and returned to the Company and all rights of the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares shall terminate in their entirety on the terms and conditions set forth in Paragraph 4. 
 
 (b) Any attempt to dispose of Restricted Shares or any interest in the Restricted Shares in a manner contrary to the restrictions set forth in these Terms shall be void and of no effect. 
 
 3. Restricted Period and Vesting . The Restricted Period is the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date the Restricted Shares, or such applicable portion of the Restricted Shares, are deemed vested under the schedule set forth in the Notice (including any applicable accelerated vesting provisions set forth in the Notice). 
 
 4. Forfeiture . 
 
 (a) Subject to Paragraph 6 below, if during the Restricted Period (i) the Participant incurs a Separation from Service, (ii) there occurs a material breach of the Notice or these Terms by the Participant or (iii) the Participant fails to meet the tax withholding obligations described in Paragraph 5(b), all rights of the Participant to the Restricted Shares and any related accrued dividends that have not vested in accordance with Paragraph 3 as of the date of such Separation from Service (including pursuant to any applicable accelerated vesting provisions set forth in the Notice) shall terminate immediately and be forfeited in their entirety. 
 4 

(b) In the event of any forfeiture under this Paragraph 4, the certificate or certificates representing the forfeited Restricted Shares shall be canceled to the extent of any Restricted Shares that were forfeited. The Participant does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint the Company s Chief Financial Officer as Participant s attorney to transfer any forfeited Restricted Shares on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. The Chief Financial Officer shall use the authority granted in this paragraph 4(b) to cancel any Restricted Shares that are forfeited. 
 
 5. Withholding . 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, payroll tax or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items owed by the Participant is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant or vesting of the Award or the subsequent sale of Shares and (ii) does not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or 
 eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 (b) Prior to vesting of the Award, the Participant shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy all minimum withholding obligations of the Company. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company to withhold all applicable minimum Tax-Related Items legally payable by the Participant from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company or from proceeds of the sale of the Shares. Alternatively, or in addition, to the extent permissible under applicable law, the Company may (i) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that the Participant acquires to meet the minimum withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items, and or (ii) withhold Shares otherwise deliverable upon vesting, provided that the Company only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum withholding amount. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to deliver Shares upon vesting of the Award if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax- Related Items as described in this Section 5. 
 
 (c) Upon becoming entitled to receive Shares at the end of the applicable restriction period without forfeiture, the Participant will have ordinary income in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Shares at that time. However, if the Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code within 30 days of the date of grant, the Participant will have ordinary taxable income on the date of grant equal to the fair market value of the Shares of restricted stock as if the Shares were unrestricted and could be sold immediately. If the Participant forfeits the Shares subject to such election, the Participant will not be entitled to any deduction, refund, or loss for tax purposes. Upon sale of the Shares after the forfeiture period has expired, the holding period to determine whether the Participant has long-term or short-term capital gain or loss begins when the restriction period expires, and the tax basis will be equal to the fair market value of the Shares when the restriction period expires. However, if the Participant timely elects to be taxed as of the date of grant, the holding period commences on the date of grant and the tax basis will be equal to the fair market value of the Shares on the date of grant as if the Shares were then unrestricted and could be sold immediately. 
 
 6. Participant Representations . The Participant hereby represents to the Company that the Participant has read and fully understands the provisions of the Notice, these Terms and the Plan 
 
 5 

and the Participant s decision to participate in the Plan is completely voluntary. Further, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is relying solely on his or her own advisors with respect to the tax consequences of this restricted stock award. 
 
 7. Regulatory Restrictions on the Restricted Shares . Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, the Board shall have the sole discretion to impose such conditions, restrictions and limitations on the issuance of Common Stock with respect to this Award unless and until the Board determines that such issuance complies with (i) any applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act or the Board has determined that an exemption therefrom is available, 
 (ii) any applicable listing requirement of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed, (iii) any applicable Company policy or administrative rules, and (iv) any other applicable provision of state, federal or foreign law, including foreign securities laws where applicable. 
 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Notices . Any notice which either party hereto may be required or permitted to give to the other shall be in writing and may be delivered personally, by intraoffice mail, by fax, by electronic mail or other electronic means, or via a postal service, postage prepaid, to such electronic mail or postal address and directed to such person as the Company may notify the Participant from time to time and to the Participant at the Participant s electronic mail or postal address as shown on the records of the Company from time to time, or at such other electronic mail or postal address as the Participant, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from time to time. 
 
 (b) Waiver . The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 
 
 (c) Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Award are superseded. 
 
 (d) Binding Effect Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and to the extent not prohibited herein, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and as provided above, their respective heirs, successors, assigns and representatives any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities. 
 
 (e) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law, and applicable Federal law. 
 
 (g) Venue . Any arbitration, legal or equitable action or any proceeding arising directly, indirectly, or otherwise in connection with, out of, related to or from the Agreement, or any provision hereof, shall exclusively be filed and adjudicated in Orange County, Florida and no other venue. 
 
 (h) Headings . The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 6 

(i) Conflicts Amendment . The provisions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement in their entirety. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Committee, provided that no amendment may, without the consent of the Participant, materially impair the Participant s rights with respect to the Award. The Committee shall have full authority and discretion, subject only to the terms of the Plan, to decide all matters relating to the administration or interpretation of the Plan, the Award, and the Agreement, and all such action by the Committee shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon the Company and the Participant. 
 
 (j) No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or affect the right of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time. 
 
 (k) Further Assurances . The Participant agrees, upon demand of the Company or the Committee, to do all acts and execute, deliver, and perform all additional documents, instruments and agreements which may be reasonably required by the Company or the Committee, as the case may be, to implement the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 (l) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 7 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 exhibit211subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 IZEA Canada, Inc. Ontario, Canada Corporation 100 owned 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit231bdoconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 Orlando, Florida 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on (i) Post-Effective Amendment Number 3 on Form S-1 (File No. 333-195081), (ii) Post-Effective Amendment Number 2 on Form S-1 (File No. 333-197482), (iii) Form S-8 (File No. 333-196511, 333-219407, 333-229304, 333-252020, and 333-235677), and (iv) Form S-3 (File No. 333-256078) of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Orlando, Florida 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 8
 grantthorntonconsent.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. on (i) Post-Effective Amendment Number 3 on Form S-1 (File No. 333-195081), (ii) Post-Effective Amendment Number 3 on Form S-1 (File No. 333-191743), (iii) Post-Effective Amendment Number 2 on Form S-1 (File No. 333-197482), (iv) Forms S-8 (File No. 333-196511, File No. 333-219407, File No. 333-229304, File No. 333-235677, and File No. 333-252020), (viii) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-238619). 

Charlotte, North Carolina 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 izea221231ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Edward H. Murphy, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 31, 2023 

s Edward H. Murphy Edward H. Murphy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 izea221231ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Peter J. Biere, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 31, 2023 

s Peter J. Biere Peter J. Biere Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 izea221231ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of IZEA Worldwide, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Edward Murphy, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 31, 2023 

s Edward H. Murphy Edward H. Murphy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 izea221231ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of IZEA Worldwide, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter J. Biere, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 31, 2023 

s Peter J. Biere Peter J. Biere Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 izea-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 izea-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 izea-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 izea-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 izea-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

