<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1833756_0001628280-23-009545.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15484591</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>546850</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2502931</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6017425</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3268547</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2831746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-009545.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328163607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-009545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		151
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Leonardo DRS, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001833756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVIGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS [3812]
		IRS NUMBER:				132632319
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41565
		FILM NUMBER:		23770080

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2345 CRYSTAL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703) 416-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2345 CRYSTAL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-009545.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 drs-20221231.htm
 10-K

drs-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 Form ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and an "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The registrant had publicly traded common equity securities as of June 30, 2022 and therefore it cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. 
 
 As of March 27, 2023, there were million shares of the registrant s common stock, par value of 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Page Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. Properties 
 46 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 
 Supplementary Item - Information about our Executive Officers 
 50 
 PART II Item 5. Market for the Company's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 Item 6. Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data 
 55 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure of Market Risks 
 87 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 89 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 144 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 144 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 145 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction and Prevents Inspections 
 145 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 145 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 147 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 148 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 149 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 149 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 150 
 Signatures 
 153 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), when using the terms the Company , DRS , we , us and our, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, we are referring to Leonardo DRS, Inc. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements and cautionary statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as believes, expects, may, will, shall, should, would, could, seeks, aims, strives, targets, projects, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report and include, without limitation, statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, assumptions or current expectations concerning, among other things, financial goals, financial position, results of operations, cash flows, prospects, strategies or expectations, and the impact of prevailing economic conditions. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be beyond our control. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes and that actual performance and outcomes may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. In addition, even if future performance and outcomes are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. New factors emerge from time to time that may cause our business not to develop as we expect, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. Factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ from those reflected in forward-looking statements include, without limitation: 
 Disruptions or deteriorations in our relationship with the relevant agencies of the U.S. government, as well as any failure to pass routine audits or otherwise comply with governmental requirements including those related to security clearance or procurement rules, including the False Claims Act; 
 Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and changes in U.S. government priorities and spending levels more broadly; 
 Any failure to comply with the proxy agreement with the U.S. Department of Defense (the DoD 
 Failure to properly contain a global pandemic in a timely manner could materially affect how we and our business partners operate; 
 The effect of inflation on our supply chain and/or our labor costs; 
 Our mix of fixed-price, cost-plus and time-and-material type contracts and any resulting impact on our cash flows due to cost overruns; 
 Failure to properly comply with various covenants of the agreements governing our debt could negatively impact our business; 
 Our dependence on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded and are subject to immediate termination, some of which are classified, and the concentration of our customer base in the U.S. defense industry; 
 Our use of estimates in pricing and accounting for many of our programs that are inherently uncertain and which may not prove to be accurate; 
 Our ability to realize the full value of our backlog; 
 ii 

Our ability to predict future capital needs or to obtain additional financing if we need it; 
 Our ability to respond to the rapid technological changes in the markets in which we compete; 
 The effect of global and regional economic downturns and rising interest rates; 
 Our ability to meet the requirements of being a public company; 
 Our ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting; 
 Our inability to appropriately manage our inventory; 
 Our inability to fully realize the value of our total estimated contract value or bookings; 
 Our ability to compete efficiently, including due to U.S. government organizational conflict of interest rules which may limit new contract opportunities or require us to wind down existing contracts; 
 Our relationships with other industry participants, including any contractual disputes or the inability of our key suppliers to timely deliver our components, parts or services; 
 Preferences for set-asides for minority-owned, small and small disadvantaged businesses could impact our ability to be a prime contractor; 
 Any failure to meet our contractual obligations including due to potential impacts to our business from supply chain risks, such as longer lead times and shortages of electronics and other components; 
 Any security breach, including any cyber-attack, cyber intrusion, insider threat, or other significant disruption of our IT networks and related systems as well as any act of terrorism or other threat to our physical security and personnel; 
 Our ability to fully exploit or obtain patents or other intellectual property protections necessary to secure our proprietary technology, including our ability to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property of third parties or prevent third parties from infringing upon our own intellectual property; 
 The conduct of our employees, agents, affiliates, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate which may impact our reputation and ability to do business; 
 Our compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and any environmental liabilities that may affect our reputation or financial position; 
 The outcome of litigation, arbitration, investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and other legal proceedings in which we are involved; 
 Various geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR ), the Export Administration Regulations EAR ), and those that we are exposed to as a result of our international business; 
 Our ability to obtain export licenses necessary to conduct certain operations abroad, including any attempts by Congress to prevent proposed sales to certain foreign governments; 
 Our ability to attract and retain technical and other key personnel; 
 The occurrence of prolonged work stoppages; 
 The unavailability or inadequacy of our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections to cover all of our significant risks or to pay for material losses we incur; 
 Future changes in U.S. tax laws and regulations or interpretations thereof; 
 iii 

Certain limitations on our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income; 
 Termination of our leases or our inability to renew our leases on acceptable terms; 
 Changes in estimates used in accounting for our pension plans, including in respect of the funding status thereof; 
 Changes in future business or other market conditions that could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill or other long-term assets to become impaired; 
 Adverse consequences from any acquisitions such as operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences or any modification, delay or prevention of any future acquisition or investment activity by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS 
 Natural disasters or other significant disruptions; or 
 Any conflict of interest that may arise because Leonardo US Holding, LLC US Holding ), our majority stockholder, or Leonardo S.p.A., our ultimate majority stockholder, may have interests that are different from, or conflict with, those of our other stockholders, including as a result of any ongoing business relationships Leonardo S.p.A. may have with us, and their significant ownership in us may discourage change of control transactions (our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we waive any interest or expectancy in corporate opportunities presented to Leonardo S.p.A); or 
 Our obligations to provide certain services to Leonardo S.p.A., which may divert human and financial resources from our business. 
 You should read this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from expectations. All forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report are qualified by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this filing, and we do not undertake any obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, and changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. 
 Other risks, uncertainties and factors, including those discussed below under Risk Factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. Readers should read carefully the discussion of these factors to better understand the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business and underlying any forward-looking statements. 

PART I 
 iv 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Leonardo DRS, Inc. provides advanced defense technology to U.S. national security customers and allies around the world. We specialize in the design, development and manufacture of advanced sensing, network computing, force protection as well as electric power and propulsion. Our innovative spirit and agility, together with our established market position in these areas have created a foundational and diverse base of programs across the DoD. We believe DRS is well positioned to not only support our customers in today s mission but to also provide more autonomous, dynamic, interconnected, and multi-domain capabilities to defend against evolving and emerging threats. We view enhancement of capabilities in sensing, computing, self-protection and power as necessary to enable the strategic priorities of the DoD and our other customers. 
 DRS benefits from an over 50-year legacy in providing innovative and differentiated products and solutions for defense applications. From our earliest offerings to today s best-in-class products including naval propulsion, electro-optical sensors and electronic warfare systems, we have continually developed advanced technologies to address complex national security challenges. We continue to target our investments toward high growth areas of the U.S. defense budget. Our diverse technologies, systems and solutions are used across land, air, sea, space and cyber domains on a wide range of platforms for the DoD and the defense agencies of our international allies. Across the spectrum of multi-domain operations, we believe our core capabilities will help the U.S. and its allies maintain a strategic advantage over their adversaries. 
 Our Company consists of eight business units which are organized as two operating segments: Advanced Sensing and Computing and Integrated Mission Systems. For information regarding segment performance see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. 
 Advanced Sensing and Computing 
 Our Advanced Sensing and Computing ASC segment designs, develops and manufactures sensing and network computing technology that enables real-time situational awareness required for enhanced operational decision making and execution by our customers. 
 Our sensing capabilities span numerous applications, including missions requiring advanced detection, precision targeting and surveillance sensing, long range electro-optic/infrared EO/IR ), signals intelligence SIGINT and other intelligence systems, electronic warfare EW ), ground vehicle sensing, next generation active electronically scanned array AESA tactical radars, dismounted soldier sensing and space sensing. Across our offerings, we are focused on advancing sensor distance and enhancing the precision, clarity, definition, spectral depth and effectiveness of our sensors. We also seek to leverage the knowledge and expertise built through our decades of experience to optimize size, weight, power and cost for our customers specific mission requirements. 
 Our sensing capabilities are complemented by our rugged, trusted and cyber resilient network computing products. Our network computing offerings are utilized across a broad range of mission applications including platform computing on ground and shipboard (both surface ship and submarine) for advanced battle management, combat systems, radar, command and control C2 ), tactical networks, tactical computing and communications. These products help support the DoD s need for greater situational understanding at the tactical edge by rapidly transmitting data securely between command centers and forward-positioned defense assets and personnel. 
 Integrated Mission Systems 
 Our Integrated Mission Systems IMS segment designs, develops, manufactures and integrates power conversion, control and distribution systems, ship propulsion systems, motors and variable 
 1 

frequency drives, force protection systems, and transportation and logistics systems for the U.S. military and allied defense customers. 
 DRS is currently a leading provider of next-generation electrical propulsion systems for the U.S. Navy. We provide power conversion, control, distribution and propulsion systems for the Navy s top priority shipbuilding programs, including the Columbia Class ballistic missile submarine, the first modern U.S. electric drive submarine. 
 We believe DRS is well positioned to meet the needs of an increasingly electrified fleet with our high-efficiency, power dense permanent magnet motors, energy storage systems and associated efficient, rugged and compact power conversion, electrical actuation systems, and advanced cooling technologies. 
 DRS has a long history of providing a number of other critical products to the U.S. Navy with a significant installed base on submarines, aircraft carriers and other surface ships including motor controllers, instrumentation and control equipment, electrical actuation systems, and thermal management systems for electronics and ship stores refrigeration. 
 DRS is also an integrator of complex systems in ground vehicles for short-range air defense, counter-unmanned aerial systems C-UAS ), and vehicle survivability and protection. Our short-range air defense systems integrate EW equipment, reconnaissance and surveillance systems, modular combat vehicle turrets, and stabilized sensor suites, as well as kinetic countermeasures to protect against evolving threats. Our force protection systems, including solutions for C-UAS and active protection systems on army vehicles help protect personnel and defense assets from enemy combatants. 
 U.S. Defense Market Trends 
 The DoD budget is the largest defense budget in the world. 
 The U.S. President s government fiscal year 2024 budget request included 842 billion for national defense programs, which marks continued growth from prior years. The most recent National Defense Strategy and annual defense budget request continue to prioritize a strategic focus on countering and deterring threats from near-peer adversaries. We believe that the level and growth of the defense budget as well as strategic priorities requiring more advanced and sophisticated defense technology capabilities create a favorable market environment for DRS. 
 Customers 
 The U.S. government is our largest customer. Revenues derived directly or indirectly from the U.S. government represent 84 , 86 and 84 of our total revenue for full year 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our U.S. government sales are concentrated with the DoD, which constitutes the majority of our U.S. government revenue for any given year, including the entirety of our government sales in 2022. Our revenues with the DoD span the Army, Navy, Air Force and other DoD agencies which represent 37 , 32 , 5 and 10 , respectively, of our total revenue for 2022. 
 The remaining 16 of our revenues for 2022, were derived from sales to foreign governments as well as commercial type sales within the U.S. and abroad. Our international sales consist primarily of transactions with foreign governments for defense applications. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and we compete with a variety of companies in the defense market including divisions of the large defense primes, mid-tier and smaller defense companies as well as certain non-traditional companies. To gain new business, we also often team with, are supplier to, or find other ways to work with other market participants. Our products are sold in markets in which several of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, enabling them to devote greater resources to research and development. The principal competitive factors evaluated by customers in our markets 
 2 

include product performance, cost, overall value, delivery schedule, embedded positions, past performance, innovation and reputation. 
 Contracts 
 As a mid-tier defense company with a diverse portfolio of technology that includes offerings at the system, sub-system and component level, we approach each market opportunity with the flexibility and agility to provide the most value to our customers. We serve as either prime contractor or a subcontractor on key contracts based on the competitive dynamics of each opportunity. We determine our prime versus subcontract position based on our competitive position, likelihood of contract win and overall profit contribution. For 2022 our revenue consisted of 41 as a prime contractor direct with the government and 59 as a subcontractor. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from long-term programs and programs for which we are the incumbent supplier or have been the sole or dual supplier for many years. A significant percentage of our revenue is derived from programs that are in the production phase. 
 While the majority of our revenue is derived from the U.S. government, we have a diverse business mix within the U.S. government funding and limited dependence on any single contract. Currently no single contract or platform represented more than 10 of our revenues for the 2022, 2021, and 2020 years. 
 The amount of our revenues attributable to our contracts by contract type during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows: December 31, 
 in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Firm fixed price 2,347 2,498 2,408 Flexibly priced (a) 
 346 381 370 (a) Includes revenue derived from cost type and time and materials contracts. 
 Typically we enter into three types of contracts: fixed price contracts, cost-plus contracts and time and material T M contracts (cost-plus contracts and T M contracts are aggregated above as flexibly priced contracts). Our contracts are normally for production, services or development. Production contracts are typically the fixed-price type, development contracts are sometimes of the cost-plus-type, and service contracts are sometimes the T M type. We believe continued predominance of fixed-price contracts is reflective of the significant portion of production contracts in our U.S. government contract portfolio. 
 Fixed-price contracts may provide for a fixed price or they may be fixed-price-incentive-fee contracts. Under fixed-price contracts, we agree to perform for an agreed-upon price. Accordingly, we derive benefits from cost savings, but bear the risk of cost overruns. Under fixed-price-incentive-fee contracts, if actual costs incurred in the performance of the contracts are less than estimated costs for the contracts the savings are apportioned between the customer and us. If actual costs under such a contract exceed estimated costs, however, excess costs are apportioned between the customer and us, up to a ceiling. We bear all costs that exceed the ceiling, if any. 
 Cost-type contracts include cost plus fixed fee, cost plus award fee and cost plus incentive fee contracts. Cost-type contracts generally provide for reimbursement of a contractor s allowable costs incurred plus fee. As a result, cost-type contracts have less financial risk associated with unanticipated cost growth but generally provide lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. Cost-type contracts typically require that the contractor use its best efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within some specified time and stated dollar limitation. Fees on cost-type contracts can be fixed in terms of dollar value or can be variable due to award and incentive fees, which are generally based on performance 
 3 

criteria such as cost, schedule, quality and/or technical performance. Award fees are determined and earned based on customer evaluation of the Company s performance against contractual criteria. Incentive fees are generally based on cost or schedule and provide for an initially negotiated fee to be adjusted later, based on the relationship of total allowable costs to total target costs or as schedule milestones are met. Award and incentive fees are included in total estimated sales to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. We estimate variable consideration as the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled. 
 Time-and-material type contracts provide for reimbursement of labor hours expended at a contractual fixed labor rate per hour, plus the actual costs of material and other direct non-labor costs. The fixed labor rates on time-and-material type contracts include amounts for the cost of direct labor, indirect contract costs and profit. 
 Backlog 
 Our total backlog consists of funded and unfunded amounts. Funded backlog represents the revenue value of orders for services under existing contracts for which funding is appropriated or otherwise authorized less revenue previously recognized on these contracts. Unfunded backlog represents the revenue value of firm orders for products and services under existing contracts for which funding has not been obligated less funding previously recognized on these contracts. 
 December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Backlog: Funded (1) 
 2,783 2,510 2,847 Unfunded (1) 
 1,486 351 444 Total backlog (1) 
 4,269 2,861 3,291 
 ________________ 
 (1) See Part I Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We may not realize the full value of our total estimated contract value or bookings, including as a result of reduction of funding or cancellation of our U.S. government contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in this Annual Report. 
 Materials, Manufacturing and Suppliers 
 Our manufacturing processes for our products include the assembly of purchased components and subsystems and testing of products at various stages in the assembly process. Although materials and purchased components generally are available from a number of different suppliers, several suppliers serve as the sole source of certain components. If a supplier should cease to deliver such components, generally we would expect that other sources would be available; however, added cost and manufacturing delays might result. We have experienced delays attributable to supply shortages and quality and other related problems with respect to certain components. 
 Effective management and oversight of suppliers and subcontractors is an important element of our successful performance. If our sources of supply are disrupted, particularly in instances where we rely on only one or two sources of supply, our ability to meet our customer commitments could be adversely impacted. We attempt to mitigate risks with our suppliers by entering into long-term agreements and leveraging company-wide agreements to achieve economies of scale and by negotiating flexible pricing terms in our customer contracts. Revenue, profit and cash flows have been, and will continue to be, adversely impacted by supply chain disruptions. 
 
 Research and Development 
 4 

We conduct research and development R D activities using our own funds (referred to as company-funded R D or independent research and development IR D )) and under contractual arrangements with our customers (referred to as customer-funded R D) to enhance existing products and services and to develop future technologies. R D costs include basic research, applied research, concept formulation studies, design, development, and related test activities. IR D costs are allocated to customer contracts as part of the general and administrative overhead costs and generally recoverable on our customer contracts with the U.S. Government. Customer-funded R D costs are charged directly to the related customer contract. Substantially all R D costs are charged to cost of revenues as incurred. Company-funded R D costs charged to cost of revenues totaled 58 million, 48 million and 41 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe our intellectual property portfolio is valuable to our operations. We have patents on certain of our technologies and methods, semiconductor devices, rugged computer-related items and electro-optical and infrared focal plane array products, in addition to other technologies and methods. We and our subsidiaries have certain registered trademarks, none of which are considered material to our current operations. We also hold certain trade secrets without formal patent filings when we deem it most appropriate to do so, including in order to protect them from disclosure. We do not believe that the conduct of our business as a whole is materially dependent on any single patent, trade secret, trademark or copyright. 
 When we work on U.S. government contracts or use funding of the U.S. government, the U.S. government may have contractual rights to data for our technologies, source code and other developments associated with such government contracts. Records of our data rights are typically maintained in order to claim these rights as our proprietary technology, but it may not always be possible to delineate our proprietary developments from those developed under U.S. government contracts. The protection of our data from use by the U.S. government, including its ability to allow its use by other U.S. government contractors, is subject to negotiation from time to time between us and the U.S. government. The extent of the U.S. government s data rights to any particular product generally depends upon whether the product was developed under a government contract and the degree of government funding for the development of such product. While we may retain rights over any technology, product or intellectual property that we develop under U.S. government contracts or using funding of the U.S. government, this requires us to have sufficient contracting leverage and to take timely affirmative measures to preserve our right. 
 Human Capital 
 Our performance is dependent on our highly educated and highly skilled workforce. We had approximately 6,400 employees on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 451 (or 7) of our employees were represented by labor unions. We strive to maintain a culture that fosters and rewards growth, problem-solving, technology development and process improvements. Our engineers work on programs in advanced fields, including sensing, electro-optical infrared systems, laser systems, network computing, communications systems, integration and power propulsion. A portion of our employees also maintain security clearances to allow engineers and management to carry on business activities for our customers classified programs. 
 Our people are all committed to upholding the core values of the Company including integrity, operational excellence, customer focus, diversity, equity inclusion and innovation. Our commitment to ethical business practices is outlined in our Code of Ethics Business conduct (the Code ). The Code applies to all employees and establishes our expectations for appropriate business conduct is a variety of scenarios. Once a year, all employees must confirm their commitment to our ethics program by providing confirmation they will adhere to the Code. 
 5 

We recognize that our success as a Company depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain a qualified workforce with an emphasis on a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion. As such, we promote the health, welfare and safety of our employees and seek to treat all employees with dignity and respect and provide fair, market-based, competitive and equitable compensation. We strive to recognize and reward the performance of our employees and to provide a comprehensive suite of benefit options that enables our employees and their dependents to live healthy and productive lives. 
 Safety in our workplaces is paramount. Across our businesses, we take measures to prevent workplace hazards, encourage safe behaviors and enforce a culture of continuous improvement to ensure our processes help reduce incidents and illnesses and comply with governing health and safety laws. 
 Our strong commitment to diversity, inclusion, succession planning and training includes our Diversity Advisory Group geared at improving diversity and inclusiveness so that we look like the communities in which we operate. We have targeted increases in minority hiring and expanding women in the workforce. 
 Our values motivate us to promote strong workplace practices with opportunities for development and training. Our training and development efforts focus on ensuring that the workforce is appropriately trained on critical job skills as well as leadership behaviors that are consistent with our core values. We conduct rigorous succession planning exercises to ensure that key positions have the appropriate level of bench strength to provide for future key positions and leadership transitions. We listen to our workforce to assess areas of concern and levels of engagement. 
 Joint Ventures, Strategic Investments and Mergers and Acquisitions 
 On June 21, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with RADA Electronic Industries Ltd. RADA ), a leading provider of advanced software-defined military tactical radars, to merge and become a combined public company. On November 28, 2022 the merger was completed and RADA became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Leonardo DRS. As a result of the merger, we now hold an approximately 12 interest in RadSee Technologies Ltd. an early-stage radar technology company organized in Israel. 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Global Enterprise Solutions business to SES Government Solutions, Inc. The transaction was completed on August 1, 2022 and resulted in net cash proceeds of 427 million after net working capital adjustments. 
 On April 19, 2022 we entered into a definitive sales agreement to divest our share of our current equity investment in Advanced Acoustic Concepts LLC to Thales Defense Security, Inc. (TDSI), the minority partner in this joint venture. The transaction was completed on July 8, 2022 and resulted in proceeds of 56 million. 
 We also hold an approximately 10 interest in Hoverfly Technologies, Inc. Hoverfly ), which designs, develops and manufactures power-tethered unmanned aerial systems and related products. We are also party to an exclusive manufacturing and teaming agreement with Hoverfly. 
 Seasonality 
 We do not consider any material portion of our business to be seasonal. However, a significant portion of our revenue, profit and cash flows are generated in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. Various factors can affect the distribution of our revenues, profits and cash flows between accounting periods, including the U.S. federal government s budget cycle based on its October-to-September fiscal year (which can lead to customers making orders in the weeks and days leading up to September 30 to avoid the loss of expiring and unobligated funds), the timing of government awards, the availability of government funding, the timing of costs incurred (including when materials are received), product deliveries and customer acceptance. 
 6 

Product Warranties 
 Product warranty costs generally are accrued in proportion to product revenue realized in conjunction with our over-time revenue recognition policy. Product warranty expense is recognized based on the term of the product warranty, generally one to three years, and the related estimated costs, considering historical claims expense. Accrued warranty costs are reduced as these costs are incurred and as the warranty period expires, and otherwise may be modified as specific product performance issues are identified and resolved. 
 Legislation and Regulation 
 As a U.S. government contractor, we (and our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other specific legal requirements. These regulations and other requirements increase our performance and compliance costs and risks and regularly evolve. New laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, regulations related to cybersecurity, privacy, recovery of employee compensation costs, counterfeit parts, anti-human trafficking, specialty metals and conflict minerals) can significantly increase our costs and risks and reduce our profitability. If we fail to comply with procurement regulations or other requirements we may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties and/or administrative sanctions, which may include termination or modification of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We are subject to a number of procurement, international trade, and other rules regulations and requirements related to our industry, our products, and the businesses we operate. If we fail to comply with such rules, regulations or other requirements we may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties and/or administrative sanctions in this Annual Report. 
 We (again, including our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) also are subject to, and expected to perform in compliance with, a vast array of federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and requirements related to our industry, our products and the businesses we operate. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to the Anti-Kickback Act, the Arms Export Control Act, including the ITAR, the Communications Act, the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations, the Export Control Reform Act, including the EAR (which includes anti-boycott provisions), the False Claims Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the FCPA, the Lobbying Disclosure Act, the Procurement Integrity Act, the Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act, the Foreign Trade Regulations, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, and Executive Orders and regulations, administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as rules and regulations administered by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. If we are found to have violated such requirements, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts; contract modifications or termination; the withholding of payments from our customer; the loss of export privileges; administrative or civil judgments and liabilities; criminal judgments or convictions, liabilities and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements; other sanctions; the assessment of penalties, fines, or compensatory, treble or other damages or non-monetary relief or actions; or suspension or debarment. 
 Our operations include the use, generation and disposal of hazardous materials. We are subject to various U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. See Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, and our ongoing operations may expose us to environmental liabilities affecting our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations in this Annual Report. Except as described in Note 18: Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we believe that we have been and are in material compliance with environmental laws and regulations and that we have no liabilities under environmental requirements that 
 7 

would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. It is possible, however, that the ultimate resolution of the matters discussed under Note 18: Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular reporting period, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Governance Structure 
 As a U.S. defense contractor with high level personnel and facility security clearances, DRS, our immediate majority stockholder US Holding, LLC and our ultimate majority stockholder Leonardo S.p.A. have entered into a proxy agreement with the DoD to mitigate against the potential for undue foreign ownership control and influence FOCI on the performance of classified programs by implementing various limitations on US Holding s and Leonardo S.p.A. s rights as the direct foreign majority stockholder of DRS, respectively. Specifically, US Holding has authorized certain cleared U.S. persons to operate as its proxies and exercise the key prerogatives of stock ownership. We are currently operating under an interim proxy agreement while we seek to enter into a new proxy agreement with the DoD. The proxy agreement requires that DRS have the financial and operational ability to operate as an independent entity under an independent Board, subject to certain limited, enumerated consent rights of the majority stockholder (including material mergers and acquisitions and incurrence of debt). See Part I Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Ownership and Status under the Proxy Agreement We operate under a proxy agreement with the DoD that regulates significant areas of our governance. If we fail to comply with the proxy agreement our classified U.S. government contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in this Annual Report. 
 At all times subject to the proxy agreement, on November 28, 2022 the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement as well as a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with Leonardo S.p.A and US Holding. The Registration Rights Agreement, among other things, provides Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliated entities with customary demand, shelf and piggy-back registration rights to facilitate a public offering of the Company Common Stock held by US Holding. The Cooperation Agreement, among other things, (a) Leonardo S.p.A. has certain consent, access and cooperation rights, (b) US Holding has certain consent rights with respect to actions taken by the Company and its subsidiaries, including with respect to the creation or issuance of any new classes or series of stock (subject to customary exceptions), listing or delisting from any securities exchange, and making material changes to the Company s accounting policies and changing the Company s auditor, and (c) neither US Holding nor Leonardo S.p.A. has the ability to transfer any Company voting securities for a period of six months following the merger with RADA, except in connection with a change in control of the Company or for transfers to affiliates. 
 Our Ultimate Majority Stockholder 
 Leonardo S.p.A., a global high-technology company, is a leading global Aerospace, Defense and Security company and Italy s main industrial company. Organized into five business Sectors, Leonardo S.p.A. has a significant industrial presence in Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany, Poland, Switzerland and the USA, where it operates through subsidiaries, joint ventures and partnerships as: GIE ATR, MBDA, Telespazio, Thales Alenia Space, Hensoldt AG and other minor entities. Leonardo S.p.A. competes in the most important international markets by leveraging its areas of technological and product leadership (Helicopters, Defense Electronics Security, Aircraft, Aerostructures and Space). Listed on the Milan Stock Exchange (under the trading symbol LDO ), in 2022 Leonardo S.p.A. recorded consolidated revenues of 14.7 billion and invested 2.0 billion in R D. The group has been part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index DJSI since 2010 and was again named as sustainability global leader in the Aerospace Defense sector of DJSI in 2022. 
 Available Information 
 8 

We file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information. Our website is https://www.leonardodrs.com. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, when evaluating our business. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us, and are not necessarily presented in the order of importance. The list of summary risk factors below should be read in conjunction with the remainder of this Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In any such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 We depend on U.S. defense spending for the vast majority of our revenues. Disruptions or deteriorations in our relationships with the relevant customer agencies of the U.S. government could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and changes in U.S. government priorities and spending levels more broadly may negatively impact our business and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are substantially affected by our mix of fixed-price, cost-plus and time-and-material type contracts. In particular, fixed-price contracts subject us to the risk of loss in the event of cost overruns or higher than anticipated inflation. 
 We are subject to the U.S. government s requirements, including the DoD s National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual, for our facility security clearances, which are prerequisites to our ability to perform on classified contracts for the U.S. government. 
 We depend on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded and are subject to immediate termination. The termination or failure to fund one or more of these contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. government and its agencies. 
 We are subject to a number of procurement, international trade, and other rules, regulations and requirements related to our industry, our products, and the businesses we operate. If we fail to comply with such rules, regulations or other requirements we may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties and/or administrative sanctions. 
 9 

The U.S. government s organizational conflict of interest rules could limit our ability to successfully compete for new contracts or may require us to exit or wind down certain existing contracts, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The U.S. government has and may continue to implement initiatives focused on efficiencies, affordability and cost growth as well as other changes to its procurement practices. 
 We use estimates in pricing and accounting for many of our programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not realize the full value of our total estimated contract value or bookings, including as a result of reduction of funding or cancellation of our U.S. government contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business may be harmed if we are unable to appropriately manage our inventory. 
 Our working capital requirements and cash flows are extremely variable and subject to fluctuation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We cannot predict future capital needs, the sufficiency of our current financing or our ability to obtain additional financing if we need it. 
 We cannot predict the effect of global and regional economic downturns and rising interest rates on our business. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. 
 As a public company we must maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting. 
 The agreements governing our debt may contain various covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions and also require us to meet financial maintenance tests, and failure to comply with these covenants could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 To service indebtedness and fund other cash needs, we will require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 We face intense competition and may suffer losses if we fail to compete efficiently. 
 Preferences or set-asides for minority-owned, small and small disadvantaged businesses could impact our ability to be a prime contractor and limit our opportunity to work as a subcontractor on certain governmental procurements. 
 We depend in part upon our relationships and alliances with industry participants in order to generate revenue, which involves risks and uncertainties. 
 Contractual disputes with industry participants or the inability of our key suppliers to timely deliver our components, parts or services, could cause our products, systems or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner. 
 We are susceptible to a security breach, through cyber-attack, cyber intrusion, insider threats or otherwise, and to other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems or of those we operate for our customers. 
 We may be at greater risk from terrorism and other threats to our physical security and personnel, than other companies. 
 Our future success will depend on our ability to respond to the rapid technological changes in the markets in which we compete, our ability to introduce new or enhanced products and to enter into new markets. 
 Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. Failure to meet our contractual obligations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and future prospects. 
 We may not be able to fully exploit or obtain patents or other intellectual property protections necessary to secure our proprietary technology. 
 Third parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and third parties may infringe upon our intellectual property rights. 
 10 

We remain subject to reputational and other risks as a result of the conviction of the chief executive officer of Leonardo S.p.A., our ultimate majority stockholder, on charges of false statements and market manipulation related to his previous role as chairman of the Italian banking entity, Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena. 
 Our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents, affiliates, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, and our ongoing operations may expose us to environmental liabilities affecting our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by climate change regulations. 
 The outcome of litigation, arbitration, investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and other legal proceedings in which we are involved from time to time is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining the export licenses necessary to conduct certain operations abroad, and Congress may prevent proposed sales to certain foreign governments. 
 A failure to attract and retain technical and other key personnel could reduce our revenues and our operational effectiveness. 
 Our business could be harmed in the event of a prolonged work stoppage. 
 Our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have unfunded obligations under our pension plans, and we use estimates in accounting for our pension plans and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes to financial accounting standards may affect our results of operations and cause us to change our business practices. 
 Changes in future business or other market conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill or other long-term assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 We could be liable for certain tax liabilities, including tax liabilities of US Holding and its subsidiaries, under tax law and the tax allocation agreement. 
 Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences. 
 Failure to properly contain a global pandemic in a timely manner could materially affect how we and our business partners are operating. 
 We have significant operations in locations that could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a natural disaster or other significant disruption. 
 Our leases may be terminated or we may be unable to renew our leases on acceptable terms and if we wish to relocate, we may incur additional costs if we terminate a lease. 
 We cannot predict the consequences of future geopolitical events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate, our ability to insure against risk, our operations or our results of operations. 
 We operate under a proxy agreement with the DoD that regulates significant areas of our governance. If we fail to comply with the proxy agreement our classified U.S. government contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 11 

CFIUS may modify, delay or prevent our future acquisition or investment activities. 
 Our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A., may have interests that are different from, or conflict with, those of our other stockholders, and their significant ownership in us may discourage change of control transactions. We also have ongoing obligations in favor of Leonardo S.p.A. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we waive any interest or expectancy in corporate opportunities presented to Leonardo S.p.A. 
 We are legally bound to provide certain services to Leonardo S.p.A., which may divert human and financial resources from our business, and to rely on the provision of certain services from Leonardo S.p.A., which we may be unable to replicate should the need arise. 
 Some of our contracts with the U.S. government are classified, which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We depend on U.S. defense spending for the vast majority of our revenues. Disruptions or deteriorations in our relationships with the relevant agencies of the U.S. government could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on revenues from contracts and subcontracts with the U.S. government, including defense-related programs with the DoD and a broad range of programs with all branches of the U.S. military. Revenues derived directly or indirectly from contracts with the U.S. government represented approximately 84 , 86 and 84 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, with revenues principally derived directly or indirectly from contracts with the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy, which represented 37 and 32 , respectively, of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Because our customer base is concentrated within the U.S. defense industry, any disruption or deterioration in our relationship with the U.S. government and its prime contractors, or any change in the U.S. government s willingness to commit substantial resources to the continued purchase of our products, could significantly reduce our revenues and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and changes in U.S. government priorities and spending levels more broadly may negatively impact our business and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The availability of U.S. government funding for significant programs in which we participate may be impacted by a number of factors beyond our control including the overall federal budget, changes in spending priorities and defense spending levels, sequestration, the appropriations process, use of continuing resolutions (with restrictions, e.g., on starting new programs) and the permissible level of federal debt. These factors may also delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. In the event government funding for significant programs in which we participate becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, our contract or subcontract under such programs may be terminated or adjusted by the U.S. government or the prime contractor. U.S. government priorities and spending levels have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate over time. We cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on, replacement or future programs from potential changes in priorities whether due to changes in defense spending levels, the threat environment, procurement strategy, military strategy and planning and/or changes in social, economic or political priorities. As the DoD budget represents the largest part of the federal discretionary budget, it is possible that the various legislative actions might exert downward pressure on defense spending, as well as other non-defense discretionary outlays. The U.S. government may also delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitive bidding processes, procurements and programs, as well as change its acquisition strategy. A significant shift in government priorities, programs or acquisition strategies could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 12 

Considerable uncertainty exists regarding future budget and program decisions, including U.S. defense spending priorities, what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry, whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will be enacted for U.S. government fiscal year 2022 and thereafter, and how the Biden administration will approach those decisions through the budgeting process. The U.S. government s budget deficit and the national debt could significantly affect government budgeting priorities and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in a number of ways, including the following: 
 the U.S. government could reduce or delay its spending on, or reprioritize its spending away from, defense programs in which we participate; 
 U.S. defense spending could be impacted by alternate arrangements to sequestration, which increases the uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in predicting, U.S. government spending priorities and levels; 
 we may experience reduced or delayed orders or payments or other responses to economic difficulties experienced by our customers and prospective customers, including U.S. Federal, state and local governments; and 
 the U.S. government could reduce the outsourcing of functions that we are currently contracted to provide, including as a result of increased insourcing by various U.S. government agencies due to changes in the definition of inherently governmental work, such as proposals to limit contractor access to sensitive or classified information and work assignments. 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are substantially affected by our mix of fixed-price, cost-plus and time-and-material type contracts. In particular, fixed-price contracts subject us to the risk of loss in the event of cost overruns or higher than anticipated inflation. 
 We generate revenue through various fixed-price, cost-plus and time-and-material contracts. For a general description of our U.S. government contracts and subcontracts, including a discussion of revenue generated thereunder and of cost-reimbursable versus fixed-price contracts please see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, approximately 87 , 87 and 87 , respectively, of our revenue was derived from fixed-price contracts. We assume financial risk on fixed-price contracts due to the risk of potential cost overruns, particularly for firm fixed-price contracts in which we assume all of the cost burden. Our failure to anticipate risks or technical problems, estimate costs accurately or control costs during performance will reduce our profit or cause a loss on these contracts. U.S. government contracts can expose us to potentially large losses because the U.S. government can hold us responsible for completing a project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of its replacement by another provider regardless of the size or foresee ability of any cost overruns that occur over the life of the contract. Because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, engineering or development challenges, fluctuations in raw materials prices, higher than expected inflation, increased labor costs, problems with our suppliers and cost overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. Furthermore, if we do not meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages or suffer significant losses if the customer terminates our contract. In addition, some of our contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts, we may not realize their full benefits. For further information, see We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. government and its agencies. Our results of operations depend on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts. Cost overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 13 

We are subject to the U.S. government s requirements, including the DoD s National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual, for our facility security clearances, which are prerequisites to our ability to perform on classified contracts for the U.S. government. 
 We require a facility security clearance to perform on classified contracts for the DoD and certain other agencies of the U.S. government. Security clearances are subject to regulations and requirements including, among others, the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (the NISPOM ), which specifies the requirements for the protection of classified information released or disclosed in connection with classified U.S. government contracts. The Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency (the DCSA manages the facility clearance process under the NISPOM and conducts various facility audits and inspections throughout the lifecycle of a respective facility clearance. 
 We require certain facility and personnel security clearances to perform our classified U.S. government business. Any facility not audit ready, not staffed by appropriately cleared personnel, and/or that fails a routine inspection places that contract in jeopardy. As such, we must comply with the requirements of the NISPOM and other applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations, including extensive requirements related to cybersecurity. If we were to violate the terms and requirements of the NISPOM or such industrial security regulations (which apply to us under the terms of classified contracts), or if one or more of our facility or personnel security clearances is invalidated or terminated, we may not be able to continue to perform our existing classified contracts and may not be able to enter into new classified contracts, which could adversely affect our revenues. Failure to comply with the NISPOM or other security requirements may result in loss of access to classified information and subject us to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, the NISPOM requires that a corporation maintaining a facility security clearance be effectively insulated from FOCI. A company is considered to be operating under FOCI whenever a foreign interest has the power, direct or indirect, whether or not exercised, and whether or not exercisable, to direct or decide matters affecting the management or operations of that company in a manner that may result in unauthorized access to classified information, may adversely affect the performance of classified contracts, or may undermine U.S. security or export controls. 
 Leonardo S.p.A., an Italian company listed on the Milan Stock Exchange, owns the entire share capital of US Holding which, in turn, owns approximately 81 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are deemed to be under FOCI. Furthermore, the Italian state beneficially owns approximately 30.2 of Leonardo S.p.A. s voting power (through its ownership of approximately 30.2 of the outstanding ordinary shares of Leonardo S.p.A.). In order to be permitted to maintain our security clearances and our access to classified data and to perform or bid on classified programs, we are required to mitigate FOCI through a proxy agreement, which we have done by entering into an interim proxy agreement, with the DoD. We are currently operating under an interim proxy agreement while we seek to enter into a new proxy agreement with the DoD. The terms of any new proxy agreement or other mitigation agreements could impose heightened or new restrictions, which could further impact our business operations. Proxy agreements, including ours, typically have limited duration and need to be renewed on a regular basis. For additional information on the terms and requirements of the proxy agreement, see We operate under a proxy agreement with the DoD that regulates significant areas of our governance. If we fail to comply with the proxy agreement our classified U.S. government contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 While we currently mitigate FOCI under the interim proxy agreement, the DoD reserves the right to impose such additional security safeguards as it believes necessary in order to prevent unauthorized access to classified and controlled unclassified information and any U.S. government agency may deny or revoke our access to classified and controlled unclassified information under its jurisdiction if it considers 
 14 

it necessary to protect national security. Failure to maintain an agreement with the DoD regarding the appropriate FOCI mitigation arrangement could result in invalidation or termination of our facility security clearances, which in turn would mean that we would not be able to perform under current or enter into future contracts with the U.S. government requiring facility security clearances. 
 We depend on revenues from contracts and subcontracts with the U.S. government, including defense-related programs with the DoD and a broad range of programs with each of the service branches. Revenues derived directly or indirectly from contracts with the U.S. government were approximately 84 , 86 and 84 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. If we fail to maintain an agreement with the DoD regarding the appropriate FOCI mitigation arrangement or otherwise fail to comply with the NISPOM, this could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see We depend on U.S. defense spending for the vast majority of our revenues. Disruptions or deteriorations in our relationships with the relevant agencies of the U.S. government could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded and are subject to immediate termination. The termination or failure to fund one or more of these contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Over its lifetime, a U.S. government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and subcontracts. The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to Congressional appropriations. U.S. government appropriations in turn are affected by general U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation. Although multi-year contracts may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, Congress generally appropriates funds on a government fiscal year basis, which runs from October 1 to September 30. Procurement funds are typically made available for obligation over the course of one to three years. Consequently, programs often initially receive only partial funding, and additional funds are obligated only as Congress makes further appropriations. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations process ultimately approved by Congress and the President or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. The termination of funding for a U.S. government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business. The loss of revenues from our possible failure to obtain renewal or follow-on contracts may be significant because we depend on the U.S. government for a significant portion of our revenues. For further information, see We depend on U.S. defense spending for the vast majority of our revenues. Disruptions or deteriorations in our relationships with the relevant agencies of the U.S. government could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 In addition, U.S. government contracts may generally be terminated, in whole or in part, without prior notice at the U.S. government s convenience upon payment only for work performed and commitments made at the time of termination. For some contracts, we are a subcontractor and not the prime contractor, and in those arrangements, the U.S. government could terminate the prime contractor for convenience without regard for our performance as a subcontractor. We can give no assurance that one or more of our contracts will not be terminated under those circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we would be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our contracts. Because a significant portion of our revenue depends on our performance and payment under our contracts, the loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to termination for convenience, U.S. defense contracts are generally also terminable for default based on performance. Termination by the U.S. government, or one of its prime contractors, of a 
 15 

contract due to default could in addition to the loss of future revenue obligate us to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from the original contract, as well as other damages. Termination of a contract due to our default could also impair our reputation and our ability to compete for other contracts which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our U.S. government contracts are heavily regulated and subject to audit and negative audit findings which could result in the termination of these or other contracts or the failure to receive future awards, see We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. government and its agencies . 
 The U.S. government also has the ability to stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. It is possible that the U.S. government, or one of its prime contractors, could invoke this ability across a limited or broad number of contracts. In the event of a stop work order, contractors are typically protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work on the contract plus a reasonable fee. However, such temporary stoppages and delays could introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages for which we may not be able to receive full recovery. They could also ultimately result in termination of a contract (or contracts) for convenience or reduced future orders. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. government and its agencies. 
 We depend on U.S. government contracts, which are heavily regulated and subject to audit by the U.S. government and its agencies, such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency DCAA ), Defense Contract Management Agency DCMA ), the DoD Inspector General, and others. These agencies review performance on government contracts, direct and indirect rates and pricing practices, and compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. They also review compliance with government standards for our business systems and the adequacy of our internal control systems and policies. Negative findings related to our business and accounting systems and financial controls and capability could result in our ineligibility for future cost-plus contracts. Costs ultimately disallowed or found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. We record contract revenue based on costs on which we expect to be paid after any final audit. However, we do not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments in advance, and we may be required to reduce our revenue or profits materially upon completion and final negotiation of audits. As a result of certain cost reduction initiatives across our industry, we have experienced and may continue to experience an increased number of audits and/or a lengthened period of time required to close open audits. For example, the thresholds for certain allowable costs in the U.S., including compensation costs, have been significantly reduced; the allowability of other types of costs are being challenged, debated and, in certain cases, modified, all with potentially significant financial costs to the Company. 
 If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits or suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government. Whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the U.S. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate, with significant financial impact. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us or our business partners and suppliers. 
 Additionally, we are reviewed and rated by our government clients on a contract by contract basis. The receipt of a negative review on one contract could cause us reputational harm and adversely affect our ability to win future contracts. 
 Due to our reliance on government contracts, negative audit findings or reviews for one or more of these contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 16 

We are subject to a number of procurement, international trade, and other rules regulations and requirements related to our industry, our products, and the businesses we operate. If we fail to comply with such rules, regulations or other requirements we may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties and/or administrative sanctions. 
 As a U.S. government contractor, we (and our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other specific legal requirements. These regulations and other requirements increase our performance and compliance costs and risks and regularly evolve. New laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, evolving and strengthening regulations related to cybersecurity, privacy, recovery of employee compensation costs, counterfeit and/or substitute parts, anti-human trafficking, organizational conflicts of interest, specialty metals and conflict minerals) can significantly increase our costs and risks and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with procurement regulations or other requirements we may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties and/or administrative sanctions, which may include termination or modification of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We (again, including our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) are also subject to, and expected to perform in compliance with, a vast array of federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and requirements related to our industry, our products and the businesses we operate. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the Anti-Kickback Act, the Arms Export Control Act, including the ITAR, the Communications Act, the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations, the EAR (which includes anti-boycott provisions), the False Claims Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the FCPA, the Lobbying Disclosure Act, the Procurement Integrity Act, the Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act, the Foreign Trade Regulations, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, and Executive Orders and regulations, administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as rules and regulations administered by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. While we have implemented compliance programs that are intended to avoid violations of these laws, regulations and requirements, given the nature of our operations and the constant evolution of applicable laws, regulations and requirements, we may not be able to prevent future violations. If we are found to have violated such laws, regulations or requirements, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts; contract modifications or termination; the withholding of payments from our customer; the loss of export privileges; administrative or civil judgments and liabilities; criminal judgments or convictions, liabilities and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements; other sanctions; the assessment of penalties, fines, or compensatory, treble or other damages or non-monetary relief or actions; or suspension or debarment. 
 If we or those with whom we do business do not comply with the laws, regulations and processes to which we are subject or if U.S. government practices or requirements change significantly, including with respect to the thresholds for allowable costs, it could affect our ability to compete and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The U.S. government s organizational conflict of interest rules could limit our ability to successfully compete for new contracts or may require us to exit or wind down certain existing contracts, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Past efforts by the U.S. government to reform its procurement practices have focused, among other areas, on the separation of certain types of work to facilitate objectivity and avoid or mitigate 
 17 

organizational conflicts of interest, and the strengthening of regulations governing organizational conflicts of interest. Organizational conflicts of interest may arise from circumstances in which a contractor has: 
 impaired objectivity during performance; 
 unfair access to non-public information; or 
 the ability to set the ground rules for another procurement for which the contractor competes. 
 A focus on organizational conflicts of interest issues has resulted in legislation and regulations aimed at increasing organizational conflicts of interest requirements, including, among other things, separating sellers of products and providers of advisory services in major defense acquisition programs. These organizational conflicts of interest regulations have led to increased bid protests related to arguments to disqualify or overturn awards based on conflict grounds. 
 Future legislation and regulations may increase the restrictions in current organizational conflicts of interest regulations and rules. To the extent that organizational conflicts of interest laws, regulations and rules limit our ability to successfully compete for new contracts or task orders with the U.S. government and/or commercial entities, or require us to exit certain existing contracts or wind down certain existing contracts, either because of organizational conflicts of interest issues arising from our business or because companies with which we are affiliated, including Leonardo S.p.A. and its subsidiaries (including US Holding), or with which we otherwise conduct business create organizational conflicts of interest issues for us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The U.S. government has and may continue to implement initiatives focused on efficiencies, affordability and cost growth as well as other changes to its procurement practices. 
 Our industry has experienced, and we expect will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices globally as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs and a reprioritization of available defense funds to key areas for future defense spending. These initiatives and changes to procurement practices may change the way U.S. government contracts are solicited, negotiated and managed, which may affect whether and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the U.S. government, including the terms and conditions under which we do so. For example, in connection with these cost reduction initiatives the U.S. government is pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to the contractor. Changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements, different award criteria, non-traditional contract provisions and government contract negotiation offers also may affect our results of operations and predictability. The U.S. government has been pursuing and may continue to pursue these and other policies that could negatively impact our profitability and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We use estimates in pricing and accounting for many of our programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We enter into forward pricing rate agreements with our U.S. government clients that establish specific direct and indirect rates to be used in pricing all contracts with the applicable government agency for a specified period of time. This requires us to estimate the costs that we will incur in connection with future contracts. Failure to accurately estimate the costs that we will incur including as a result of changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may materially reduce our profit or cause a loss on these contracts and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, accounting for our contracts requires judgment relative to assessing costs, including costs associated with customer-directed delays and reductions in scheduled deliveries, unfavorable resolutions of claims and contractual matters, judgments associated with estimating contract revenue and costs and assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size, nature and performance period 
 18 

of many of our contracts, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. For example, we must make assumptions regarding: (i) the length of time to complete the contract because costs also include expected increases in wages and prices for supplies and materials; (ii) whether contracts should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations based on the goods and services promised to the customer; (iii) incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts in estimating revenue and profit rates, and recording them when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance; and (iv) estimates of award fees in estimating revenue and profit rates based on actual and anticipated awards. Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes involved in accounting for our contracts, materially different amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not realize the full value of our total estimated remaining contract value or bookings, including as a result of reduction of funding or cancellation of our U.S. government contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our total backlog consists of funded and unfunded amounts. Funded backlog represents the revenue value of orders for services under existing contracts for which funding is appropriated or otherwise authorized less revenue previously recognized on these contracts. Unfunded backlog represents the revenue value of firm orders for products and services under existing contracts for which funding has not yet been appropriated less funding previously recognized on these contracts. We evaluate bookings which we define as the total value of contract awards received from the U.S. government for which it has appropriated funds and legally obligated such funds to the Company through a contract or purchase order, plus the value of contract awards and orders received from customers other than the U.S. government. As of December 31, 2022, our total remaining contract value was approximately 4,269 million with bookings of 3,156 million. We historically have not realized all of the revenue included in our total contract value or bookings, and we may not realize all of the revenue included in our total contract value or bookings in the future. There is a higher degree of risk in this regard with respect to unfunded backlog. In addition, there can be no assurance that our total bookings will result in actual revenue in any particular period. This is because the actual receipt, timing, and amount of revenue under contracts included in total contract value and bookings are subject to various contingencies, including Congressional appropriations, many of which are beyond our control. The actual receipt of revenue from contracts included in total estimated contract value and bookings may never occur or may be delayed because: a program schedule could change or the program could be canceled; a contract s funding or scope could be reduced, modified, delayed, de-obligated or terminated early, including as a result of a lack of appropriated funds or cost cutting initiatives and other efforts to reduce U.S. government spending and/or the automatic federal defense spending cuts required by sequestration; in the case of funded backlog, the period of performance for the contract has expired or the U.S. government has exercised its unilateral right to cancel multi-year contracts and related orders or terminate existing contracts for convenience or default; in the case of unfunded backlog, funding may not be available. Our failure to replace canceled or reduced bookings could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business may be harmed if we are unable to appropriately manage our inventory. 
 We are subject to the risk that the inventory we carry may decrease in value over time due to, among other things, changes in customer priorities and needs. Any increase in the level of inventories of finished goods, components and raw materials that we carry, including due to any failure to replace cancelled or reduced backlog or other shortfalls in anticipated sales, may increase our risk of inventory obsolescence and corresponding inventory write-downs and write-offs, and such amounts could be material. If we are unable to appropriately manage our inventory balances it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 19 

Our working capital requirements and cash flows are extremely variable and subject to fluctuation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our working capital requirements and cash flows have historically been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. Historically we have had negative cash flows in some quarters of the year, and we expect this pattern to continue in the future. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. If we are unable to manage fluctuations in cash flow, it could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, as well as on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Factors which could result in fluctuations in our working capital and cash flows include: 
 the quantity of product and service sales revenue achieved; 
 the margins achieved on sales of products and services; 
 the timing and collection of receivables; 
 the timing and size of inventory and related component purchases; 
 the timing of payment on payables and accrued liabilities; and 
 the adequacy of our current financing arrangements and access to additional financing. 
 We cannot predict future capital needs, the sufficiency of our current financing or our ability to obtain additional financing if we need it. 
 Our operations are capital intensive and we rely heavily on financing, including working capital financing, such as factoring and supply chain financing. We may also enter into other types of financings in the future, including bank and bond financing. Although we believe that our available cash resources, together with our retained earnings, are sufficient to meet our presently anticipated liquidity needs and capital expenditure requirements, we might in the future need to raise additional funds to, among other things: 
 fund our operations; 
 address fluctuations in cash flow (including negative cash flow periods); 
 support more rapid growth of our business; 
 develop new or enhanced products and solutions; 
 respond to competitive pressures; and 
 acquire companies or technologies. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to extend existing working capital financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all and we might be unable to obtain additional financing, if needed, on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If sufficient funds are not available or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our ability to fund our current operations, fund expansion, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance services or products, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. We may be required to obtain the consent of US Holding in order to obtain financing and there is no guarantee that their consent will be granted. See Risks Relating to Our Status under the Proxy Agreement Our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A., may have interests that are different from, or conflict with, those of our other stockholders, and their majority ownership in us may discourage change of control transactions . The existing debt obligations of Leonardo S.p.A., which contain restrictions applicable to subsidiaries of Leonardo S.p.A., including us, may also negatively impact our ability to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In 
 20 

addition, any decline in the ratings of our corporate credit or any indications from the rating agencies that their ratings on our corporate credit are under surveillance or review with possible negative implications could adversely impact our ability to access capital. These limitations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to global and regional economic downturns, rising interest rates and related risks. 
 Our business is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions. A significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions for prolonged periods, may lead to a variety of adverse consequences for our business including reduced demand for our technologies, increases in our operating costs and rising interest rates. Similarly, any disruption in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failure may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These and other adverse macroeconomic consequences could result in our inability to operate profitably and reduce our earnings. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention, and the increases in legal, accounting and compliance expenses may be greater than we anticipate. 
 In 2022, we became a public company, and as such, have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange (the Nasdaq ), including changes in corporate governance practices and the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules and regulations can be burdensome. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. 
 Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our historical legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff, and engage outside consultants, all with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and maintain an internal audit function, which will increase our operating expenses. We are evaluating these rules and regulations and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 Failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting or to remediate weaknesses could materially harm our revenues, erode stockholder confidence in our ability to pursue business and report our financial results/condition, and negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 As a public reporting company, we are required to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. Failure to establish such internal control, or any failure of such internal control once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could also prevent us from maintaining accurate accounting records and discovering accounting errors and financial frauds. Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. Any assessment by management that there are weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in the internal controls over financial reporting (including those weaknesses identified in 
 21 

periodic reports), or disclosure of management s assessment of the internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 
 The agreements governing our debt contain various covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions and also require us to meet financial maintenance tests, and failure to comply with these covenants could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financing arrangements contain restrictions, covenants and events of default that, among other things, require us to satisfy certain financial tests and maintain certain financial ratios and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and to refinance our existing indebtedness. 
 The terms of our financing arrangements may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could limit our ability to respond to market conditions, provide for capital investment needs or take advantage of business opportunities by limiting the amount of additional borrowings we may incur. These restrictions may include compliance with, or maintenance of, certain financial tests and ratios and may limit or prohibit our ability to, among other things: 
 borrow money or guarantee debt; 
 create liens; 
 pay dividends or acquire our capital stock; 
 make investments and acquisitions; 
 enter into, or permit to exist, contractual limits on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us; 
 enter into new lines of business; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 sell assets or merge with other companies. 
 Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants. Failure to comply with any of the restrictions and covenants that may be in our financing arrangements could result in a default under those arrangements and under other arrangements that may contain cross-default provisions. 
 A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these arrangements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing. 
 To service indebtedness and fund other cash needs, we will require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to pay principal and interest on our anticipated debt obligations and to fund any planned capital expenditures and other cash needs will depend in part upon the future financial and operating performance of our company and our subsidiaries. Prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will affect our ability to make these payments. 
 22 

If we are unable to make payments or we are unable to refinance the debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we may consider other options, including: 
 sales of assets; 
 equity offerings; 
 reductions or delays of capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances; and 
 negotiations with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. 
 Some of our variable-rate indebtedness uses the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, SOFR as a benchmark for establishing the rate. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient, to enable us to pay our anticipated indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our anticipated indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our anticipated debt on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 We face intense competition and may suffer losses if we fail to compete efficiently. 
 We operate in highly competitive markets and compete with many large, small and mid-tier defense contractors, including, at times, our customers, based on performance, cost, overall value, delivery and reputation. Our competitors continuously seek to expand their business relationships with the U.S. government and will continue these efforts in the future, and the U.S. government may choose to use other contractors. We expect that a majority of the business that we seek will be awarded through competitive bidding. The U.S. government has increasingly relied on certain types of contracts that are subject to multiple competitive bidding processes, including multi-vendor Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity IDIQ ), Government wide Acquisition Contracts, General Services Administration Schedule and other multi-award contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. Many of our larger competitors have significantly greater financial resources than we do and have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas, including as a result of substantial industry consolidation, which increased the market share of certain of our competitors and enabled them to take advantage of economies of scale and develop new technologies. These larger competitors may also benefit from supply chain leverage and pricing flexibility, including, in some cases, the ability to price contracts at a loss, due to their size. Larger competitors, for example, may decide to pursue contracts typically won by mid-tier contractors, such as us. Additionally, our smaller competitors may have lower overhead rates than we do, enabling them to compete effectively on pricing against mid-tier contractors such as us. A number of these competitors are also our suppliers and customers. Additionally, some customers, including the DoD, are increasingly purchasing off the shelf components from commercial suppliers in lieu of using traditional defense contractors to design and manufacture such items. 
 We may not be able to continue to win competitively awarded contracts or to obtain task orders under multi-award contracts. Further, the competitive bidding process involves significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split with competitors, as well as the risk that we may fail to accurately estimate the resources and costs required to fulfill any contract awarded to us. Any increase in bid protests from unsuccessful bidders typically extends the time until work on a contract can begin. Following any contract award, we may experience significant expense or delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result of our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding. 
 23 

Preferences or set-asides for minority-owned, small and small disadvantaged businesses could impact our ability to be a prime contractor and limit our opportunity to work as a subcontractor on certain governmental procurements. 
 As a result of the Small Business Administration SBA set-aside program, the federal government may decide to restrict certain procurements only to bidders that qualify as minority-owned, small, or small disadvantaged businesses. We would not be eligible to perform as a prime contractor on those programs and in general would be restricted to no more than 49 of the work as a subcontractor on those programs. An increase in the amount of procurements under the SBA set-aside program may impact our ability to bid on new procurements as a prime contractor, limit our opportunity to work as a subcontractor or restrict our ability to compete on incumbent work that is placed in the set-aside program. 
 We depend in part upon our relationships and alliances with industry participants in order to generate revenue, which involves risks and uncertainties. 
 We rely on the strength of our relationships with other industry participants, including major prime contractors and small businesses, to form strategic alliances and we have entered, and expect to continue to enter into joint venture, teaming, partnership, subcontractor and other arrangements. These activities involve risks and uncertainties, including the risk that a joint venture or applicable entity fails to satisfy its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us from guarantees and other commitments, the challenges in achieving strategic objectives and expected benefits of the business arrangement, the risk of conflicts arising between us and our partners and the difficulty of managing and resolving such conflicts and the business arrangements generally. In some cases, these relationships are subject to exclusivity arrangements which subject us to the risk that we may be forced to forego superior opportunities with a different partner. In addition, particularly where we act as a subcontractor and form teaming arrangements in which we and other contractors bid on particular contracts or programs, we often lack control over fulfillment of a contract and poor performance on the contract could impact our customer relationship, even when we perform as required. If partners in teaming arrangements suffer financial difficulties, face compliance or other reputational issues or fail to comply with the law, we may be adversely affected to the extent we are relying on such partners. Additionally, the U.S. Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission have periodically and increasingly focused on ensuring competition in government acquisition and could challenge a teaming arrangement. If any of our existing relationships with our industry partners were impaired or terminated, or if we are unable to enter into future arrangements, we could also experience significant delays in the development of new products ourselves, and we would incur additional development costs. We would need to fund these costs internally or identify new industry partners. 
 Some of our industry partners and major customers are also potential competitors, which may impair the viability of new or continued strategic relationships. This position may create conflicts of interest and uncertainty in circumstances where we continue to operate as both a subcontractor for and a competitor to one of our industry partners or customers, potentially jeopardizing potential revenue opportunities. While we must compete effectively in the marketplace, our future alliances may depend on our industry partners perception of us. Our ability to win new and/or follow-on contracts may be dependent upon our relationships within the defense industry. 
 Contractual disputes with industry participants or the inability of our key suppliers to timely deliver our components, parts or services, could cause our products, systems or services to be produced or delivered in an untimely or unsatisfactory manner. 
 We act as subcontractor on many contracts and engage subcontractors on many of our own contracts. We may have disputes with our contractual counterparts, including regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by a subcontractor, customer concerns about a subcontract or subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of personnel of a subcontractor or as a subcontractor or our counterpart s failure to comply with applicable law. In addition, there are certain parts, components and services for many of our products, 
 24 

systems and services that we source from other manufacturers or vendors. Some of our suppliers, from time to time, experience financial and operational difficulties, which may impair their ability to supply the materials, components, subsystems and services that we require. For example, we have recently witnessed shortages of electronic components that are used in automotive, cell phones and other electronics, in general, causing disruptions to multiple industries such as automotive manufacturing and personal electronics. Shortages of similar components that we use could negatively impact our supply chain and manufacturing processes, as well as our ability to deliver on our contracts. Impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic have created or exacerbated existing materials shortages, resulted in supplier business closures and disrupted our supply chain. In addition, our supply chain may be disrupted by trade conflicts and tariffs imposed on products, as well as other external events, including natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, future medical epidemics or pandemics, acts of terrorism, cyber-attacks and labor disputes, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes, such as product certification or stewardship requirements, sourcing restrictions, product authenticity and climate change or greenhouse gas emission standards. These or any further political or governmental developments or health concerns could result in social, economic and labor instability. Any inability to develop alternative sources of supply on a cost-effective and timely basis could materially impair our ability to manufacture and deliver products, systems and services to our customers. 
 We may have disputes with our subcontractors or suppliers; material supply constraints or problems; or component, subsystems or services problems in the future. Also, our subcontractors and other suppliers may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, which might result in greater product returns, service problems and warranty claims and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, warranty claims brought by our customers related to third-party components and materials may arise after our ability to bring corresponding warranty claims against such suppliers expire, which could result in costs to us. In addition, in connection with our government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and parts from supply sources approved by the U.S. government and we rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other requirements regarding procurement of counterfeit, unauthorized or otherwise non-compliant parts or materials, including parts or materials they supply to us, and in some circumstances, we rely on their certifications as to their compliance. From time to time, we use components for which there is only one supplier, and that supplier may be unable to meet our needs. The inability of our suppliers to perform, or their inability to perform adequately, could also result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay or the need for us to provide other resources to support our existing suppliers. Each of these subcontractor and supplier risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are susceptible to a security breach, through cyber-attack, cyber-intrusion, insider threats or otherwise, and to other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems or of those we operate for our customers. 
 We store sensitive data, including information relating to national security and other sensitive government functions, intellectual property and technology, proprietary business information, and confidential employee information such as personally identifiable or protected health information on our servers and databases. We are subject to laws and rules issued by U.S. and non-U.S. governments and agencies concerning safeguarding and maintaining information confidentiality including extensive and evolving cyber requirements of the DoD. We face the risk of a security breach with respect to that data, whether through cyber-attack, cyber-intrusion or insider threat via the Internet, malware, e-mail attachments, persons inside our organization or with access to systems inside our organization, threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees or other significant disruption of our IT networks and related systems or those of our suppliers or subcontractors. As an advanced technology-based solutions provider, and particularly as a government contractor with access to national security and other sensitive government information, we face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption from threats to gain unauthorized access to our and our customers proprietary or classified information on our IT networks 
 25 

and related systems and to the IT networks and related systems that we operate and maintain for certain of our customers. These types of information and IT networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations of certain of our customers. We make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and IT networks and related systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption. As is the case with many other companies, we have experienced cyber-security incidents in the past, including denial of service attacks, ransomware, and attacks from suspected nation state actors. Our efforts and measures have not been effective in the case of every incident, but no incident has had a material negative impact on us to date. Sensitive data saved on networks, systems and facilities therefore remain vulnerable because of the risk that cybersecurity incidents, including, but not limited to, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, potential security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and cyber-intrusions, or disruptions, will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. In some cases, the resources of foreign governments may be behind such attacks due to the nature of our business and the industries in which we operate. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures. Thus, it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk, and there can be no assurance that future cyber security incidents will not have a material negative impact on us. A security breach or other significant disruption involving these types of information and IT networks and related systems could: 
 disrupt the proper functioning of these networks and systems and, therefore, our operations and/or those of certain of our customers; 
 result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours, our customers or our employees, including trade secrets, which could be used to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 
 result in litigation and governmental investigation and proceedings associated with cybersecurity incidents; 
 compromise national security and other sensitive government functions; 
 require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; 
 result in costs which exceed our insurance coverage and/or indemnification arrangements; 
 subject us to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, penalties or termination; and 
 damage our reputation with our customers (particularly agencies of the U.S. government) and the general public. 
 Additionally, a failure to comply with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800-171 or other DoD cybersecurity requirements including the Cyber Security Material Model Certificate CMMC ), whether or not resulting in a security breach or disruption, could restrict our ability to bid for, be awarded and perform on DoD contracts. DoD requirements to comply with the CMMC now and in the future, and any obligations that may be imposed on us under the CMMC that may be different from or in addition to those otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations, may cause additional expense for compliance. 
 We must also rely on the safeguards put in place by customers, suppliers, vendors, subcontractors, partners in teaming arrangements or other third parties to minimize the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions. These third parties may have varying levels of cybersecurity expertise and safeguards, and their relationships with government contractors, such as our company, 
 26 

may increase the likelihood that they are targeted by the same cyber threats, including from foreign governments. In the event of a breach affecting these third parties, our business and financial results could suffer materially. With respect to our commercial arrangements with these third parties, we have processes designed to require that the third parties and their employees and agents agree to maintain certain standards for the storage, protection and transfer of confidential, personal and proprietary information. However, we remain at risk of a data breach due to the intentional or unintentional non-compliance by a third party s employee or agent, the breakdown of a third party s data protection processes, which may not be as sophisticated as ours, or a cyber-attack on a third party s information network or systems. 
 The impact of these various factors is difficult to predict, but any of them could result in the loss of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, damage to our reputation, loss of business, contractual or regulatory actions and potential liabilities, any one of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy cybersecurity challenges and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel and experts. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems. 
 We may be at greater risk from terrorism and other threats to our physical security and personnel, than other companies. 
 As a defense contractor, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or indirectly damaged by, physical attacks including by active shooters, terrorists or terrorist organizations. It is impossible to predict accurately the likelihood or impact of any attack on our industry generally or on our business. While we have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans and established backup sites, in the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, these security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. Such attack may harm our personnel, close our facilities or render our backup data and recovery systems inoperable. Damage to our facilities due to attacks may be significantly in excess of any amount of insurance recovery, and we may not be able to insure against such damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of attacks may also negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future success will depend on our ability to respond to the rapid technological changes in the markets in which we compete, our ability to introduce new or enhanced products and to enter into new markets. 
 The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological developments and frequent new product introductions, enhancements and modifications. Our ability to develop new products and technologies that anticipate changing customer requirements, reduce costs and otherwise retain or enhance our competitive position in existing and new markets will be an important factor in our future results from operations. We will continue to make substantial capital expenditures and incur significant R D costs aimed at improving our manufacturing capability, reducing costs, and developing and introducing new products and enhancements. If we fail to develop and introduce new products and technologies in a timely manner it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot be certain that our new products and technologies will be successful or that customers will accept any of our new products. 
 Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. Failure to meet our contractual obligations could 
 27 

adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and future prospects. 
 We design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, which are applied by our customers in a variety of environments, including some under highly demanding operating conditions, to accomplish challenging missions. Problems and delays in development or delivery, or system failures, as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, intellectual property rights, labor, inability to achieve learning curve assumptions, inability to effectively manage a broad array of programs, manufacturing materials or components, or subcontractor performance could prevent us from meeting requirements and create significant risk and liabilities. In addition, any obsolescence of components used in our products may require us to redesign our products, in whole or in part, which could result in increased costs. Similarly, failures to perform on schedule or otherwise to fulfill our contractual obligations could negatively affect our reputation and ability to win future business which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. Examples of unforeseen problems that could negatively affect revenue, schedule and results of operations include premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, failure to perform in anticipated or unanticipated battlefield conditions, unintended explosions or similar events, problems with design, quality and workmanship, inadequate delivery of subcontractor components or services and degradation of product performance. These failures could result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or property. Among the factors that may affect revenue and results of operations could be inaccurate cost estimates, design issues, human factors, unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management focus in responding to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the government customer of contract cost and fee payments we previously received, or replacement obligations. See also Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Our results of operations and cash flows are substantially affected by our mix of fixed-price, cost-plus and time-and-material type contracts. In particular, fixed-price contracts subject us to the risk of loss in the event of cost overruns or higher than anticipated inflation . and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors We use estimates in pricing and accounting for many of our programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 If we are unable to meet our obligations, including due to issues regarding the design, development or manufacture of our products or services, it could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to fully exploit or obtain patents or other intellectual property protections necessary to secure our proprietary technology. 
 We seek to protect our competitive position by seeking patents, proprietary information and other intellectual property protections when possible and appropriate. However, we do not have the right to prohibit the U.S. government from using certain technologies developed by us or to prohibit third-party companies, including our competitors, from using those technologies in providing products and services to the U.S. government. The U.S. government often obtains the right to royalty-free use of technologies or intellectual property that we develop under U.S. government contracts or with funding from the U.S. government. Further, while we may retain rights over any technology, product or intellectual property that we develop under U.S. government contracts or using funding from the U.S. government, this requires us to take timely affirmative measures to preserve our rights. We are sometimes able to commercially exploit those government-funded technologies and, in many cases, may assert our intellectual property rights to seek to block other non-government users thereof, but we cannot assure you that we will always have such rights and that when we do, that those efforts will be successful. In some cases it may not be appropriate to patent our intellectual property as this involves making the patented technology public. In such cases we may have limited means to protect our intellectual property. 
 28 

While we enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants, partners, customers and others to attempt to limit access to and distribution of proprietary and confidential information, it is possible that: 
 some or all of our confidentiality agreements will not be honored; 
 third parties will independently develop equivalent technology or misappropriate our technology or designs; 
 disputes will arise with our strategic partners, customers or others concerning the ownership of intellectual property; and 
 contractual provisions may not be enforceable in certain jurisdictions. 
 Also, despite the steps taken by us to protect our proprietary rights, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy or reverse-engineer aspects of our products, develop similar technology independently or otherwise obtain and use information from our supply chain that we regard as proprietary, and we may be unable to successfully identify or prosecute unauthorized uses of our technology. 
 Third parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and third parties may infringe upon our intellectual property rights. 
 Our ability to ensure a competitive market position and gain awards of contracts depends in part on our ability to ensure that our intellectual property is protected, that our intellectual property rights are not diluted or subject to misuse, that we are able to license certain third-party intellectual property on reasonable terms and that we are able to operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Third parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future that we are infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing or to have infringed directly or indirectly upon those intellectual property rights. For example, in June 2017 another defense contractor filed suit in the United States Court of Federal Claims alleging that the U.S. government had infringed upon four of its patents relating to night vision weapon systems under a contract awarded to one of our subsidiaries. Neither we nor our subsidiary were named as defendants in the case, and the U.S. government assumes all infringement liability. In 2020, we received a notification from a commercial customer claiming that, under an agreement between us and the customer relating to night vision weapon systems on a separate program, we would be required to indemnify the customer if it were to incur any costs as a result of these allegations. 
 Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements. There can be no assurance that any of our patents and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, misappropriated or circumvented by third parties. Moreover, we may not be able to obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products, services and solutions. Our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. Our efforts, however, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. In addition, the laws concerning intellectual property vary among nations and the protection provided to our intellectual property by the laws and courts of foreign nations may differ from and be more limited than the protection provided in the U.S. If we fail to successfully protect and enforce these rights, our competitive position could suffer. Our pending patent and trademark registration applications may not be issued, and/or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents or trademark registrations. In addition, our patents may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation to determine the scope of intellectual 
 29 

property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management s attention away from other aspects of our business. 
 We remain subject to reputational and other risks as a result of the conviction of the chief executive officer of Leonardo S.p.A., our ultimate majority stockholder, on charges of false statements and market manipulation related to his previous role as chairman of the Italian banking entity, Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena. 
 In October 2020, an Italian court convicted Alessandro Profumo, the chief executive officer of our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A., on charges of false statements and market manipulation related to his previous role as chairman of the Italian banking entity, Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena. The conviction, if ultimately upheld by the Italian Supreme Court, would prevent Mr. Profumo from continuing his current role at Leonardo S.p.A. While we have been advised by Leonardo S.p.A. that this conviction has been appealed by Mr. Profumo, we remain subject to reputational risk as a result of this ongoing proceeding. Additionally, the loss of continuity of leadership at our majority stockholder, if the conviction is ultimately upheld, or when Profumo s term has ended, our business could be disrupted in the short term. Any such disruption or reputational harm related to the proceeding could affect our ability to win new customer contracts and harm our existing relationships with customers, employees, suppliers, subcontractors and others with whom we do business, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further discussion of risks relating to misconduct of our employees, business partners and other associated persons, see Our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents, affiliates, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate . 
 Our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents, affiliates, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate. 
 We have implemented compliance controls, training, policies and procedures designed to prevent and detect misconduct from being committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would negatively impact our ability to be a U.S. government contractor or subcontractor and/or violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, such as the FCPA, the protection of export-controlled information, such as the ITAR or EAR, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy and the terms of our contracts. We cannot ensure, however, that our controls, training, policies and procedures will prevent or detect all misconduct. Additionally, we may have limited ability to control the conduct of our affiliates and we have been, and may in the future be, adversely impacted by misconduct of our affiliates. 
 This risk of improper conduct may increase as we continue to grow and expand our operations. If not prevented, improper actions by those with whom or through whom we do business (including our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners and joint ventures) could subject us to administrative, civil or criminal investigations and enforcement actions; monetary and non-monetary penalties; liabilities; and the loss of privileges and other sanctions, including suspension and debarment, which could negatively impact our reputation and ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, misconduct involving data security lapses resulting in the compromise of personal information or the improper use of our customers sensitive, export-controlled, or classified information could result in remediation costs, regulatory sanctions against us and serious harm to our reputation and could adversely impact our ability to continue to contract with the U.S. government. 
 30 

We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, and our ongoing operations may expose us to environmental liabilities affecting our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operations are subject to federal, state, foreign and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. As a result, we have been involved from time to time in administrative or legal proceedings relating to environmental matters. We cannot assure you that the aggregate amount of future clean-up costs and other environmental liabilities will not be material. We could be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties, including criminal sanctions, if we fail to comply with these requirements. Additionally, we have made and will continue to be required to make significant capital and other expenditures in order to comply with these laws and regulations. The requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. We cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted or what environmental conditions may be found to exist. Our products and services are also used in nuclear-related activities (including providing components for nuclear-powered platforms and sensors used in nuclear applications) and used in support of nuclear-related operations of third parties. Our business also involves the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of potentially dangerous chemicals and unstable materials and is subject to hazards inherent in such activities including chemical spills, storage tank leaks, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other hazards incident to the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of dangerous chemicals. Also, in the future, contamination may be found to exist at our current or former facilities or at off-site locations to which we or certain companies that we have acquired or previously owned may have sent waste, and we could be held liable for such contamination. For example, a government site within a national park for which we may be deemed a potentially responsible party has been subject to a government investigation since July 2000. The remediation of such contamination, or the enactment of more stringent laws or regulations or more strict interpretation of existing laws and regulations, may require us to make additional expenditures, and could decrease the amount of free cash flow available to us for other purposes, including capital expenditures, R D and other investments and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by climate change regulations. 
 Climate change regulations at the federal, state, or local level or in international jurisdictions could require us to limit emissions, change our manufacturing processes, obtain substitute materials which may cost more or be less available, increase our investment in control technology for greenhouse gas emissions, fund offset projects, or undertake other costly activities. These regulations could significantly increase our costs and restrict our manufacturing operations by virtue of requirements for new equipment. New permits may be required for our current operations, or expansions thereof. Failure to timely receive permits could result in fines, suspension of production, or cessation of operations at one or more facilities. In addition, restrictions on carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gas emissions could result in significant costs such as higher energy costs and the passing down of carbon taxes, emission cap-and-trade programs, and renewable portfolio standards by utility companies. The cost of complying, or of failing to comply, with these and other climate change and emissions regulations could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The outcome of litigation, arbitration, investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and other legal proceedings in which we are involved from time to time is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The size, nature and complexity of our business make us susceptible to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation and other legal proceedings, particularly those involving governments. From time to time, we are and may become subject to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and administrative, civil or criminal litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings 
 31 

globally and across a broad array of matters, including, but not limited to, government contracts, commercial transactions, false claims, false statements, mischarging, contract performance, fraud, procurement integrity, products liability, warranty liability, the use of hazardous materials, personal injury claims, environmental matters, shareholder-derivative actions, prior acquisitions and divestitures, intellectual property, tax, employees, export/import, anti-corruption, labor, health and safety, accidents, employee benefits and plans, including plan administration, and improper payments, as well as matters relating to our acquisition of assets or companies and other matters. These actions may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. No assurances can be given that the results of these or any other matters will be favorable to us. Although we maintain insurance policies, these policies may not be adequate to protect us from all material judgments and expenses related to current or future claims and may not cover the conduct that is the subject of the litigation or arbitration. Desired levels of insurance may not be available in the future at economical prices or at all. Although we believe that we have meritorious defenses to the claims made in the litigation matters in which we have been named a party and intend to contest each lawsuit vigorously, no assurances can be given that the results of these matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution or outcome of any of these investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation and other legal proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We cannot predict the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies with certainty. As required by U.S. GAAP, we estimate material loss contingencies and establish liabilities based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements. It is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters could result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows from operating activities in a particular reporting period. 
 Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, approximately 7 , 5 and 8 , respectively, of our revenue was derived from sales to customers located in foreign countries and foreign governments. We cannot assure you that we will maintain significant operations internationally or that any such operations will be successful. International business (including our participation in joint ventures and other joint business arrangements) is subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements, cross-cultural considerations and other risks associated with doing business globally. These risks differ in some respects from those associated with our U.S. business and our exposure to such risks may increase if our international business continues to grow. 
 Our international business is subject to both U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, which may include, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to import-export controls, (such as the ITAR, EAR, and customs laws), tariffs, embargoes, technology transfer restrictions, government contracts and procurement, data privacy and protection, investment, exchange rates and controls, the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws, including the UK Bribery Act and the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, Article 5 of the Israeli Penal Law of 1977, the anti-boycott provisions under the EAR, U.S. economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and other federal agencies, labor and employment, works councils and other labor groups, anti-human trafficking, taxes, environment, immunity, security restrictions and intellectual property. If we or our employees, affiliates, partners or others with whom we work fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations we may be subject to administrative, civil, commercial or criminal penalties and liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges. Our international business also exposes us to difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and changes in tax laws. Our customers outside of the U.S. generally have the ability to terminate contracts for default based on performance. Suspension or debarment, or termination of a contract due to default, in particular, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our 
 32 

financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. New regulations and requirements, or changes to existing ones in the various countries in which we operate can significantly increase our costs and risks of doing business internationally. Any such future violations could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in laws, regulations, political leadership and environment, or security risks may significantly affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct business in international markets. Our international business may be impacted by changes in U.S. and foreign national policies and priorities, and geopolitical relationships, any of which may be influenced by changes in the threat environment, political leadership, geopolitical uncertainties, world events, acts of terrorism, bilateral and multi-lateral relationships, government budgets, and economic and political factors more generally, and any of which could impact funding for programs, alter export authorizations, or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments. These changes may affect export control laws as products or markets that were not previously subject to stringent controls may become subject to greater restrictions and oversight. These changes may also affect the defense spending priorities and procurement policies of foreign governments which may affect our international military sales. 
 Global economic conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could further impact our business. For example, the tightening of credit in financial markets outside of the U.S. could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services or impact the ability of our customers to make payments. In addition, the majority of our foreign costs are denominated in local currencies. Over time, an increasing portion of our contracts with paid customers outside of the United States may be denominated in local currencies. Therefore, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may affect our results of operations when translated into U.S. dollars. We do not currently engage in currency-hedging activities to limit the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 Our contracts with non-U.S. customers may also include terms and reflect legal requirements that create additional risks including the risk of non-payment or delayed payment by foreign customers and governments. They may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, investments, manufacturing agreements or other operational or financial obligations, including offset obligations, and provide for significant penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. They may also require us to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and/or other financial arrangements to secure our performance obligations. We also increasingly are dependent on in-country suppliers and we face risks related to their failure to perform in accordance with the contracts and applicable laws, particularly where we rely on a sole source supplier. Our ability to sell products outside the U.S. could be adversely affected if we are unable to design our products for export on a cost-effective basis or to obtain and retain all necessary export licenses and authorizations on a timely basis. 
 Conducting business outside of the U.S. also exposes us to the complexity and necessity of using, and disruptions involving our international dealers, distributors, sales representatives and consultants as well as the difficulties of managing a geographically dispersed organization and culturally diverse workforces, including compliance with applicable U.S. and local laws and practices, such as anti-corruption and anti-trust/competition laws. Contracts with international customers are significantly different than the contracts with our U.S. customers, and some are more complex and require different skills to manage. Our ability to conduct business outside of the U.S. also depends on our ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel with the skills and/or security clearances in the markets in which we do business. 
 33 

The products and services we provide internationally, including those provided by subsidiaries, subcontractors and joint ventures in which we have an interest, are sometimes in countries with unstable governments, economic or fiscal challenges, military or political conflicts and/or developing legal systems. This may increase the risk to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties, and/or increase the risk of a wide range of liabilities, as well as loss of property or damage to our products. 
 The occurrence and impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining the export licenses necessary to conduct certain operations abroad, and Congress may prevent proposed sales to certain foreign governments. 
 We must obtain export and other licenses and authorizations from various U.S. and foreign government agencies before we are permitted to undertake certain activities including selling certain products and technologies outside of the U.S. For example, the U.S. Department of State must notify Congress at least 15 to 30 days, depending on the size and location of the proposed sale, prior to authorizing certain sales of defense equipment and services to some foreign governments. During that time, Congress may take action to block the proposed sale. We can give no assurance that we will continue to be successful in obtaining the necessary licenses or authorizations or that Congress will not prevent or delay certain sales. Additionally, in some cases our ability to source components and products in foreign jurisdictions may require licenses or approvals from foreign governments. Our ability to obtain these licenses and authorizations in a timely fashion or at all is subject to risks and uncertainties, including changing U.S. government policies or laws or delays in Congressional action due to geopolitical and other factors. If we are not successful in obtaining or maintaining the necessary licenses or authorizations in a timely manner, our sales relating to those approvals may be reversed, prevented or delayed, and any significant impairment of our ability to sell products or technologies outside of the U.S. could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A failure to attract and retain technical and other key personnel could reduce our revenues and our operational effectiveness. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of R D, operations, security, marketing, sales, customer experience, general and administrative functions, and on individual contributors in our R D and operations. In addition, the relationships and reputation that many members of our senior management team have established and maintain with U.S. government personnel contribute to our ability to maintain strong customer relationships and to identify new business opportunities. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, especially our chief executive officer, or key employees could impair our ability to identify and secure new contracts, disrupt customer relations, and cause us to be in breach of contracts that require us to maintain key personnel or otherwise harm our business. Further, leadership changes have occurred and will continue to occur from time to time and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will effectively manage leadership transitions. The term of the chief executive officer of our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A. expires later this year. We may face risks related to that change and other transitions in both our leadership team and that of Leonardo S.p.A. s. If we cannot effectively manage leadership transitions and management changes in the future, our reputation and future business prospects could be adversely affected. 
 There is a high demand for qualified technical and other key personnel, and we believe that our future growth and success will depend upon our ability to attract, train and retain such personnel. Competition for personnel in the defense industry is intense, and there is a limited number of persons with knowledge of and experience in this industry. Additionally, some of our businesses are located in regions where 
 34 

competition for personnel is particularly intense. Although we currently experience manageable rates of turnover for our technical personnel, the rate of turnover may increase in the future. Our ability to hire personnel in specific sectors may also be limited by non-disclosure or non-solicit agreements that we have entered into. An inability to attract or maintain a sufficient number of technical and other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our contract performance or on our ability to capitalize on market opportunities. 
 Our operating results and growth opportunities are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math. Additionally, as we grow our international business, it is increasingly important that we are able to attract and retain personnel with relevant local qualifications and experience. In addition, in a tightened labor market, we are facing increased competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies. If qualified personnel are scarce or difficult to attract or retain or if we experience a high level of attrition, generally or in particular areas, or if such personnel are unable to obtain security clearances on a timely basis, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain necessary employees. 
 Approximately 459 (or 7 of our employees are covered by collective agreements. We generally have been able to renegotiate renewals to expiring agreements without significant disruption of operating activities. If we experience difficulties with renewals and renegotiations of existing collective agreements or if our employees pursue new collective representation, we could incur additional expenses and may be subject to work stoppages, slow-downs or other labor-related disruptions. Any such expenses or delays could adversely affect our programs served by employees who are covered by such agreements or representation. 
 On September 9, 2021, President Biden released an executive order EO that required all employees of federal contractors to be vaccinated. As of August 2022, the three federal appellate courts that have reviewed the issue have found that the requirements outlined in the EO exceeded President Biden s authority under the Federal Procurement Act. On October 19, 2022, the Office of Management and Budget OMB and the Safer Federal Workforce Task Force issued new guidance regarding implementation of the EO, confirming that the U.S government will not take action to enforce the requirements of the EO. In January 2023, the U.S. government announced it intends to end the public health emergency (and national emergency) declarations in May 2023. However, there can be no assurances that the federal government will not seek to enforce the requirements of this EO or subsequently issue a similar EO in response to COVID-19 or a future pandemic . 
 If the EO or a similar EO is ultimately enforced, there is a risk that some of our employees will not comply and will need to be dismissed. Our employees are highly skilled, have critical knowledge, and in some cases have security clearances that allow them to work on highly sensitive programs. These employees will not be easy to replace. If we are unable to attract and retain a qualified workforce, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and it could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business could be harmed in the event of a prolonged work stoppage. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 459 (or 7 of our employees were represented by labor unions. If we encounter difficulties with renegotiations or renewals of collective bargaining arrangements or are unsuccessful in those efforts, we could incur additional costs and experience work stoppages. Union actions at our suppliers could also affect us. We cannot predict how stable our union relationships will be or whether we will be able to successfully negotiate successor collective bargaining agreements without impacting our financial condition. In addition, the presence of unions may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. While a relatively small percentage of our employee base is unionized, work stoppages could negatively impact the specific business segments in which our unionized employees are employed including our ability to manufacture products or provide services on a timely basis, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 35 

Our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We provide products and services related to hazardous and high-risk operations. Among such operations, our products and services are used in nuclear-related activities (including providing components for nuclear-powered platforms and sensors used in nuclear applications) and used in support of nuclear-related operations of third parties. Our business also involves the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of potentially dangerous chemicals and unstable materials and is subject to hazards inherent in such activities including chemical spills, storage tank leaks, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other hazards incident to the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of dangerous chemicals. We endeavor to obtain insurance agreements from financially solid, responsible, highly rated counterparties in established markets to cover significant risks and liabilities (including, for example, natural disasters, hazardous operations and products liability). Not every risk or liability can be insured, and for risks that are insurable, the policy limits and terms of coverage reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. Even if insurance coverage is available, we may not be able to obtain it or renew existing coverage at a price or on terms acceptable to us. Disputes with insurance carriers, including over policy terms, reservation of rights, the applicability of coverage (including exclusions), compliance with provisions (including notice) and/or the insolvency of one or more of our insurers may significantly affect the availability or timing of recovery, and may impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage at reasonable rates in the future. 
 In some circumstances we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers through contractual provisions, laws, regulations or otherwise. However, these protections are not always available, can be difficult to obtain, are typically subject to certain terms or limitations, including the availability of funds, and may not be sufficient to cover all losses or liabilities incurred. 
 If insurance coverage, customer indemnifications and/or other legal protections are not available or are not sufficient to cover our risks or losses, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have unfunded obligations under our pension plans, and we use estimates in accounting for our pension plans and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have unfunded obligations under our pension, postretirement and supplemental retirement plans, see Note 14: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The process of determining the funded status of these plans and our pension plan expense or income involves significant judgment, particularly with respect to our long-term return on pension assets and discount-rate assumptions. If our discount-rate assumption or long-term return on assets ROA (which is used to determine the funded status of our pension plans) is decreased due to changes in our assumptions or other reasons, our pension plan funded status and expense could increase which would negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, if our actual return on assets differs from our long-term ROA assumption, our pension plan funded status and pension expense would be impacted. 
 Changes to financial accounting standards may affect our results of operations and cause us to change our business practices. 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting policies. A change in these accounting standards or the questioning of current reporting practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 
 36 

Changes in future business or other market conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill or other long-term assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had goodwill and other intangible assets of 1,408 and 1,123 million, respectively, net of accumulated amortization, which represented 38 and 37 , respectively, of our total assets. Our goodwill is subject to an impairment test on an annual basis and is also tested whenever events and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. Any excess goodwill resulting from the impairment test must be written off in the period of determination. Intangible assets (other than goodwill) are generally amortized over the useful life of such assets. In addition, from time to time, we may acquire or make an investment in a business which will require us to record goodwill based on the purchase price and the value of the acquired assets. We may subsequently experience unforeseen issues with such business which adversely affect the anticipated returns of the business or value of the intangible assets and trigger an evaluation of the recoverability of the recorded goodwill and intangible assets for such business. Future determinations of significant write-offs of goodwill or intangible assets as a result of an impairment test or any accelerated amortization of other intangible assets could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 In general, under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Tax Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses NOLs to offset future taxable income. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are beyond our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Tax Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of any companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability. 
 We could be liable for certain tax liabilities, including tax liabilities of US Holding and its subsidiaries, under tax law and the tax allocation agreement. 
 We and US Holding have entered into a tax allocation agreement with members of an affiliated group, as defined in Section 1504(a) of the Tax Code, members of one or more consolidated, combined, unitary or similar state tax groups and additional parties who are part of an expanded affiliated group for certain tax purposes. Under the tax allocation agreement, we are responsible for U.S. federal and state tax liability attributable to us or any of our subsidiaries, as determined under the tax allocation agreement, for prior taxable periods beginning with the first consolidated taxable year of US Holding that included DRS (i.e., the taxable year ended December 31, 2008) and for future taxable periods in which we are a member of any consolidated, combined or unitary tax return with US Holding or its subsidiaries. In addition, to the extent US Holding fails to pay taxes imposed with respect to any consolidated, combined or unitary tax return of US Holding or any of its subsidiaries that includes us or any of our subsidiaries, the relevant taxing authority could seek to collect such taxes (including taxes for which US Holding or any of its subsidiaries is responsible under the tax allocation agreement) from us or our subsidiaries. 
 Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences. 
 We have evaluated in the past, and expect to continue to evaluate in the future, potential strategic transactions. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. The acquisition and the integration of an acquired company, business or technology may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and involves risks, including: 
 the need to implement or remediate controls, procedures, policies and compliance programs appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to the acquisition lacked these controls, procedures and policies; 
 37 

diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges; 
 cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 
 retaining employees and customers from the businesses we acquire; 
 the need to integrate each company s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management; and 
 litigation related to acquisitions. 
 Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries and the defense industry. 
 In addition, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition and results of operations. Future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. 
 Finally, we may be required to obtain the consent of US Holding in order to pursue certain material transactions and there is no guarantee that their consent will be granted See Risks Relating to Our Status under the Proxy Agreement Our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A., may have interests that are different from, or conflict with, those of our other stockholders, and their significant ownership in us may discourage change of control transactions . 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other pandemics, health emergencies and related impacts, have had and are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continued to cause significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption in 2022. The emergence of the Omicron variant in late 2021 and resulting increase in COVID-19 cases in early 2022 adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business operations, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company faces risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable disease which could significantly disrupt operations, and may materially and adversely affects its business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 The extent to which a pandemic or epidemic, will impact us in the future will depend on numerous evolving factors and developments that we are unable to predict, including: the severity and transmission rate of the virus(es); the duration of the outbreak, including the risk of a resurgence of the virus in areas in which it appears to have been contained; the extent and effectiveness of containment actions; governmental, business and other actions (which could include limitations on our operations or mandates to provide products, systems or services); the continued success of measures taken by governmental authorities worldwide to stabilize the markets and support economic growth, which is unknown and may not be sufficient to address future market dislocations or avert severe and prolonged reductions in economic activity; the impacts on our supply chain; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity; the effects of additional business or facility closures or other changes to our operations; the health of and the effect on our workforce and our ability to meet staffing needs in our businesses and facilities, particularly if members of our workforce are quarantined as a result of exposure; any impairment in value of our 
 38 

tangible or intangible assets which could be recorded as a result of a weaker economic conditions; and the potential effects on our internal controls, including those over financial reporting, as a result of remote working environments and other conditions such as shelter-in-place and similar orders that apply to our employees and business partners, among others. In addition, disruptions in the credit or financial markets or impacts on our credit ratings from the pandemic could adversely affect our ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet our liquidity needs, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 We have significant operations in locations that could be materially and adversely impacted in the event of a natural disaster or other significant disruption. 
 Our operations and the operations of our suppliers and customers could be subject to natural disasters or other significant disruptions, including hurricanes, typhoons, tsunamis, floods, earthquakes, fires, water shortages, other extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, pandemics, acts of terrorism, power shortages and blackouts, telecommunications failures and other natural and manmade disasters or disruptions. We have significant business operations located in areas that are subject to these risks, for example our facilities in Florida and Texas. In the event of such a natural disaster or other disruption, we could experience disruptions or interruptions to our operations or the operations of our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers or customers, including inability of employees to work; destruction of facilities; and/or loss of life, all of which could materially increase our costs and expenses, delay or decrease orders and revenue from our customers and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our leases may be terminated or we may be unable to renew our leases on acceptable terms and if we wish to relocate, we may incur additional costs if we terminate a lease. 
 We have made significant capital expenditures to improve several of our leased facilities in order to make them suitable for our purposes as well as to meet requirements that we are subject to as a U.S. government contractor and obtain facility security clearances. However, at the end of the lease term and during any renewal period for a facility, we may be unable to renew the lease without substantial additional cost, if at all. If we are unable to renew our facility leases, we may close or relocate a facility, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including significant capital expenses that may materially impact our results of operations and ability to meet certain contractual schedule commitments. Additionally, we may have to seek qualification of any new facilities in order to meet customer or contractual requirements. We would also have to obtain facility security clearances for the new facility in order to continue to perform on classified contracts. Further, we may not be able to secure a replacement facility in a location that is as commercially viable as that of the lease we are unable to renew, due to contracts that may require us to have facilities in certain locations. Having to close a facility, even briefly to relocate, would reduce the sales that such facility would be able to contribute to our revenues. Additionally, a relocated facility may generate less revenue and profit, if any, than the facility it was established to replace. 
 Additionally, many of our facilities are located on leased premises subject to non-cancellable leases. Typically, our leases have initial terms ranging from five to 20 years, with options to renew for specified periods of time. We believe that our future leases will likely also be long-term and non-cancellable and have similar renewal options. If we close or stop fully utilizing a facility, we will most likely remain obligated to perform under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, making the base rent payments, and paying insurance, taxes and other expenses on the leased property for the remainder of the lease term. Our inability to terminate a lease when we stop fully utilizing a facility could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 39 

We cannot predict the consequences of future geo-political events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate, our ability to insure against risks, our operations or our results of operations. 
 Ongoing instability and current conflicts in global markets, including in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Asia, and the potential for other conflicts and future terrorist activities and other recent geo-political events throughout the world, including the conflict in Ukraine, the U.S. military withdrawal from Afghanistan, new or increased tariffs or sanctions and potential trade wars have created and continue to create economic and political uncertainties and impacts that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These matters cause uncertainty in the world s financial and insurance markets and may significantly increase the political, economic and social instability in the geographic areas in which we operate. Such instability and any resulting changes in laws, regulations or security risks may dramatically affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct business in the impacted international markets. If credit in financial markets outside of the U.S. tightened, it could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products, systems and services or impact the ability of our customers to make payments. These matters may cause us to incur increased costs or experience difficulty with future borrowings under our credit facilities or in the debt capital markets, future issuances of common stock or other equity securities or otherwise with financing our operating, investing (including any future acquisitions) or financing activities. These matters also may cause our insurance coverages to increase in cost, or in some cases, to be unavailable altogether. 
 Risks Relating to Our Ownership and Status under the Proxy Agreement 
 We operate under a proxy agreement with the DoD that regulates significant areas of our governance. If we fail to comply with the proxy agreement our classified U.S. government contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Leonardo S.p.A., an Italian company listed on the Milan Stock Exchange, ultimately owns the entire share capital of our immediate majority stockholder US Holding which, in turn owns approximately 81 our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are deemed to be controlled by a foreign company and to be under FOCI, as defined in the NISPOM, which establishes procedures and requirements for government contractors, such as our company, with regard to classified information. See Risks Relating to Our Business We are subject to the U.S. government s requirements, including the DoD s National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual, for our facility security clearances, which are prerequisites to our ability to perform on classified contracts for the U.S. government . Furthermore, the combination of the Italian state beneficially owning approximately 30.2 of Leonardo S.p.A. s voting power (through its ownership of approximately 30.2 of the outstanding ordinary shares of Leonardo S.p.A.), and the governance of Leonardo S.p.A. itself, has led DRS to be deemed to be controlled by a foreign government by certain U.S. regulatory authorities. In order to be permitted to maintain our security clearances and our access to classified data and to perform or bid on classified programs, we are required to mitigate FOCI through a proxy agreement. We have therefore entered into a proxy agreement with the DoD. Among other things, the proxy agreement: 
 provides that the shares of our common stock owned directly by US Holding and indirectly by Leonardo S.p.A. are voted through proxy holders, who must be independent from current and prior affiliation with Leonardo S.p.A. and its subsidiaries (including US Holding and us) (subject to limited exceptions) and must maintain adequate security clearance; 
 provides that the proxy holders are appointed by our immediate majority stockholder US Holding (in consultation with Leonardo S.p.A.)., but the appointment is subject to approval of the DCSA, an agency of the DoD, and that the proxy holders must be members of our Board; 
 40 

restricts our ability to share facilities and personnel with and receive certain services from Leonardo S.p.A. or its other subsidiaries; 
 requires us to maintain a government security committee of our Board; and 
 regulates meetings, visits and communications that are not deemed to be routine business visits between us and Leonardo S.p.A. or its other subsidiaries (including US Holding). 
 We are currently operating under an interim proxy agreement while we seek to enter into a new proxy agreement with the DoD. The terms of any new proxy agreement or other mitigation requirements could impose heightened or new restrictions which could further impact our business operations. Proxy agreements, including ours, typically have limited duration and need to be renewed on a regular basis. 
 Compliance with the proxy agreement requires a significant commitment of resources and management and Board oversight, and the DoD may impose additional security safeguards that it believes necessary to adequately safeguard classified and controlled unclassified information, which could make it more difficult for us to comply with the proxy agreement or adversely impact the manner in which we operate our business. Under the proxy agreement we are required to prepare and submit an annual implementation and compliance report to the DCSA including detailed information with respect to the manner in which we comply with the proxy agreement including with respect to classified information, any acts of noncompliance and other matters specified by DCSA. We are subject to regular audits of our FOCI compliance and have at times been found to not have strictly complied with our proxy agreement or relevant security requirements but have not to date been sanctioned for any such noncompliance. Additionally, the restrictions imposed by the proxy agreement on our communications and ability to share facilities, personnel and services with Leonardo S.p.A. or its other subsidiaries mean that we cannot benefit from the full range of synergies and cost savings typically enjoyed by a majority-owned subsidiary. 
 In the event of a material breach of the proxy agreement or the failure of the DoD to renew a current proxy agreement upon its expiration, the DoD may (i) novate our classified contracts to a company not under FOCI at our expense, (ii) terminate our classified contracts and deny us new classified contracts, (iii) revoke our facility security clearance and/or (iv) suspend or debar us from participation in all U.S. government contracts. 
 We depend on revenues from contracts and subcontracts with the U.S. government, including defense-related programs with the DoD and a broad range of programs with the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy. See Risks Relating to Our Business We depend on U.S. defense spending for the vast majority of our revenues. Disruptions or deterioration in our relationships with the relevant agencies of the U.S. government could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Therefore, if we fail to comply with the terms of the proxy agreement and the DoD imposes any of the above remedies, this could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Risks Relating to Our Status under the Proxy Agreement Our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A., may have interests that are different from, or conflict with, those of our other stockholders, and their significant ownership in us may discourage change of control transactions . 
 CFIUS may modify, delay or prevent our future acquisition or investment activities. 
 We are considered a foreign person under the regulations administered by CFIUS and will continue to be considered as such in the future for so long as Leonardo S.p.A. has the ability to exercise control over us for purposes of CFIUS s regulations. As such, acquisitions of or investments in U.S. businesses or foreign companies with U.S. businesses that we may wish to pursue may be subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was recently expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If a particular proposed acquisition or investment in a U.S. business falls 
 41 

within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the transaction without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the transaction. CFIUS may decide to block or delay an acquisition or investment by us, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such acquisition or investment or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business that we acquired without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain acquisitions or investments that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our stockholders. We may therefore be adversely affected in terms of competing with other companies in our industry which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Furthermore, because the Italian state beneficially owns approximately 30.2 of the voting power of the outstanding ordinary shares of, and exercises certain governance rights over, Leonardo S.p.A. (through its ownership of approximately 30.2 of Leonardo S.p.A. s ordinary shares), which in turn has the ability to exercise control over us for purposes of CFIUS s regulations, we are considered to be foreign government controlled under the regulations administered by CFIUS. Foreign-government-controlled investors may be subject to a higher level of CFIUS scrutiny than non-foreign-government-controlled investors. Additionally, future foreign investments in us could be within the jurisdiction of CFIUS and, given the nature of our business, may trigger a mandatory CFIUS notification requirement or warrant voluntary notification to CFIUS, impacting our ability to attract such investment. Further, CFIUS may decide to block, delay, or impose material conditions on any such future foreign investment in us that it reviews. 
 Because we are deemed to be controlled by a foreign company, we are required to mitigate FOCI through our proxy agreement. 
 Our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A., may have interests that are different from, or conflict with, those of our other stockholders, and their significant ownership in us may discourage change of control transactions. 
 The proxy agreement provides that the shares of our common stock owned directly by US Holding and indirectly by Leonardo S.p.A. are voted through proxy holders, who must be independent from current and prior affiliation with Leonardo S.p.A. and its subsidiaries (including US Holding and us) (subject to limited exceptions) and must maintain adequate security clearance. The proxy holders have the right to vote US Holding s shares of our common stock in the same manner and to the same extent as if they were the absolute owners of such shares in their own right. In exercising their power as proxy holders, the proxy holders are directed to act to protect the legitimate economic interests of our stockholders and in a manner consistent with their fiduciary duties, but they are not generally required to follow instructions of Leonardo S.p.A., US Holding or us. 
 The proxy agreement provides that the proxy holders may vote for or consent to in, their sole and absolute discretion, without consultation with US Holding or Leonardo S.p.A., the election of additional directors who are not proxy holders (and who are selected from candidates proposed by US Holding after reasonable consultation with our nominating and corporate governance committee, and subject to DCSA s approval in certain circumstances), any changes or amendments to our certificate of incorporation or by laws, the sale or disposal of our property, assets or business, our incurrence of debt or any pledge, mortgage or encumbrance of any of our assets, or any other matter affecting us, other than as described below. 
 However, the proxy holders may only vote for or consent to the following matters with the express written approval of US Holding: 
 other than in the ordinary course of business with vendors, customers and suppliers, the sale or disposition of any of our subsidiaries, property, assets or business or those of our subsidiaries or the purchase by us or our subsidiaries of any business, properties, assets or entities, other than in the ordinary course of business, in any individual transaction where our investment (based on our share of the enterprise value) exceeds two percent (2) of our revenues for the immediately preceding year or where our investment, in the aggregate for all such sales or dispositions in a 
 42 

calendar year, exceeds an amount equal to five percent (5) of our revenues for the immediately preceding year; 
 the incurrence of debt or pledge, mortgage, lease or other encumbrance of our assets of those of our subsidiaries in connection with the incurrence of debt if such incurrence would cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all debt of us and our subsidiaries to exceed a target leverage ratio set forth in our then-current operating plan, excluding current debt incurred for purposes of funding day-to-day working capital requirements in the ordinary course of business; 
 any merger, consolidation, reorganization or dissolution of us of any of our subsidiaries except as permitted above and excluding transactions solely among our wholly owned subsidiaries; and 
 the filing or making of any petition by us or our subsidiaries under the federal bankruptcy laws or any similar law or statute of any state or any foreign country. 
 In addition, the proxy holders may only vote to declare or suspend dividends after prior consultation with US Holding. 
 At all times subject to the proxy agreement, on November 28, 2022, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement as well as a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with Leonardo S.p.A and US Holding. The Registration Rights Agreement, among other things, provides Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates with customary demand, shelf and piggy-back registration rights to facilitate a public offering of our common stock held by US Holding. The Cooperation Agreement, among other things, provides (a) Leonardo S.p.A. with certain consent, access and cooperation rights, (b) US Holding with certain consent rights with respect to actions taken by the Company and its subsidiaries, including with respect to the creation or issuance of any new classes or series of stock (subject to customary exceptions), listing or delisting from any securities exchange, and making material changes to the Company s accounting policies and changing the Company s auditor, and (c) neither US Holding nor Leonardo S.p.A. with the ability to transfer any Company voting securities for a period of six months following the merger with RADA, except in connection with a change in control of the Company or for transfers to affiliates. 
 Conflicts of interest may arise between our majority stockholder and us. Affiliates of our majority stockholder engage in transactions with us. Further, Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us, and they may either directly, or through affiliates, also maintain business relationships with companies that may directly compete with us. In general, Leonardo S.p.A. or its affiliates could pursue business interests that are detrimental to us but beneficial to themselves or to other companies in which they invest or with whom they have a material relationship. Conflicts of interest could also arise with respect to business opportunities that could be advantageous to Leonardo S.p.A., and they may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business. As a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. Under the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, neither Leonardo S.p.A. nor US Holding have an obligation to offer us corporate opportunities. 
 As a result of these relationships the interests of our ultimate majority stockholder, Leonardo S.p.A., may not coincide with our interests or the interests of the other holders of our common stock. So long as Leonardo S.p.A. continues to indirectly control a significant amount of the outstanding shares of our common stock, Leonardo S.p.A. and the proxy holders will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our decisions, including potential mergers or acquisitions, asset sales and other significant corporate transactions. This influence, including the requirement in our proxy agreement for approval by the proxy holders and our majority stockholder of mergers and consolidations, may also discourage change of control transactions. The term of the Leonardo S.p.A. Chief Executive Officer expires later this year. Changes in the leadership at our ultimate majority stockholder could create uncertainty and potentially exacerbate these risks. 
 43 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we waive any interest or expectancy in corporate opportunities presented to Leonardo S.p.A. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we, on our behalf and on behalf of our subsidiaries, renounce and waive any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, corporate opportunities that are from time to time presented to Leonardo S.p.A., or its officers, directors, agents, stockholders, members, partners, affiliates or subsidiaries, with the exception of the proxy holders, even if the opportunity is one that we or our subsidiaries might reasonably have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue if granted the opportunity to do so. None of Leonardo S.p.A. or its agents, stockholders, members, partners, affiliates or subsidiaries, with the exception of the proxy holders, will generally be liable to us or any of our subsidiaries for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that such person pursues, acquires or participates in such corporate opportunity, directs such corporate opportunity to another person or fails to present such corporate opportunity, or information regarding such corporate opportunity, to us or our subsidiaries. To the fullest extent permitted by law, by becoming a stockholder in our company, stockholders will be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This will allow Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates to compete with us. Strong competition for investment opportunities could result in fewer such opportunities for us. We likely will not always be able to compete successfully with our competitors and competitive pressures or other factors may also result in significant price competition, particularly during industry downturns, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are obligated to provide certain services to Leonardo S.p.A., which may divert human and financial resources from our business, and to rely on provision of certain services from Leonardo S.p.A., which we may be unable to replicate should the need arise. 
 Although we operate largely independently from Leonardo S.p.A. and the proxy agreement contains limitations on services that we may provide to and receive from Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates, we have historically provided, and expect to continue to provide, certain services to Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates to support its U.S. operations (aside from us) and have historically received and expect to continue to receive certain services from Leonardo S.p.A., including services related to group training support, subject in all cases to the proxy agreement. We continue to provide or procure certain services to or from Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates and Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates continue to provide or procure certain services to or from us pursuant to the tax allocation agreement and existing Affiliated Operations Plan AOP services agreements which continue pursuant to the terms of such contracts. The tax allocation agreement will remain in effect until terminated upon the written agreement of the parties. 
 Under our existing AOP services agreements we continue to provide Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates with services in support of its U.S. operations (aside from us), including services related to tax, financial and accounting support, legal support, trade compliance, marketing and, communications on an arm s-length basis. Under the tax allocation agreement, we are responsible for administering certain U.S. federal and state tax matters on behalf of Leonardo S.p.A. and its subsidiaries (including US Holding). The provision of such services may divert human and financial resources from focus on our business, and may expose us to additional risks and liabilities. Under our existing AOP services agreements, Leonardo S.p.A. and its affiliates continue to provide us with services, including services related to group training support. If Leonardo S.p.A. or its affiliates cease providing these services to us, either as a result of the termination of the relevant agreements or individual services thereunder or a failure by Leonardo S.p.A. or its affiliates to perform their respective obligations under these agreements, our costs of procuring these services or comparable replacement services may increase. In such event, we will work to replicate or replace these services; however we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the services at the same or better levels or at the same or lower costs directly from third-party providers. 
 44 

Some of our contracts with the U.S. government are classified, which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. 
 We derive a portion of our revenues from programs with the U.S. government that are subject to security restrictions that preclude the dissemination of information that is classified for national security purposes. We are limited in our ability to provide details about these classified programs, their risks or any disputes or claims relating to such programs, and may not disclose such information pursuant to SEC rules permitting confidential treatment of certain information. As a result, investors and others might have less insight into our classified programs than our other businesses and, therefore, less ability to fully evaluate the risks related to our classified business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 45 

ITEM 2. Properties 
 We are headquartered in Arlington, Virginia. Our principal executive offices are leased under a lease agreement expiring March 31, 2027 with an option to extend for five years thereafter. We also lease space in 16 other states and the District of Columbia in the United States, one city in Canada and three cities in Israel. Regarding the three leases in Israel, one of the sites contains a land lease and a building which is owned (described further below) and the other two sites are under 10,000 square feet. Additionally, we own properties in three states in the United States and in one city in Canada as well as the aforementioned building in Israel. The owned building is situated on land leased form the Israeli Land Authority for a period of 49 years ending in 2034. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our intended use and sufficient for our immediate needs, including to meet any security certification requirements or requirements for locating facilities in certain locations. It is not certain whether we will negotiate new leases as existing leases expire or whether we will be able to negotiate new leases without substantial cost or at all. Such determinations will be made as existing leases approach expiration and will be based on an assessment of our requirements at that time. Further, we believe that we can obtain additional space, if necessary, based on prior experience and current real estate market conditions. The table below provides additional information about our significant leased and owned facilities and properties. 
 Location Activities Operating Segment Approximate Square Footage Owned / Leased 4265 North 30th Street, Milwaukee, WI Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse, Office Integrated Mission Systems 610,800 Leased 1 McDaniel Street, West Plains, MO Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse, Office Integrated Mission Systems 447,067 Owned Good Hope Rd., Menomonee Falls, WI Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse Integrated Mission Systems 372,856 Leased 100 North Babcock Street, Melbourne, FL Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 336,287 Leased 6060 Highway, High Ridge, MO Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Integrated Mission Systems 183,600 Owned 4545 Innovation Way, Bridgeton, MO Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse, Office Integrated Mission Systems 171,500 Leased One Milestone Center Court, Germantown, MD Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 133,140 Leased 
 46 

7200 Redstone Gateway, Huntsville, AL Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 131,498 Leased 246 Airport Road, Johnstown, PA Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 129,716 Leased 500 Palladium Drive, Ottawa, ON, Canada Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 127,334 Leased 401 Flint Drive, Menomonee Falls, WI Engineering, Office Integrated Mission Systems 118,620 Leased 166 Boulder Drive, Building #2, Fitchburg, MA Manufacturing, Warehouse Integrated Mission Systems 114,454 Leased 6200 118th Avenue North, Largo, FL Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 113,329 Owned 10600 Valley View Street, Cypress, CA Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 91,506 Leased 13532 N Central Expressway, Dallas, TX Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 89,982 Leased 645 Anchors Street, Ft. Walton Beach, FL Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 74,304 Owned 21 South Street, Danbury, CT Manufacturing, Engineering, Warehouse, Office Integrated Mission Systems 74,300 Owned 1200 Sherman Street, Dallas, TX Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 73,646 Leased 1240 Seesetown Rd., Sidman, PA Distribution, Warehouse Advanced Sensing and Computing 72,450 Leased 
 47 

16465 Via Esprillo, San Diego, CA Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 67,762 Leased 7700 US Highway 1, Titusville, FL Warehouse Advanced Sensing and Computing 63,309 Leased 640 Lovejoy, Ft. Walton Beach, FL Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 60,465 Owned 2345 Crystal Dr., Arlington, VA Office Corporate 49,048 Leased 13544 N Central Expressway, Dallas, TX Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 48,374 Leased Block 22844 Portions of Plots 90, 91, Beit She an Israel Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 30,000 Owned 150 Bluewater Road, Bedford, NS, Canada Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 41,750 Owned 11 Durant Ave, Bethel, Ct Distribution Warehouse Integrated Mission Systems 37,840 Leased 20511 Seneca Meadows Parkway, Germantown, MD Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 35,583 Leased 825 Greenbrier Circle, Chesapeake, VA Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 34,299 Leased 1021 Production Ct, Madison, AL Distribution, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 33,000 Leased 651 Anchors Street, Ft. Walton Beach, FL Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 32,107 Owned 1620 Old Airport Road, West Plains, MO Distribution, Warehouse Integrated Mission Systems 30,000 Leased 2601 Mission Point Blvd, Beavercreek, OH Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 27,306 Leased 
 48 

1057 South Sherman, Richardson, TX Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 26,696 Leased 590 Territorial Drive, Bolingbrook, IL Manufacturing, Engineering, Office Advanced Sensing and Computing 26,460 Leased 166 Boulder Drive, Fitchburg, MA Engineering, Office Integrated Mission Systems 22,000 Leased 26 Castilian Drive, Goleta, CA Engineering, Office Integrated Mission Systems 20,823 Leased 
 
 49 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are subject to certain legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. These matters are subject to many uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters ultimately could be decided, resolved or settled in a manner adverse to us. Although the precise amount of liability that may result from these matters is not ascertainable, we believe that any amounts exceeding our recorded accruals should not materially adversely affect our financial condition or liquidity. It is possible, however, that the ultimate resolution of those matters could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and/or cash flows from operating activities for a particular reporting period. We establish reserves for specific legal matters when we determine that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. 
 Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (also known as CERCLA or the Superfund law and similar state statutes, can impose liability upon former owners or operators for the entire cost of investigating and remediating contaminated sites regardless of the lawfulness of the original activities that led to the contamination. In July 2000, an entity which later became a subsidiary of the Company received a Section 104(e) Request for Information RFI from the National Park Service NPS ), pursuant to CERCLA, regarding the presence of radioactive material at a site within a national park, which site was operated by an alleged predecessor to our subsidiary over 50 years ago. Following our subsidiary s response to the RFI, the NPS directed it and another alleged former operator to perform an Engineering Evaluation and Cost Analysis EE/CA of a portion of the site. Our subsidiary made a good faith offer to conduct an alternative EE/CA work plan, but the NPS rejected this offer and opted to perform the EE/CA itself. The NPS previously posted its intention to open a formal public comment period regarding the EE/CA at the end of 2019. To our knowledge, the EE/CA has not been released and a public comment period has yet to be opened. 
 Following completion of the EE/CA, the NPS may seek reimbursement for its investigative and remedial efforts to date, or direct one or more of the potentially responsible parties to perform any remediation that may be required by CERCLA or may enter an alternative dispute resolution proceeding to attempt to resolve each party s share. In addition, the NPS may seek to recover damages for loss of use of certain natural resources. We believe that we have legitimate defenses to our subsidiary s potential liability and that there are other potentially responsible parties for the environmental conditions at the site, including the U.S. government as owner, operator and arranger at the site. The potential liability associated with this matter could change substantially due to such factors as additional information on the nature or extent of contamination, methods of remediation that might be recommended or required, changes in the apportionment of costs among the responsible parties, whether the NPS seeks to recover additional damages, whether the NPS s plans to investigate additional areas to identify a need for further remedial action for which the Company may be identified as a potentially responsible party and other actions by governmental agencies or private parties. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

SUPPLEMENTARY ITEM INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers, including the respective age of each individual, as of December 31, 2022. Biographies of each of our executive officers are also below. 
 50 

Name Age Position William J. Lynn III 68 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman John A. Baylouny 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Michael D. Dippold 42 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mark A. Dorfman 48 Executive Vice President, General Counsel Secretary Sally A. Wallace 56 Executive Vice President, Business Operations 
 William J. Lynn III 
 Mr. Lynn has been a director since 2012 and has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 2012. Mr. Lynn also serves as Chairman of our Board. Prior to joining DRS in January 2012, Mr. Lynn served as the 30th United States Deputy Secretary of Defense from 2009 to 2011. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Lynn was Senior Vice President of Government Operations and Strategy at the Raytheon Company. 
 In this position, he directed strategic planning, oversaw merger and acquisition activities and supervised government relations. Previously, he served as the Chief Financial Officer and Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) from 1997 to 2001. From 1993 to 1997, he led strategic planning for the DoD as Director of Program Analysis and Evaluation. Mr. Lynn worked for Senator Ted Kennedy as counsel to the Senate Armed Services Committee from 1987 to 1993. 
 Mr. Lynn is a member of the boards of Accenture Federal Services, the United Service Organizations, the Atlantic Council, the Marshall Legacy Institute and the Center for a New American Security. He has been recognized for numerous professional and service contributions, including four DoD Distinguished Public Service medals and the Distinguished Civilian Service Award from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. A graduate of Dartmouth College, Mr. Lynn holds a juris doctor degree from Cornell Law School and a master s degree from the Princeton School of Public and International Affairs. Mr. Lynn brings to the Board his extensive experience in national security, both in government and in industry. 
 John A. Baylouny 
 Mr. Baylouny has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since October 2018. In that role, Mr. Baylouny is responsible for overseeing the business operations and technical strategy of the Company. Prior to assuming the position of Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Baylouny served as our Chief Technology Officer from January 2017 to October 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Baylouny served as Vice President and General Manager of the Company s Land Systems and Advanced ISR businesses from January 2014 to January 2017, among other leadership roles. Mr. Baylouny has more than 30 years of experience in the aerospace and defense industry with diverse experience in operational responsibility, general management, technology, product and system design and development, and program management. 
 Mr. Baylouny has a master s degree in electrical engineering from Stevens Institute of Technology, and a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Fairleigh Dickinson University. 
 Michael D. Dippold 
 Michael Dippold has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2017. As the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Dippold is responsible for overseeing our financial activities and operations, controllership, treasury functions, and economic and business-related strategies. In addition, he currently resides on the USO Board of Governors. Throughout his career at DRS, Mr. Dippold has held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility. Prior to assuming the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Dippold served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller from December 2015 to January 2017, and Vice President, Assistant Controller from December 2010 to December 2015. Prior to joining DRS in 2006, Mr. Dippold spent three years at KPMG LLP where he worked primarily on defense industry client accounts, including DRS. 
 51 

Mr. Dippold received a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Pennsylvania State University. 
 Mark A. Dorfman 
 Mr. Dorfman has been our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since February 2011. Mr. Dorfman is responsible for providing advice and counsel to the Company s Board and executive leadership of the Company on legal and business matters. As the Company s chief legal officer, Mr. Dorfman oversees the Company's legal and regulatory affairs, including transactions, litigation, corporate governance, internal audit, contracts, insurance, intellectual property protection, and ethics and compliance programs (including environmental health and safety, international trade, and industrial and cyber security). Mr. Dorfman joined the Company in 2005 as corporate counsel and was promoted multiple times between 2006 and 2011 to his current executive leadership position. Prior to assuming the position of Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Mr. Dorfman served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from December 2009 to February 2011; Vice President, Corporate Counsel from March 2006 to December 2009; and Corporate Counsel from September 2005 to March 2006. 
 Prior to joining DRS, from 1999 to 2005, Mr. Dorfman was a corporate attorney first at Chadbourne Parke LLP and then Lowenstein Sandler PC, where his practice included representation of corporate and other clients in connection with mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, public and private securities offerings, joint ventures and other complex transactions and providing advice and counsel on a variety of matters, including securities law and corporate governance. 
 Mr. Dorfman holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Emory University and a juris doctor degree from New York University School of Law. 
 Sally A. Wallace 
 Ms. Wallace has been our Executive Vice President, Business Operations since December 2016. As Executive Vice President, Business Operations, Ms. Wallace is responsible for overseeing the policies and standards required for effective program execution. Ms. Wallace has more than 30 years experience, in roles of increasing responsibility, within the defense industry. Prior to assuming the position of Executive Vice President, Operations, Ms. Wallace was President of the C4ISR Group within DRS from April 2014 to December 2016, Vice President of Business Operations for DRS Maritime and Combat Support Systems Group from July 2008 to April 2014, as well as the Vice President and General Manager of DRS Power and Control Technologies from 2004 to July 2008. 
 Ms. Wallace has a master s degree in business from the University of Chicago, a master s degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Connecticut and a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering physics from Grove City College. 

PART II 
 52 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our stock is listed on the Nasdaq and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the symbol DRS . 
 Dividends 
 We do not currently, nor do we expect to in the future, pay quarterly cash dividends. Such payments are at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, alternative uses of capital and other factors that our Board may consider at its discretion. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Report. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 The Transfer Agent and Registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer LLC located at 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219. On March 27, 2023 there were 42 registered holders of record of our common stock. 
 Common Stock Share Repurchase Program 
 We do not currently have a common stock share repurchase program. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return, from November 29, 2022, the date our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq, through December 31, 2022 for our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Index (the S P 500 Index and the Standard Poor s Aerospace Defense Select Industry Index (the S P A D Select Industry Index ). For purposes of this comparison, we have assumed that dividends have been reinvested, and the returns of each company in the S P 500 Index and the S P A D Select Industry Index have been weighted to reflect relative stock market capitalization. 
 The following performance graph does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other previous or future filings by us under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate the performance graph by reference therein. 
 
 53 

54 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 55 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read this discussion together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 This discussion and other parts of this document include forward-looking statements such as those relating to our plans, objectives, expectations and beliefs, which involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Business Overview and Considerations 
 General 
 DRS is an innovative and agile provider of advanced defense technology to U.S. national security customers and allies around the world. We specialize in the design, development and manufacture of advanced sensing, network computing, force protection, as well as electric power and propulsion. The strength of our market positioning in these technology areas have created a foundational and diverse base of programs across the Department of Defense DoD ). We believe these technologies will not only support our customers in today s mission but will also underpin their strategy to migrate towards more autonomous, dynamic, interconnected, and multi-domain capabilities needed to defend against evolving and emerging threats. We view more advanced capabilities in sensing, computing, self-protection and power as necessary to enable these strategic priorities. 
 Our overall strategy is to be a balanced and diversified company, less vulnerable to any one budgetary platform or service decision with a specific focus on establishing strong technical and market positions in areas of priority for the DoD. The DoD is our largest customer and, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounted for approximately 84 and 86 , respectively, of our business as an end-user, with revenues principally derived directly or indirectly from contracts with the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy, which represented 37 and 32 , and 38 and 31 , respectively, of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Our operations and reporting are structured into the following three technology driven segments based on the capabilities and solutions offered to our customers: 
 Advanced Sensing and Computing 
 Our Advanced Sensing and Computing ASC segment designs, develops and manufactures sensing and network computing technology that enables real-time situational awareness required for enhanced operational decision making and execution by our customers. 
 Our sensing capabilities span numerous applications, including missions requiring advanced detection, precision targeting and surveillance sensing, long range electro-optic/infrared EO/IR ), signals intelligence SIGINT and other intelligence systems, electronic warfare EW ), ground vehicle sensing, next generation active electronically scanned array AESA tactical radars, dismounted soldier sensing and space sensing. Across our offerings, we are focused on advancing sensor distance and enhancing the precision, clarity, definition, spectral depth and effectiveness of our sensors. We also seek to leverage the knowledge and expertise built through our decades of experience to optimize size, weight, power and cost for our customers specific mission requirements. 
 Our sensing capabilities are complemented by our rugged, trusted and cyber resilient network computing products. Our network computing offerings are utilized across a broad range of mission applications including platform computing on ground and shipboard (both surface ship and submarine) for 
 56 

advanced battle management, combat systems, radar, command and control C2 ), tactical networks, tactical computing and communications. These products help support the DoD s need for greater situational understanding at the tactical edge by rapidly transmitting data securely between command centers and forward-positioned defense assets and personnel. 
 Integrated Mission Systems 
 Our Integrated Mission Systems IMS segment designs, develops, manufactures and integrates power conversion, control and distribution systems, ship propulsion systems, motors and variable frequency drives, force protection systems, and transportation and logistics systems for the U.S. military and allied defense customers. 
 DRS is currently a leading provider of next-generation electrical propulsion systems for the U.S. Navy. We provide power conversion, control, distribution and propulsion systems for the Navy s top priority shipbuilding programs, including the Columbia Class ballistic missile submarine, the first modern U.S. electric drive submarine. 
 We believe DRS is well positioned to meet the needs of an increasingly electrified fleet with our high-efficiency, power dense permanent magnet motors, energy storage systems and associated efficient, rugged and compact power conversion, electrical actuation systems, and advanced cooling technologies. 
 DRS has a long history of providing a number of other critical products to the U.S. Navy with a significant installed base on submarines, aircraft carriers and other surface ships including motor controllers, instrumentation and control equipment, electrical actuation systems, and thermal management systems for electronics and ship stores refrigeration. 
 DRS is also an integrator of complex systems in ground vehicles for short-range air defense, counter-unmanned aerial systems C-UAS ), and vehicle survivability and protection. Our short-range air defense systems integrate EW equipment, reconnaissance and surveillance systems, modular combat vehicle turrets, and stabilized sensor suites, as well as kinetic countermeasures to protect against evolving threats. Our force protection systems, including solutions for C-UAS and active protection systems on army vehicles help protect personnel and defense assets from enemy combatants. 
 Focus on Customer and Execution 
 DRS and its employees focus on our end-customers the men and women of the armed forces in the U.S. and its allies. We seek to provide high-quality equipment and services to support their mission success. We strive for excellence in everything we do, in every job in our Company, in order to satisfy our customers needs embedded in our contractual commitments. We seek to ensure that we learn from every lesson experienced in our Company and insist that these lessons affect all elements of our businesses. This approach permeates through the Company with a focus on continuous improvement at every level. 
 Part of this learning has resulted in institutionalizing our continuous improvement process through our APEX program, which is transforming this year from Operational Excellence to Business Excellence. The APEX program s goal is to strive for continuous improvement through unification of all of our business practices, tools and metrics, ongoing employee training and innovation. We believe that excellence is not a destination, but by constantly challenging ourselves to be better, we will improve, and ultimately approach excellence. We challenge ourselves to exceed our customers expectations and we partner with them to work to ensure that our execution meets their needs. 
 Continuous improvement, through the APEX program also allows us to improve our efficiency, which contributes to increased margins, helps us to remain competitive and allows us to make strategic investments, all while maintaining our focus on customer satisfaction. In these elements, our goals are aligned with those of our customers. We are humbled by the dedication and sacrifice that our ultimate customers have made to serve and we work to perform for them with excellence in everything we do. 
 57 

Global Events and Business Impacts 
 COVID-19 
 The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic caused certain disruptions to our business, including various adverse supply chain impacts which are anticipated to continue into 2023. 
 Ukraine Invasion 
 In February 2022 Russia escalated its war with Ukraine by invading and occupying parts of that country. Since that time, western powers, including the U.S., have pledged support with humanitarian and military aid. Some of that military aid pledged by the U.S. will result in increased efforts to replace equipment and consumables. We have received orders from the U.S. and allies to both provide equipment in support of this effort, and to replace equipment pledged. We expect that these orders will continue until that support is no longer needed and the equipment pledged is replaced. 
 Business Environment 
 Revenues derived directly, as a prime contractor, or indirectly, as a subcontractor, from contracts with the U.S. government represented 84 , 86 and 84 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our U.S. government sales are highly concentrated within our DoD customers, which made up the overwhelming majority of our U.S. government revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and are principally derived directly or indirectly from contracts with the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy, which represented 37 and 32 , respectively, of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Therefore, our revenue is highly correlated to changes in U.S. government spending levels, especially within the DoD. 
 The DoD budget is the largest defense budget in the world. 
 The U.S. President s government fiscal year 2024 budget request included 842 billion for national defense programs, which marks continued growth from prior years. The most recent National Defense Strategy and annual defense budget request continue to prioritize a strategic focus on countering and deterring threats from near-peer adversaries. We believe that the level and growth of the defense budget as well as strategic priorities requiring more advanced and sophisticated defense technology capabilities create a favorable market environment for DRS. 
 Operating Performance Assessment and Reporting 
 For the majority of our contracts, revenues are recognized using the over time, percentage of completion cost-to-cost method of accounting, with revenue recognized based on the ratio of cumulative costs incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion. For contracts accounted for in this way, our reported revenues may contain amounts which we have not billed to customers if we have incurred costs, and recognized related profits, in excess of billed progress or performance based payments. 
 Under U.S. GAAP, contract costs, including allowable general and administrative expenses on certain government contracts, are charged to work-in-progress inventory and are written off to costs and expenses as revenues are recognized. The Federal Acquisition Regulations FAR and the defense supplement DFARS ), incorporated by reference in U.S. government contracts, provide that internal research and development costs are allowable general and administrative expenses. Unallowable costs, pursuant to the FAR, are excluded from costs accumulated on U.S. government contracts. 
 Our defense contracts and subcontracts that require the submission of cost or pricing data are subject to audit, various profit and cost controls, and standard provisions for termination at the convenience of the customer. The DCAA performs these audits on behalf of the U.S. government. The DCAA has the right to perform audits on our incurred costs on cost-type or price redeterminable-type 
 58 

contracts on a yearly basis. Approval of an incurred cost submission can take from one to three years from the date of the submission of the contract cost. 
 U.S. government contracts are, by their terms, subject to termination by the U.S. government for either convenience or default by the contractor. Fixed-price contracts provide for payment upon termination for items delivered to and accepted by the U.S. government and, if the termination is for convenience, for payment of fair compensation of work performed plus the costs of settling and paying claims by terminated subcontractors, other settlement expenses and a reasonable profit on the costs incurred. Cost-plus contracts provide that, upon termination, the contractor is entitled to reimbursement of its allowable costs and, if the termination is for convenience, a total fee proportionate to the percentage of the work completed under the contract. If a contract termination is for default, however, the contractor is paid an amount agreed upon for completed and partially completed products and services accepted by the U.S. government. In these circumstances, the U.S. government is not liable for excess costs incurred by us in procuring undelivered items from another source. 
 In addition to the right of the U.S. government to terminate U.S. government contracts, such contracts are conditioned upon the continuing availability of Congressional appropriations. Congress usually appropriates funds for a given program on a September 30 fiscal year basis, even though contract performance may take many years. Consequently, at the outset of a major program, the contract is typically only partially funded, and additional funds normally are committed to the contract by the procuring agency only as appropriations are made by Congress for future fiscal years. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Results from Operations 
 The following discussion of operating results is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, as well as individual segments, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020. Given the nature of our business, we believe revenue and earnings from operations are most relevant to an understanding of our performance at a business and segment level. Our operating cycle is lengthy and involves various types of production 
 59 

contracts and varying delivery schedules. Accordingly, operating results in a particular year may not be indicative of future operating results. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Variance 2021 vs. 2020 Variance (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Total revenues 2,693 2,879 2,778 (186) (6.5) 101 3.6 Total cost of revenues (2,118) (2,332) (2,284) 214 (9.2) (48) 2.1 Gross profit 575 547 494 28 5.1 53 10.7 Gross margin 21.4 19.0 17.8 2.4 12.4 1.2 6.8 General and administrative expenses (357) (293) (283) (64) 21.8 (10) 3.5 Amortization of intangibles (10) (9) (9) (1) 11.1 Other operating expenses, net 353 (9) (21) 362 (4022.2) 12 (57.1) Operating earnings 561 236 181 325 137.7 55 30.4 Interest expense (34) (35) (64) 1 (2.9) 29 (45.3) Other, net (2) (1) (5) (1) 100.0 4 (80.0) Earnings before taxes 525 200 112 325 162.5 88 NM Income tax provision 120 46 27 74 160.9 19 NM Net earnings 405 154 85 251 163.0 69 NM Basic EPS (1) 
 1.88 0.73 0.40 1.15 157.5 0.33 NM Diluted EPS (1) 
 1.88 0.73 0.40 1.15 157.3 0.33 NM Backlog (2) 
 4,269 2,861 3,291 1,408 49.2 (430) (13.1) Bookings (2) 
 3,156 2,595 3,055 561 21.6 (460) (15.1) 
 ______________ 
 NM- percentage change not meaningful 
 (1) Gives effect to a 1,450,000-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected on February 25, 2021 and a 1.451345331-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected November 23, 2022. 
 
 (2) See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We may not realize the full value of our total estimated contract value or bookings, including as a result of reduction of funding or cancellation of our U.S. government contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in this Annual Report. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 are highlighted by our record 4.3 billion of backlog showing the strong demand for our mission critical technologies. This is coupled with strong program performance driving margin expansion despite the macro inflation and supply chain headwinds realized across the industry. 
 Revenue of 2,693 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 represented a decline of (186) million ((6.5) driven primarily from the timing and magnitude of the GES disposition (net divestiture impact). Despite the revenue decline, our gross profit of 575 million increased 28 million from the prior year results attributed to improved program performance including the successful contract modification on 
 60 

the second ship set on our Columbia Class program which contributed an incremental 15 million for the period. Additionally, our operating earnings and net earnings grew 325 million (137.7 and 251 million (163.0 from the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively, attributed in large part to the gain realized on the GES disposition. 
 Our backlog of 4.3 billion at December 31, 2022 represents a diversified, balanced portfolio supported by foundational programs strongly aligned in areas of, in our view, growing importance within the DoD budget priorities. Our backlog position is highlighted by the recent awards received to support the electric power and propulsion system for the Columbia Class production program as well as continued demand in our Force Protection and Advanced sensing programs. The increases in these program lines more than offset the backlog reduction from the disposition of our GES business unit. We believe the performance on these and other programs within our portfolio will support continued revenue growth while the transition from development efforts to production will continue our trend of earnings growth and margin expansion. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2021 are highlighted by our financial performance including strong margin expansion, free cash flow generation and continued revenue growth, all while we were continuing to combat the impacts of the global pandemic. Revenue of 2,879 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 represented year over year growth of 101 million (3.6 while our gross profit of 547 million increased 53 million from the prior year attributed primarily to improved contractual performance on our Columbia Class efforts. Additionally, operating earnings and net earnings grew 55 million (30.4 and 69 million (81.2 from the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively driven largely by the gross profit improvement. 
 Our backlog of 2.9 billion at December 31, 2021 represents a diversified, balanced portfolio supported by foundational programs strongly aligned in areas of, in our view, growing importance within the DoD budget priorities. Our backlog position is highlighted by the recent awards received on next generation Airborne Force Protection and Dismounted Soldier Sensing programs at our ASC segment, production contracts received to provide propulsion system and electrical components on the Columbia-class submarine and CVN Carrier Class programs at our IMS segment and our legacy positions within our ASC segment including our flagship Mounted Family of Computer Systems MFoCS ruggedized computing and battle management system, Global Access Network and naval network and hardware programs. We believe the performance on these and other programs within our portfolio will support continued revenue growth while the transition from development efforts to production will continue our trend of earnings growth and margin expansion. 
 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 , Revenue declined by (186) million, or (6.5) , to 2,693 million from 2,879 million for year ended December 31, 2021. The revenue decline in 2022 was primarily due to the disposal of GES in August 109 million). In addition to the net divestiture impact, the availability of supply chain components within our ASC segment resulted in a reduction in revenue year over year of over 100 million. Additionally our tactical computing programs were negatively impacted by customer staffing levels which limited our annual procurement 47 million). These shortfalls were offset in part by year over year revenue expansion of 3 at our IMS segment, driven by enhanced demand for our submarine propulsion efforts on the Columbia Class with the Navy 82 million) and for our critical short range air defense and Counter UAS programs to combat emerging threats 38 million). 
 
 61 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, Revenue increased by 101 million, or 3.6 , to 2,879 million from 2,778 million for year ended December 31, 2020. The revenue growth in 2021 was primarily due to an increase of 126 million at our IMS segment, driven by contracted efforts to provide the U.S. Army with Mission Equipment Packages to support mobile short range air defense capabilities 158 million) and continued progress providing power conversion equipment and electrical components and systems to the U.S. Navy to support the CVN 80/81 carrier 72 million) and Columbia Class program 36 million). The IMS revenue growth was partially offset by the completion of the urgent operational needs TROPHY TM APS program 93 million) which realized significant production efforts in 2020. Offsetting the IMS results was a 18 million revenue decrease at our ASC segment attributed primarily to a reduction in naval electronics hardware programs and bandwidth demands on certain global network programs, partially offset by a ramp up of full-rate production efforts on next generation dismounted soldier targeting systems with the U.S. Army 37 million). 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Cost of revenues decreased 214 million, or 9.2 , from 2,332 million to 2,118 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the 6.5 decrease in revenue as described above coupled with improved program performance further driving the decline. The improved programmatic performance is highlighted by our electrical components and system programs with the U.S. Navy on the Columbia Class program which enhanced our gross margin percentage to 21.4 , a 240 bps increase from the prior year. Despite the improved program performance however we did realize adjustments on cost at completion estimates which negatively impacted earnings with charges totaling 1 of revenue for the period ended December 31, 2022, consistent with the prior year; see Note 3: Revenue from Contracts with Customers and Note 20: Segment Information for further detail. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Cost of revenues increased 48 million, or 2.1 , from 2,284 million to 2,332 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the 3.7 increase in revenue as described above. The cost of revenues growth was favorably offset by improved program performance on certain of our development programs as they transition from development to production. The improved programmatic performance is highlighted by our electrical components and system programs with the U.S. Navy on the Columbia Class program. Despite the improved program performance however we did realize adjustments on cost at completion estimates which negatively impacted earnings with charges totaling 1 of revenue for the period ended December 31, 2021; see Note 3: Revenue from Contracts with Customers for further detail. 
 Gross Profit 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Gross profit increased 28 million, or 5.1 , from 547 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 575 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, despite the decline in revenue, attributed to favorable program performance, including the improved execution and contract modification realized on the Columbia Class program efforts as noted above. The contract modification positively impacted the full year by 15 million. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Gross profit increased 53 million, or 10.7 , from 494 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 547 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by revenue growth and 
 62 

favorable program performance, including the improved execution on the Columbia Class program efforts as noted above. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 64 million, or 21.8 , from 293 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 357 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting primarily from expenditures attributed to our disposition of GES and AAC as well as our merger with RADA. These transactions contributed 38 million of additional expenses for the period. Investments related to Independent Research and Development (IR D) costs also increased 10 million as compared to 2021. Additionally we realized an increase in General and Administrative spend driven by public company costs, including legal and accounting support as well as cost of living adjustments required to retain our employees throughout the organization. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 10 million, or 3.5 , from 283 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 293 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting primarily from increases in discretionary investment of 7 million related to IR D. Additionally, we realized a slight increase in General and Administrative spend driven by increased travel costs and medical expenses when compared to the prior year where we experienced a reduction in these costs as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic. These costs were partially offset by a reduction in deal related transaction costs which peaked in 2020 with preparation for a potential public offering. 
 Other Operating Expenses, Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Other operating (expenses) / income increased by 362 million to 353 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 9 million) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase realized for the year ended December 31, 2022 is attributed to the gain realized on the GES and AAC disposals of 354 million. This is offset in part by 7 million of expenditures related to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 which did not occur in 2022. These costs included paid leave, personal protective equipment and other cleaning measures, and social and physical distancing efforts including the use of zones and subzones for manufacturing facilities. Please see Business Overview and Considerations Impacts of COVID-19 On Our Business for further details on COVID-19 impact on our business. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Other operating expenses decreased by 12 million to 9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 21 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, mainly due to lower restructuring costs and a reduction in costs incurred in response to impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. In total we incurred 7 million of expenditures related to the COVID-19 pandemic from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, compared to 12 million from March 1,2020 to December 31, 2020, to ensure a safe work environment for our employees. These costs included paid leave, personal protective equipment and other cleaning measures, and social and physical distancing efforts including the use of zones and subzones for manufacturing facilities. Please see Business Overview and Considerations Impacts of COVID-19 On Our Business for further details on the COVID-19 pandemic impact on our business. 
 63 

Amortization of Intangibles 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Amortization of intangibles for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 10 million were consistent with the year ended December 31, 2021, increasing 1 million attributed to the one month of amortization of intangible assets generated from the RADA transaction. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Amortization of intangibles for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 9 million were consistent with the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Operating Earnings 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Operating earnings increased by 325 million to 561 million, or 137.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 236 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by the gain on disposals of GES and AAC, improved program performance driven by improved performance at our IMS segment as noted above, offset by the deal related expenditures and IR D investments incurred. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Operating earnings increased by 55 million to 236 million, or 30.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 181 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, driven by the increased revenue output and related contribution margin as well as improved program performance driven by improved performance at our IMS segment as noted above. 
 Interest Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Interest expense decreased by 1 million to 34 million for year end December 31, 2022 from 35 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The reduction is attributed to the favorable impact of the new capital structure put into place subsequent to the RADA merger. For further detail se e Note 13: Debt f or further information regarding our debt. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Interest expense decreased by 29 million to 35 million for year end December 31, 2021 from 64 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The reduction in annual interest was primarily attributed to the 300 million of forgiveness of principal on our 7.5 Term Loan debt that occurred in December 2020. The weighted average interest rate on our revolving credit facility was 3.67 in 2021 compared to 4.36 in 2020. see Note 13: Debt for further detail. 
 Other, Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Other, net decreased to 2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 64 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Other, net decreased to 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily related to a loss realized on the termination on one of our international defined benefit pension plans recorded in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Earnings (Loss) Before Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Earnings before taxes increased by 325 million to 525 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 200 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to increased operating earnings of 325 million, the reduction of 1 million in interest expenditures and a reduction in other, net costs of 1 million as described above. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Earnings before taxes increased by 88 million to 200 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 112 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to increased operating earnings of 55 million, the reduction of 29 million in interest expenditures and a reduction in other, net costs of 4 million as described above. 
 Income Tax Provision 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Income tax provision increased by 74 million to 120 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 46 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to an increase in earnings before taxes. Our effective tax rate for 2022 was 22.9 compared to 23.0 in 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company had 31 million of Federal net operating loss carryforwards that can be utilized to reduce approximately 5 million of future tax liabilities prior to their expiration commencing in 2025. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Income tax provision increased by 19 million to 46 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 27 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to an increase in earnings before taxes. Our effective tax rate for 2021 was 23.0 compared to 24.1 in 2020. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to a decrease in non-deductible costs in connection with planned deal related expenditures of 9 million incurred during 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2021 the Company had 28 million of Federal net operating loss carryforwards and 23 million of net tax credit carry-forwards that can be utilized to reduce approximately 30 million of future tax liabilities prior to their expiration commencing in 2025. 
 Net Earnings 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net earnings increased by 251 million to 405 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was driven by increased earnings before taxes of 325 million offset by an increased income tax provision of 74 million as described above. 
 65 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Net earnings increased by 69 million to 154 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 when compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This was driven by increased earnings before taxes of 88 million offset by an increased income tax provision of 19 million as described above. 
 Basic and Diluted EPS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 260,234,033 shares of common stock outstanding, increasing 49,788,960 shares from the December 31, 2021 shares outstanding of 210,445,073. The increased share count is attributed to shares issued to consummate the RADA merger. Despite the increased share count, for the year ended December 31, 2022, there was minimal impact to the weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average shares outstanding totaled 214,943,608 and 215,133,357 for basic and diluted shares respectively. The weighted average basic and diluted share count increased 4,498,535 and 4,688,284 as compared to the prior year basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, respectively. The increase in weighted average shares outstanding is attributed to the current year equity grants and the impact of the RADA merger, see Note 16: Share-based Compensation Plans for further detail. The increased shares outstanding resulted in 1.88 for both basic and diluted EPS as compared to the prior year results of 0.73 for both basic and diluted EPS. The increase in EPS is attributed to the net earnings growth described above. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no changes in the number of basic and diluted shares. No equity awards were issued during such year. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were 210,445,073 shares of common stock outstanding (after giving effect to a 1,450,000-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected on February 25, 2021 and a 1.451345331-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected November 23, 2022 ), resulting in a basic and diluted EPS of 0.73 and 0.40 per share for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in EPS is attributed to the net earnings growth described above. 
 Backlog 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Backlog increased by 1,408 million, or 49.2 , from 2,861 million as of December 31, 2021 to 4,269 million as of December 31, 2022. The backlog increase was driven primarily by the receipt of a multi-submarine contract to support the electric propulsion efforts on the Columbia Class submarine program with the U.S. Navy resulting in an additional 1,083 million of unfunded backlog. In addition, funded backlog also increased driven from the strong bookings performance as detailed below. Funded backlog expanded 273 million driven by our ground vehicle sensing 86 million), counter UAS and Short Range Air Defense 50 million) and tactical computing 57 million) programs. These increases more than offset the reduction of the net divestiture impact of backlog 123 million from the GES disposition. Please see Review of Operating Segments below for a more detailed analysis. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Backlog decreased by (430) million, or 13.1 , from 3,291 million as of December 31, 2020 to 2,861 million as of December 31, 2021. The backlog decrease was driven by our progress on our Naval 
 66 

Programs within our IMS segment. Please see Review of Operating Segments below for a more detailed analysis. 
 Bookings 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated bookings of 3,156 million, a 21.6 increase over the 2,595 million realized during the year ended December 31, 2021. The bookings increase is attributed to both of our segments with our IMS and ASC segments realizing bookings growth of 30.6 and 16.8 , respectively. Please see Review of Operating Segments below for a more detailed analysis. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Our business cycle is such that program allocated funding that supports our bookings is largely funded incrementally to support 12 - 15 months of revenue output, depending on the program. Throughout the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, we realized a surge in multi-year funding of programs that impacted our bookings trend for the period ended December 31, 2021 but allows for our continued revenue growth. For the cumulative three-year period ended December 31, 2021, we have realized new awards totaling 8,573 million while generating revenue of 8,371 million a ratio of greater than 1:1. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we generated bookings of 2,595 million, 15.1 less than the 3,055 million realized during the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease, as noted above, was anticipated as significant multi-year production awards received during the year ended December 31, 2020. The multi-year production awards realized in 2020 includes the receipt of multi-year funding received on our naval power and propulsion programs to support the CVN 80/81 carriers program and production awards for next generation Dismounted Soldier Sensing and Airborne Force Protection programs with the U.S. Army, which reduced annual bookings by 210 million and 193 million, respectively. 

Key Non-GAAP Operating Measures 
 Overview 
 We measure our business using both key financial and operating data including key performance indicators KPIs and non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to the operational analysis detailed above, we also use the following non-GAAP metrics to manage our business, monitor results of operations and ensure proper allocation of capital: (i) Adjusted EBITDA, (ii) Adjusted EBITDA Margin, (iii) Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share EPS and (iv) Free Cash Flow. We believe that these financial performance metrics represent the primary drivers of value enhancement, balancing both short and long-term indicators of increased shareholder value. These are the metrics we use to measure our results and evaluate our business and related contract performance. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Variance 2021 vs. 2020 Variance (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 318 310 268 8 2.7 42 15.7 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (2) 
 11.8 10.8 9.6 1.1 9.8 1.1 11.6 Adjusted diluted EPS (1)(2) 
 0.83 0.83 0.58 0.01 0.6 0.25 NM Free cash flow (2) 
 74 122 82 (48) (39.7) 40 49.4 
 ______________ 
 NM- percentage change not meaningful 
 (1) Note on non-GAAP financial measures: Throughout the discussion of our results of operations we use non-GAAP financial measures including Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Diluted EPS, and Free 
 67 

Cash Flow, as measures of our overall performance. Definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP are included below. 
 (2) Gives effect to a 1,450,000-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected on February 25, 2021 and a 1.451345331-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected November 23, 2022. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We believe the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this document will help investors understand our financial condition and operating results and assess our future prospects. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures, each of which is discussed in greater detail below, are important supplemental measures because they exclude unusual or non-recurring items as well as non-cash items that are unrelated to or may not be indicative of our ongoing operating results. Further, when read in conjunction with our U.S. GAAP results, these non-GAAP financial measures provide a baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses and can be used by management as a tool to help make financial, operational and planning decisions. Finally, these measures are often used by analysts and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry by providing more comparable measures that are less affected by factors such as capital structure. 
 We recognize that these non-GAAP financial measures have limitations, including that they may be calculated differently by other companies or may be used under different circumstances or for different purposes, thereby affecting their comparability from company to company. In order to compensate for these and the other limitations discussed below, management does not consider these measures in isolation from or as alternatives to the comparable financial measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Readers should review the reconciliations below and should not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 We define these non-GAAP financial measures as: 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as our net earnings before income taxes, amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation, restructuring costs, interest, deal related transaction costs, other non-operating expenses such as foreign exchange, COVID-19 response costs, non-service pension expenditures and other one-time non-operational events as well as gains (losses) on business disposals. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by revenue. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and they should not be considered an alternative to any financial measures that were calculated under U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are used to facilitate a comparison of the ordinary, ongoing and customary course of our operations on a consistent basis from period to period and provide an additional understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are driven by changes in volume, performance, contract mix and general and administrative expenses and investment levels. Performance, as used in this definition, refers to changes in profitability and is primarily based on adjustments to estimates at completion on individual contracts. These adjustments result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete the contract, or both. These measures therefore assist management and our board and may be useful to investors in comparing our operating performance consistently over time as they remove the impact of our capital structure, asset base and items outside the control of the management team and expenses that do not relate to our core operations. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin may not be comparable to similarly titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies as other companies may have calculated the measures differently. The reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net earnings is provided below: 
 68 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 Consolidated Entity Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings 405 154 85 Income tax provision 120 46 27 Amortization of intangibles 10 9 9 Depreciation 55 49 44 Restructuring costs 3 5 12 Interest expense 34 35 64 Deal related transaction costs 43 5 9 Other non-operating expense 2 7 18 Gain on sale of dispositions (354) Adjusted EBITDA 318 310 268 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 11.8 10.8 9.6 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 8 million, or 2.7 , from 310 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 318 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to favorable program performance, including the improved execution and contract modification realized on the Columbia Class program efforts as noted above. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 42 million, or 15.7 , from 268 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 310 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increased gross profit contribution attributed to revenue growth and favorable program performance improvements. 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin increased 90 bps from 10.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 11.8 for year ended December 31, 2022. This was primarily due to gross margin expansion attributable to favorable program performance realized at our IMS segment driven by our Columbia Class efforts as noted above. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin increased 120 bps from 9.6 for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 10.8 for year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to gross margin expansion attributable to favorable program performance realized at our IMS segment driven by our Columbia Class efforts as noted above. 
 
 Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 Adjusted Diluted EPS We calculate Adjusted Diluted EPS by excluding deal related transaction costs, acquisition and divestiture related expenses and COVID-19 response costs from our net earnings 
 69 

(loss) to arrive at Adjusted Diluted EPS. We believe that Adjusted Diluted EPS allows investors to effectively compare our core performance from period to period by excluding items that are not indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing business. Adjusted Diluted EPS has limitations as an analytical tool and does not represent and should not be considered an alternative to basic or diluted EPS as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The reconciliation of Adjusted Diluted EPS to U.S. GAAP EPS is shown below: 
 Consolidated Entity Reconciliation of Adjusted Diluted EPS: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings 405 154 85 Deal related transaction costs 43 5 9 Amortization of intangibles 10 9 9 Restructuring costs 3 5 12 Other non-operating expense 2 7 18 Gain on sale of dispositions, net of taxes (275) Tax effect of adjustments (9) (6) (11) Adjusted net earnings 179 174 122 Basic EPS (1) 
 1.88 0.73 0.40 Adjusted diluted EPS (1) 
 0.83 0.83 0.58 ________________ 
 (1) Gives effect to a 1,450,000-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected on February 25, 2021 and a 1.451345331-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected November 23, 2022. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 260,234,033 shares of common stock outstanding, increasing 49,788,960 shares from the December 31, 2021 shares outstanding of 210,445,073. The increased share count is attributed to shares issued to consummate the RADA merger. 
 Despite the increased share count, for the year ended December 31, 2022, there was minimal impact to the weighted average diluted shares outstanding, based on the timing of the incremental shares issued to consummate the transaction with RADA. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the diluted weighted average shares outstanding totaled 215,133,357. The weighted average diluted share count increased 4,688,284 as compared to the prior year. The increase in weighted average shares outstanding is attributed to the current year equity grants and the impact of the RADA merger, see Note 16: Share-based Compensation Plans for further detail. 
 For the period ended December 31, 2022, Adjusted EPS totaled 0.83 per share, consistent with the prior year. The increased in Adjusted Net Earnings was offset by the increase in weighted average shares outstanding. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no changes in the number of basic and diluted shares. No equity awards were issued during such year. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were 210,445,073 shares of common stock outstanding (after giving effect to a 1,450,000-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected on February 25, 2021 and a 1.451345331-for-1 forward stock split on our common stock effected November 23, 2022 ), resulting in adjusted EPS of 0.78 and 0.50 per share, respectively. The increase in EPS is attributed to the net earnings growth as compared to 2020. 
 
 70 

Free cash flow 
 Free Cash Flow We define free cash flow as the sum of the cash flows provided by operating activities and the cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities pertaining to capital expenditures and proceeds generated from the sale of capital assets. 
 We believe that free cash flow provides management and investors with an important measure of our ability to generate cash on a normalized basis. Free cash flow also provides insight into our flexibility to allocate capital and pursue opportunities that may enhance stockholder value. We believe that while expenditures and dispositions of property plant and equipment will fluctuate period to period, we seek to ensure that we have adequate capital on hand to maintain ongoing operations and enable growth of the business. Additionally, free cash flow is of limited usefulness, in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures, due to the fact the measures do not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments. The reconciliation between free cash flow and net cash provided by operating activities (the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure) is shown below: 
 Consolidated Entity Reconciliation of Free Cash Flow: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 33 178 125 Transaction related expenditures, net of tax 25 4 8 Tax payments on disposals 78 Capital expenditures (65) (60) (56) Proceeds from sales of assets 5 Dividends from investments 3 Free cash flow 74 122 82 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Free cash flow decreased by 48 million, or 39.7 , to 74 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 122 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This reduction in free cash flow is attributed to supply chain delays resulting increase investment in inventory and contract asset levels. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Free cash flow increased by 40 million, or 49.4 , to 122 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 82 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily attributable to the increase in net earnings of 69 million realized during the period. The free cash flow contribution from net earnings was partially offset by an increase of operating working capital relating to timing and the ongoing transition of development and the related contract asset liquidations. 

Factors Impacting Our Performance 
 U.S. Government Spending and Federal Budget Uncertainty 
 Changes in the volume and relative mix of U.S. government spending as well as areas of spending growth could impact our business and results of operations. In particular, our results can be affected by shifts in strategies and priorities on homeland security, intelligence, defense-related programs, 
 71 

infrastructure and urbanization and continued increased spending on technology and innovation, including cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, connected communities and physical infrastructure (for example, the potential impact for the Russia / Ukraine conflict). Cost-cutting and efficiency initiatives, current and future budget restrictions, spending cuts and other efforts to reduce government spending and shifts in overall priorities could cause our government customers to reduce or delay funding or invest appropriated funds on a less consistent basis or not at all, and demand for our solutions or services could diminish. Furthermore, any disruption in the functioning of government agencies, including as a result of government closures and shutdowns, could have a negative impact on our operations and cause us to lose revenue or incur additional costs due to, among other things, our inability to maintain access and schedules for government testing or deploy our staff to customer locations or facilities as a result of such disruptions. 
 There is also uncertainty around the timing, extent, nature and effect of Congressional and other U.S. government actions to address budgetary constraints, caps on the discretionary budget for defense and non-defense departments and agencies, and the ability of Congress to determine how to allocate the available budget authority and pass appropriations bills to fund both U.S. government departments and agencies that are, and those that are not, subject to the caps. Additionally, budget deficits and the growing U.S. national debt, may increase pressure on the U.S. government to reduce federal spending across all federal agencies, with uncertainty about the size and timing of those reductions. Furthermore, delays in the completion of future U.S. government budgets could in the future delay procurement of the federal government services we provide. A reduction in the amount of, or reductions, delays, or cancellations of funding for, services that we are contracted to provide to the U.S. government as a result of any of these impacts or related initiatives, legislation or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and changes in U.S. government priorities and spending levels more broadly may negatively impact our business and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations Please see also Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business Overview and Considerations Business Environment in this Annual Report for further details on U.S. government spending s impact on our business. 
 Operational Performance on Contracts 
 The Company recognizes revenue for each separately identifiable performance obligation in a contract representing an obligation to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer. In most cases, goods and services provided under the Company s contracts are accounted for as single performance obligations due to the complex and integrated nature of our products and services. These contracts generally require significant integration of a group of goods and/or services to deliver a combined output. In some contracts, the Company provides multiple distinct goods or services to a customer. In those cases, the Company accounts for the distinct contract deliverables as separate performance obligations and allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price, which is generally estimated using cost plus a reasonable margin. We classify revenues as products or services on our Consolidated Statements of Earnings based on the predominant attributes of the performance obligations. While the Company provides warranties on certain contracts, we typically do not provide for services beyond standard assurances and therefore do not consider warranties to be separate performance obligations. Typically, we enter into three types of contracts: fixed-price contracts, cost-plus contracts and T M contracts (cost-plus contracts and T M contracts are aggregated below as flexibly priced contracts). The majority of our total revenues are derived from fixed-price contracts; refer to the revenue disaggregation disclosures that follow. 
 For fixed-price contracts, customers agree to pay a fixed amount, negotiated in advanced for a specified scope of work. 
 For cost-plus contracts typically we are reimbursed for allowable or otherwise defined total costs (defined as cost of revenues plus allowable general and administrative expenses) incurred, plus a fee. 
 72 

The contracts may also include incentives for various performance criteria, including quality, timeliness and cost-effectiveness. In addition, costs are generally subject to review by clients and regulatory audit agencies, and such reviews could result in costs being disputed as non-reimbursable under the terms of the contract. 
 T M contracts provide for reimbursement of labor hours expended at a contractual fixed labor rate per hour, plus the actual costs of material and other direct non-labor costs. The fixed labor rates on T M contracts include amounts for the cost of direct labor, indirect contract costs and profit. 
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when the performance obligations are satisfied through the transfer of control over the good or service to the customer, which may occur either over time or at a point in time. 
 Revenues for the majority of our contracts are measured using the the over time, percentage of completion cost-to-cost method of accounting to calculate percentage of completion. We believe this is an appropriate measure of progress toward satisfaction of performance obligations as this measure most accurately depicts the progress of our work and transfer of control to our customers. Due to the long-term nature of many of our contracts, developing the estimated total cost at completion and total transaction price often requires judgment. Factors that must be considered in estimating the cost of the work to be completed include the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, subcontractor performance and the risk and impact of delayed performance. 
 After establishing the estimated total cost at completion, we follow a standard Estimate at Completion EAC process in which we review the progress and performance on our ongoing contracts 1 The following represents the impact that changes in our estimates, particularly those regarding our fixed-price development programs, have had on our revenues for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively: 
 Impact of Change in Estimates on our Revenue Results 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue (26) (34) (77) Total of Revenue 1 1 3 
 
 Regulations 
 Increased audit, review, investigation and general scrutiny by U.S. government agencies of performance under government contracts and compliance with the terms of those contracts and applicable laws could affect our operating results. Negative publicity and increased scrutiny of government contractors in general, including us, relating to government expenditures for contractor services and incidents involving the mishandling of sensitive or classified information as well as the increasingly complex requirements of the DoD and the United States intelligence community, including those related to cybersecurity, could impact our ability to perform in the markets we serve. 
 International Sales 
 International revenue, including foreign military sales, foreign military financing, and direct commercial sales, accounted for approximately 7 , 5 and 8 of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Since our focus is primarily with the DoD and our investments are focused as such, we anticipate that international sales will continue to account for a similar percentage of revenue in the future. We remain subject to the spending levels, pace and priorities of the U.S. government as well as international governments and commercial customers, and to general economic conditions that could adversely affect us, our customers and our suppliers. 
 73 

Additionally, some international sales may expose us to foreign exchange fluctuations and changing dynamics of foreign competitiveness based on variations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. The impact of those fluctuations is reflected throughout our Consolidated Financial Statements, but in the aggregate, did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Acquisitions 
 We consider the acquisition of businesses and investments that we believe will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. We also may explore the divestiture of businesses that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization. 
 On November 28, 2022, the Company announced the successful completion of the all-stock merger between Leonardo DRS and RADA Electronic Industries Ltd. RADA ), a leading Israel-based provider of small-form tactical radar, to become a combined public company. As previously disclosed, RADA shareholders retained approximately 19 ownership in the combined Company with Leonardo DRS s parent company, Leonardo S.p.A., (MIL: LDO), owning the remaining 81 . Immediately following the closing, the Company began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the ticker DRS . 
 The acquisition of RADA has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, with the Company as the accounting acquirer, which requires the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their acquisition date fair value. The acquisition was completed on November 28, 2022, when each issued and outstanding ordinary share of RADA was converted and exchanged for one share of common stock of the Company. 
 The total purchase consideration for RADA was 511 million and is comprised of Company s shares issued in exchange for all issued and outstanding common shares of RADA, as well as the portion of replacement stock compensation awards fair value attributable to pre-combination services. See Note 2: Business Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information regarding the transaction. 
 During the third quarter of 2021 the Company acquired substantially all the assets of Ascendant Engineering Solutions AES ), an advanced gimbal producer located in Austin, TX. The purchase closed on July 28, 2021, for a purchase price of 11 million with an additional 5 million payable upon the achievement of certain financial and operational targets. 
 AES designs, develops and manufactures high-performance, stabilized, multi-sensor gimbal systems for the growing market of Group 1, 2 and 3 unmanned aerial systems UAS serving several branches of the DoD. The Company is focused on gimbal payload opportunities in strategic U.S. government programs including those intended to counter current and next-generation anti-access and area-denial systems. We believe this acquisition enables the integration of our own Electro-Optical and Infrared systems with the gimbals of AES and is a strategic investment, offering an integrated solution for our customers in the market for lightweight military platforms including small unmanned aerial systems. The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and has been integrated into our ASC segment. 
 
 Dispositions 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Global Enterprise Solutions GES business to SES Government Solutions, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SES S.A., for 450 million subject to certain working capital adjustments. The transaction was completed on August 1, 2022 and resulted in cash proceeds of 427 million after net working capital adjustments. The transaction netted an aggregate pretax gain net of transaction costs of 309 million 239 million after 
 74 

tax) of which 323 million, was included in Other Operating income (expense) net partially reduced by aggregate transaction costs of 14 million included in Selling, General Administrative costs and tax expenses of 70 million. GES, which was part of the ASC segment, provides commercial satellite communications to the U.S. Government and delivers satellite communications and security solutions to customers worldwide. 
 The Company recorded operating income for the GES business of 13 million and 29 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 On April 19, 2022, we entered into a definitive sales agreement to divest our share of our equity investment in Advanced Acoustic Concepts LLC AAC for 56 million to Thales Defense Security, Inc., the minority partner in this joint venture. The transaction was completed on July 8, 2022 and resulted in proceeds of 56 million. The transaction netted an aggregate pretax gain of 31 million 22 million net of taxes), The aggregate gain of 31 million is included in Other Operating income (expense) net offset by tax expense of 9 million. 
 The proceeds generated from the GES and AAC divestitures resulted in a 396 million dividend to US Holding, at that time, our sole shareholder. The 396 million represents the proceeds generated net of our costs to sell and estimated tax obligations. The dividend was issued on August 5, 2022. 

Components of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Revenue consists primarily of product related revenue, generating 91 , 87 and 87 of our total revenues for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining revenue is generated from service related contracts. Additionally, 87 , 87 and 87 of our revenue generation for December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is derived from firm-fixed priced contracts. For a firm-fixed price contract, customers agree to pay a fixed amount, negotiated in advance, for a specified scope of work. Revenue on fixed price contracts is generally recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred costs represent work performed that corresponds with and thereby best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. 
 Under flexibly priced contracts, which consists of 13 ,13 and 13 of our total revenues for December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, we are reimbursed for allowable or otherwise defined total costs (defined as cost of revenues plus allowable general and administrative expenses) incurred, plus a fee. The contracts may also include incentives for various performance criteria, including quality, timeliness, cost-effectiveness or other factors. In addition, costs are generally subject to review by clients and regulatory audit agencies, and such reviews could result in costs being disputed as non-reimbursable under the terms of the contract. Revenue for flexibly priced contracts are generally recognized as services performed and are contractually billable. 
 Please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 3: Revenue from Contracts with Customers in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues includes materials, labor and overhead costs incurred in the manufacturing, design, and provision of products and services sold in the period as well as warranty costs. Material costs include raw materials, purchased components and sub-assemblies and outside processing and inbound freight. Labor and overhead costs consist of direct and indirect manufacturing costs, including wages and fringe 
 75 

benefits, operating supplies, depreciation and amortization, occupancy costs, and purchasing, receiving, inspection costs and inbound freight costs. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses include general and administrative expenses not included within cost of revenues such as salaries, wages and fringe benefits, facility costs and other costs related to these indirect functions. Additionally, general and administrative expenses include internal research and development costs as well as expenditures related to bid and proposal efforts. 

Review of Operating Segments 
 The following is a discussion of operating results for each of our operating segments. We have elected to use Revenue, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Bookings and Backlog to provide detailed information on our segment performance. Additional information regarding our segments can be found in Note 20: Segment Information within the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Variance 2021 vs. 2020 Variance (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: ASC 1,733 1,940 1,958 (207) (10.7) (18) (0.9) IMS 983 959 834 24 2.5 125 15.1 Corporate Eliminations (23) (20) (14) (3) 15.0 (6) 42.9 Total revenue 2,693 2,879 2,778 (186) (6.5) 101 3.7 Adjusted EBITDA: ASC 199 220 213 (21) (9.5) 7 3.3 IMS 119 90 55 29 32.2 35 63.6 Corporate Eliminations NM NM Total Adjusted EBITDA 318 310 268 8 2.7 42 15.7 Adjusted EBITDA Margin: ASC 11.5 11.3 10.9 0.2 1.3 0.4 3.7 IMS 12.1 9.4 6.6 2.7 29.0 2.8 42.4 Bookings: ASC 1,975 1,691 2,019 284 16.8 (328) (16.2) IMS 1,181 904 1,036 277 30.6 (132) (12.7) Total bookings 3,156 2,595 3,055 561 21.6 (460) (15.1) Backlog: ASC 1,868 1,762 2,066 106 6.0 (304) (14.7) IMS 2,401 1,099 1,225 1,302 118.5 (126) (10.3) Total backlog 4,269 2,861 3,291 1,408 49.2 (430) (13.1) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 ASC 
 Revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 In total, ASC segment revenue decreased 207 million, or 11 , from 1,940 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,733 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is primarily attributed to the divestiture timing of the GES disposition compared to the RADA acquisition resulting in a net negative divestiture impact for the year of 108 million. The remaining shortfall is largely attributed supply chain delays impacting the receipt and revenue conversion across the segment and the 
 76 

reduction in order quantity of our tactical computing products resulting from customer order delays attributed to reduced installation rates minimizing the annual buy 47 million). The reduced installation rates are attributed to prior year COVID-19 impacts to staffing levels. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 In total, ASC segment revenue decreased 18 million, or 1 , from 1,958 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 1,940 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Though the segment realized revenue growth on the transition from development to production on our recently awarded Next Generation dismounted soldier targeting system 37 million) and the continuation of providing upgraded vehicle sensing for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle 16 million), both with the U.S. Army, this growth was offset by a reduction in Second Generation ground vehicle components with the U.S. Army of 18 million and, reduced demand of certain computing hardware and antenna programs with the U.S. Navy of 17 million and 15 million, respectively. Additionally, we realized a decline in bandwidth awards on our Global Network programs with various DoD customers reducing revenue by 27 million as compared to the prior year. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ASC s Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 21 million, or 9.5 , from 220 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 199 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Despite the EBITDA reduction, Adjusted EBITDA Margin expanded slightly from 11.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 11.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA is driven by the reduction in overall revenue contribution and the absorption of G A expenditures for the period. This reduction was largely offset by improved contract performance and profit contribution across the segment including our dismounted sensing and tactical computing networks lines of business. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 ASC s Adjusted EBITDA increased by 7 million, or 3.3 , from 213 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 220 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The EBITDA growth, contributed to the Adjusted EBITDA Margin increase from 10.9 for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 11.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA is primarily attributed to the revenue increase noted above coupled with performance improvements in our electronic warfare, signal intelligence, computing hardware programs for the U.S. Navy s shipboard launch systems and Bradley Ground vehicle sensing programs. Offsetting the improved program performance and revenue expansion is increased general and administrative costs driven primarily by increased investments in IR D efforts to support the continued market position of the segment. The increased discretionary expenditures offset the margin expansion realized by improved program performance resulting in a slight increase in Adjusted EBITDA margin of 40 basis points to 11.3 . 
 Bookings: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ASC s bookings increased by 284 million, or 16.8 , from 1,691 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,975 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in new awards is driven by our alignment of customer priorities to combat the emerging threats our service men and women face in today s environment. The increase vs the prior year is highlighted by increased demand for our dismounted soldier 103 million), tactical computing 101 million), ground vehicle sensing 75 million) and EW 22 million) products which more than offset the 54 million net divestiture impact from the GES sale. 
 77 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 ASC s bookings decreased by 328 million, or 16.2 , from 2,019 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 1,691 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The bookings reduction to the prior year is attributed to multi-year production awards realized on our Next Generation of Family of Soldier Sensing Systems and Airborne Missile Warning programs with the U.S. Army which resulted a reduction in bookings of 156 million and 37 million, respectively. Additionally, the lower demand of ruggedized computing maintenance support programs with the U.S. Army attributed to the decease over the prior year. Our bookings continue to be highlighted by our foundational programs including follow-on awards received for our ruggedized computing and battle management systems with the U.S. Army 138 million), our Submarine hardware upgrade programs with the U.S. Navy 100 million) and our Global Network program awards with Special Operations Command SOCOM and the U.S. Army 132 million). The bookings reduction was partially offset by the receipt of a Ground Vehicle Remote Weapon Sight program with the U.S. Army 57 million) and the Air Force decision to equip the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) lot 15 with pilot training systems 37 million). 
 Backlog: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 ASC s backlog decreased by 106 million, or 6.0 , from 1,762 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,868 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was attributed to the new award growth noted above coupled with the decline in revenue realized due to supply chain delays. These positive impacts to backlog were offset by the disposal of the GES backlog. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 ASC s backlog decreased by 304 million, or 14.7 , from 2,066 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 1,762 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was attributed to anticipated progress on the multi-year production awards received in 2020 for our Next Generation Soldier Sensing program with the U.S. Army. 
 
 IMS 
 Revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 IMS revenue increased by 24 million, or 3 , from 959 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 983 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in revenue is driven from our alignment with the emerging threat profile in the areas of Counter UAS / Short range air defense and the submarine propulsion efforts on the Columbia Class program. These capabilities contributed year over year revenue growth of 26 million and 70 million, respectively. The growth in revenue in these lines of business were offset in part by timing of surface ship efforts 52 million) and delays in the next purchase of active protection systems 16 million) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 IMS revenue increased by 126 million, or 15 , from 834 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 959 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The revenue increase was driven by contracted efforts to provide the U.S. Army with Mission Equipment Packages to support mobile short range air defense capabilities 158 million) and continued progress providing power conversion equipment and electrical components and systems to the U.S. Navy to support the CVN 80/81 carrier 72 million) and Columbia Class programs 36 million). The IMS revenue growth was partially offset by 
 78 

the completion of the urgent operational needs TROPHY TM APS program 93 million) which realized significant production efforts in 2020 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 In total, IMS s Adjusted EBITDA increased by 29 million, or 32.2 , from 90 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 119 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Adjusted Margin increased 260 bps from 9.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 12.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase in Adjusted EBITDA and margin improvement was attributed to the revenue expansion coupled with improved program performance on fixed price development program efforts including submarine power and propulsion system components for the U.S. Navy s Columbia Class program, including the 15 million positive impact related to the contract modification combining the 2nd production shipset. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 In total, IMS s Adjusted EBITDA increased by 35 million, or 63.6 , from 55 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 90 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted Margin increased 280 bps from 6.6 for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 9.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in Adjusted EBITDA and margin improvement was attributed to the revenue expansion coupled with improved program performance on fixed price development program efforts including submarine power and propulsion system components for the U.S. Navy s Columbia Class program which realized losses of 37 million in the period ended December 31, 2020 as compared to 3 million during the current year. 
 Bookings: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Bookings as of December 31, 2022 were 1,181 million, an increase of 277 million as compared to the period ended December 31, 2021. The new awards are highlighted by the receipt of awards totaling 322 million for short range air defense and CUAS programs during the period and an increase of 52 million over the 2021 contribution. Additionally, our power efforts on submarines contributed an additional 312 million of funded awards during the year, an increase of 187 million as compared to the period ended December 31, 2021, primarily attributed to our Columbia Class funding. Our fire system support systems also contributed an additional 86 million as compared to the 2021 output. These new awards were offset in part by the timing of power awards on surface ships which reduced bookings by 55 million during the year. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Bookings as of December 31, 2021 were 904 million highlighted by the receipt of awards totaling 250 million for mission equipment packages for counter unmanned and short range air defense programs and 140 million for electrical propulsion components for production efforts on the Columbia Class program. The bookings decreased (132) million, or 12.7 , from 1,036 million as of December 31, 2020 driven primarily to the prior year multi-year awards received in the prior year to support the CVN 80/81 carriers driving a reduction in annual bookings of 210 million. 
 Backlog: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Backlog increased by 1,302 million, or 118.5 , to 2,401 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,099 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The backlog increase is largely attributed to the 1,083 million of unfunded backlog realized on the Columbia Class, driven primarily to 
 79 

the multi-ship contract award. In addition, funded backlog also expanded over the prior year driven by the emerging threats requiring our CUAS and short-range air defense solutions 60 million), fire support systems 75 million) and funded efforts on the Columbia Class program 132 million). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Backlog decreased by 126 million, or 10.3 , to 1,099 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 1,225 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The backlog reduction is due primarily to progress on our awards to support the CVN 80/81 program 85 million). 

Quarterly Results 
 The following table sets forth selected unaudited quarterly results of operations data for each of the eight quarters in the period ended December 31, 2022. This data should be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document. These quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of our operating results for a full year or any future period. 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 Total revenues 820 634 627 612 820 720 658 681 Interest expense 7 9 10 8 8 9 9 9 Net earnings 65 279 25 36 58 35 32 29 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 120 58 67 73 100 70 69 71 Free cash flow (1) 
 336 2 4 (268) 271 61 48 (262) 
 _______________ 
 (1) See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Financial and Operating Measures Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for definitions of these measures. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Adjusted Diluted EPS and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Non-GAAP Operating Measures above for reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 80 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We endeavor to ensure the most efficient conversion of operating income into cash for deployment in our business and to maximize shareholder value through cash deployment activities. In addition to our cash position, we use various financial measures to assist in capital deployment decision-making, including cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure described in more detail below. We believe that the combination of our existing cash, access to credit facilities as described in Note 13: Debt and future cash that we expect to generate from our operations will be sufficient to meet our short and long-term liquidity needs. There can be no assurance, however, that our business will continue to generate cash flow at current levels or that anticipated operational improvements will be achieved. We may also pursue acquisitions or other strategic priorities that will require additional liquidity beyond the liquidity we generate through our operations. Our cash balance as of December 31, 2022 was 306 million compared to 240 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 33 178 125 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 436 39 (70) Net cash used in financing activities (403) (38) (80) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 1 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 66 179 (24) Free cash flow (1) 
 74 122 82 
 ________________ 
 (1) Free cash flow is a Non-GAAP measure. The reasons we use this Non-GAAP financial measure and its reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure is provided above under See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Non-GAAP Operating Measures above for reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Operating Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 We generated cash from operating activities of 33 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 178 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash from operating activities is attributed to the tax payments generated from dispositions of GES and AAC during the period of 79 million and the transaction related cash outlays of 29 million to support our disposition and merger activities. 
 In total our changes in our assets and liabilities absorbed 82 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 65 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The growth in net assets is primarily attributed to investments in Contract Assets and Inventory as of December 31, 2022, which resulted in a 134 million and 33 million use of cash during the period, respectively. Offsetting this working capital growth was an increase in contract liabilities of 72 million generated primarily from advances from customers. 
 81 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 We generated cash from operating activities of 178 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 125 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was primarily attributed to increased Net Income driven by our improved profitability and reduction in interest related expenditures which was offset in part by an increase in working capital during the period. In total our changes in our assets and liabilities absorbed 65 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 46 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The growth in net assets is primarily attributed to investments in Contract Assets as of December 31, 2021 which resulted in a 71 million use of cash during the period. Additionally, we also generated higher accounts receivables driving a cash usage of 54 million. This increase in working capital was partially offset by a 42 million reduction in our inventory levels attributed to progress on certain sensor programs within our ASC segment. 
 Investing Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Investing activities generated 436 million of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 39 million usage during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 397 million improvement in investing cash inflows is attributed to the gross proceeds generated from the disposition of the GES and AAC assets during the period. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Investing activities generated 39 million of cash during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 70 million usage during the year ended December 31, 2020. The 109 million improvement in investing cash inflows is attributed to the 2020 loan of 115 million issued to US Holding. The loan was repaid during the 2021 fiscal year and a subsequent loan was not issued in December 2021. In addition during the year ended December 31, 2021 we completed an acquisition for 11 million offsetting the increase from our other investing activities. See Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies f or further detail on the AES acquisition. 
 Financing Activities 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 403 million and 38 million, respectively. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of a special dividend of 396 million issued subsequent to the disposition of the GES and AAC assets. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was 38 million and 80 million, respectively. Cash used in financing activities consisted of the 20 million payment of our 5.0 Daylight term loan and the repayment of other short term debt obligations of 12 million. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Free cash flow decreased by 49 million, or 39.7 , to 74 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 122 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to growth in our inventory and contract assets driven by supply chain delays and mitigation efforts to combat extending lead times. This was partially offset by advances received from customers during the period. See cash flows from operations for further detail. 
 82 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Free cash flow increased by 40 million, or 49.4 , to 122 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 82 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to growth in net income and a reduction in Inventory of 42 million. This was partially offset by investments in our net asset position. See cash flows from operations for further detail. 
 
 83 

Material Cash Requirements 
 As of December 31, 2022, our material cash requirements were as follows: 
 Payments Due by Period (Dollars in millions) Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Borrowings with related parties (1) 
 246 34 212 Loans from banks 15 15 Operating leases 113 30 45 21 17 Finance leases and other (2) 
 243 17 33 30 163 Post-retirement obligations (3) 
 130 12 26 26 66 Purchase commitments (4) 
 815 683 98 13 21 Total 1,562 791 414 90 267 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes scheduled interest payments. 
 (2) Finance leases and other includes a build-to-suit, failed sale leaseback asset obligation of 48 million as of December 31, 2022. See Note 13: Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 (3) Post-retirement obligations include those amounts we expect to pay out in benefits payments and are further explained in Note 14: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (4) Purchase commitments include open purchase orders with vendors for which the Company is contractually obligated. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The following is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting treatment of a particular transaction is dictated by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Other areas require management's judgment to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and costs and expenses during the reporting period. Ultimately, actual amounts may differ from these estimates. We believe that critical accounting estimates have the following attributes: (1) they require management to make assumptions about matters that are uncertain at the time of the estimate; and (2) different estimates we reasonably could have used, or changes in the estimates that are reasonably likely to occur, that would have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies contain the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Revenue Recognition and Contract Estimates 
 Reviews for Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
 Pension Assumptions 
 Business Combinations 
 84 

Income Taxes 
 Revenue Recognition on Contracts and Contract Estimates 
 We recognize revenue from contracts with customers using the five-step model prescribed in ASC 606. Substantially all of our contracts are accounted for using the over time, percentage of completion cost-to-cost method of accounting as determined by the ratio of cumulative costs incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion. We believe this is an appropriate measure of progress toward satisfaction of performance obligations as this measure most accurately depicts the progress of our work and transfer of control to our customers. 
 Revenue and cost estimates for substantially all over time contract performance obligations are reviewed and updated quarterly. Contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that can span multiple years. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the cost and availability of materials, the performance of subcontractors and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. Changes in estimates affecting sales, costs and profits are recognized in the period in which the change becomes known using the cumulative catch-up method. Under this method, the impact of the adjustment on profit recorded to date on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate. The aggregate impact of adjustments in contract estimates that impacted our revenue and profit totals are 26 million, 34 million, and 77 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The changes in estimates are primarily attributed to changes in our firm-fixed-priced development type programs. As changes happen in the design to meet required specifications, those changes often result in changes to the overall profitability of the programs. Our contract reviews are conducted at least quarterly in which we incorporate our best estimate to complete the program known at that point in time. 
 For further discussion, see Note 3 : Revenue from Contracts with Customers to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Reviews for Impairment of Goodwill and Long-lived Assets 
 Goodwill represents the excess purchase price paid to acquire a business over the fair value of net assets acquired. We review goodwill for impairment annually at each of our reporting units or when changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Such circumstances include a significant adverse change in the business climate for one of our reporting units or a decision to dispose of a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit. 
 We use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. When determining the approach to be used, we consider the current facts and circumstances of each reporting unit as well as the excess of each reporting unit s estimated fair value over its carrying value based on our most recent quantitative assessments. Our qualitative approach evaluates the business environment and various events impacting the reporting unit including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, changes in the business environment and reporting unit-specific events. If, based on the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is not necessary. However, if a quantitative assessment is determined to be necessary, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare that to its carrying value. To the extent the carrying value exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit, an impairment is recorded for the amount equal to this excess. 
 Our estimate of fair value is based primarily on the discounted projected cash flows of the underlying operations and requires the use of judgment by management. The process requires numerous assumptions, including the timing of work embedded in our backlog, our performance and profitability under our contracts, our success in securing future business and the appropriate risk adjusted interest rate used to discount the projected cash flows. Due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. 
 85 

As of December 31, 2022 we performed a quantitative analysis on each of our six existing reporting units noting no impairments. As of December 31, 2021, we completed qualitative assessments for our reporting units that did not identify the need for further analysis. As a result, no impairments to goodwill were recorded. 
 Long-lived assets held for use, which primarily includes finite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the undiscounted net cash flows to be generated by their use over their expected useful lives and eventual disposition are less than their carrying value. The long-term nature of these assets requires the estimation of their cash inflows and outflows several years into the future and only takes into consideration technological advances known at the time of the impairment test. 
 Pension Assumptions 
 Our defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on several assumptions and estimates. The key assumptions include interest rates used to discount estimated future liabilities and projected long-term rates of return on plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return is based on the market expectations at the beginning of the period for returns over the entire life of the related obligation. These retirement plan assumptions are based on our best judgment, including consideration of current and future market conditions. In the event any of the assumptions change, pension and other post-retirement benefit cost could increase or decrease. For further discussion about our retirement plan assumptions, see Note 14: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Business Combinations 
 We record all tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination at fair value as of the acquisition date, with any excess purchase consideration recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities assumed, including intangible assets specific to technology and contract asset intangibles, requires management to make significant judgments about expected future cash flows, weighted-average cost of capital, discount rates, and expected long-term growth rates. During the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may adjust provisional amounts recorded to reflect new information subsequently obtained regarding facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with the accounting standard for income taxes. The asset and liability method requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Under this method, changes in tax rates and laws are recognized in income in the period such changes are enacted. 
 We record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent results of operations. If we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount or would no longer be able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future as currently recorded, we would make an adjustment to the valuation allowance which would decrease or increase the provision for income taxes. 
 The provision for federal, state, foreign and local income taxes is calculated on income before income taxes based on current tax law and includes the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provision differs from the amounts 
 86 

currently payable because certain items of income and expense are recognized in different reporting periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax purposes. 
 We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that a tax position will not be sustained upon examination and settlement with various taxing authorities. Liabilities for uncertain tax positions are measured based upon the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in our income tax expense. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had gross deferred tax assets of 208 million and 179 million, respectively, and deferred tax asset valuation allowances of 17 million and 10 million, respectively. The deferred tax assets principally relate to benefit accruals, inventory obsolescence, tax benefit carryforwards and contract reserves. The deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 include 18 million and 19 million, respectively, related to tax benefit carryforwards associated with net operating losses. The increase in the deferred tax asset as compared to the prior year is primarily attributed to the capitalization of R D expenditures pursuant to Section 174 of the Tax Code. This section was as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA and became effective for tax years beginning in 2022. 
 Accounting Standards Updates (ASU) 
 See Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding accounting standards we adopted in 2022 and other new accounting standards that have been issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board but are not effective until after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure of Market Risks 
 Equity Risk 
 We currently have limited risk related to fluctuations in marketable securities. Outside of pension assets which are disclosed in Note 14: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the only investments the Company holds are overnight money market accounts. Fluctuations are unlikely and would have limited impact on the financial statements of the Company. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on variable-rate borrowings under our 225 million Term Loan A and our revolving credit facilities, for which no amounts were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. A 0.5 increase or decrease in our weighted average interest rate on our variable debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 would result in an increase or decrease in our annual interest expense of approximately 1 million. The carrying value of the Company s borrowings under the 2022 Credit Facility approximate their fair values at December 31, 2022. See for Note 13: Debt additional information. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 In certain circumstances, we may be exposed to foreign currency risk. However, as the overwhelming majority of our revenue is derived from U.S. sources directly as a prime contractor or indirectly as a subcontractor for the U.S. government as end-customer, we have limited foreign currency exposure. Currently our exposure is primarily with the Canadian dollar and limited to receivables owed of 46 million as of December 31, 2022. A 10 fluctuation in exchange rates would not have a material impact on our financial statements. We do not enter into or issue derivative instruments for trading purposes. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We have experienced inflationary pressures to our supply chain costs, including those associated with micro-electronics, commodities (e.g., metals), and others. Historically, we have generally been able 
 87 

to anticipate increases in costs when pricing our contracts but as inflation continues, certain costs have impacted our profitability. Bids for longer-term firm fixed-price contracts typically include assumptions for labor and other cost escalations in amounts that have been sufficient to cover cost increases over the period of performance. However, these costs could rise further and may not be mitigated. As a result, they could affect our financial results negatively in the future. 
 88 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 89 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Leonardo DRS, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Leonardo DRS, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders' equity for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 90 

Revenue recognition based on the percentage of completion method Description of the Matter As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, revenues for the majority of contracts are recognized over time using the percentage of completion cost-to-cost method of accounting. Under this method, the costs incurred represent an appropriate measure of progress toward satisfaction of performance obligations as this measure most accurately depicts the progress of work performed and transfer of control to the customers. Due to the long-term nature of many contracts, developing the estimated total cost at completion and total transaction price often requires judgment. Factors that must be considered in estimating the cost of the work to be completed include the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, subcontractor performance and the risk and impact of delayed performance. Adjustments to original estimates for a contract's revenue, estimated costs at completion and estimated profit or loss often are required as work progresses under a contract, as experience is gained and as more information is obtained, even though the scope of work required under the contract may not change. When adjustments in estimated total costs at completion or in estimated total transaction price are determined, the related impact on revenue and operating income are recognized using the cumulative catch-up method, which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of such adjustments for all prior periods. Anticipated losses on contracts are recognized in full in the period in which losses become probable and estimable. 
 Auditing the Company s estimated costs at completion for long-term contracts that recognize revenue over time using the cost-to-cost method of accounting was challenging and complex due to the judgment involved in evaluating management s assumptions and key estimates over the duration of these long-term contracts. The estimated costs at completion for these long-term contracts consider risks surrounding the Company s ability to achieve the technical requirements and specifications of the contract, schedule, and other cost elements of the contract, and depend on whether the Company is able to successfully complete the various aspects of the contract. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding of the Company s revenue recognition process, including management s review of the estimated costs at completion for a sample of long-term contracts. To test the accuracy of the Company s estimated costs at completion for these long-term contracts, our audit procedures included, among other things, evaluating the key assumptions used by management to determine such estimates. This included evaluating the historical accuracy of management s estimates by comparing planned costs to actual costs incurred to date. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data back to source documents and contracts. 
 91 

Valuation of acquired intangible assets Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed an acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s accounting for the acquisition included determining the fair value of the intangible assets acquired, including technology and contract assets intangibles. 
 Auditing the Company's accounting for certain acquired intangible assets involved subjective auditor judgment due to the significant estimation required in management s determination of the fair value of intangible assets. The significant estimations were primarily due to the sensitivity of the respective fair values to underlying assumptions including discount rates, projected revenue growth rates, obsolescence factors and profit margins. These assumptions relate to the future performance of certain of the acquired businesses, are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding of the Company s process for accounting for certain acquired intangible assets including management s review of the valuation of intangible assets, the valuation model and the assumptions used in the valuation. 
 To test the fair value of the acquired intangible assets, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of valuation methodologies, evaluating the prospective financial information, and testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data. We utilized our valuation specialists to assist in testing the significant assumptions used to value the acquired intangible assets. For example, we compared the significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, historical results of the acquired business and to other relevant factors. We also performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value resulting from changes in the assumptions. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 March 28, 2023 

92 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholder and Board of Directors 
 Leonardo DRS, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Leonardo DRS, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholder s equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2012 to 2022. 
 McLean, Virginia 
 March 28, 2022, except for notes 1A, 1U, 3, 9, 15, 18, and 20, as to which the date is August 2, 2022, and note 1R, as to which the date is March 27, 2023 

93 

SUPPLEMENTARY DATAINDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Auditor ID: 
 KPMG LLP, McLean, VA, Auditor ID: 185 
 94 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 

 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Products Services Total revenues Cost of revenues Products ) ) ) Services ) ) ) Total cost of revenues ) ) ) Gross profit General and administrative expenses ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Other operating income (expenses), net ) ) Operating earnings 
 Interest expense ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Earnings before taxes 
 Income tax provision Net earnings Net earnings per share from common stock Basic earnings per share: Diluted earnings per share: 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 95 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings 
 Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of income taxes ) Net unrecognized gain on postretirement obligations, net of income taxes Other comprehensive income, net of income tax 
 Total comprehensive income 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 96 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 December 31, (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Noncurrent assets: Property plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other noncurrent assets Total noncurrent assets Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Contract liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities: Long-term debt Pension and other postretirement benefit plan liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18 
 Shareholders' equity Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock, par value: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 97 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Gain from divestitures ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Contract assets ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other current assets Other noncurrent assets Defined benefit obligations ) ) ) Other current liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Contract liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sales of assets Proceeds from sales of businesses Net repayments received (advances) on related party note receivable ) Cost method investment ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities Net (decrease) increase in third party borrowings (maturities of 90 days or less) ) ) ) Borrowings of third party debt Repayment of related party debt ) ) ) Borrowings from related parties Dividend to US Holding ) Dividend from investment Other ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 
 98 

Year Ended December 31, Forgiveness of related party debt Additions of property plant and equipment and long-term debt for a build-to-suit lease 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 99 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Common stock Additional paid- in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Total Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Forgiveness of related party debt Total comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Forgiveness of related party debt Total comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Forgiveness of related party debt Total comprehensive income Stock Compensation Expense Issuance of stock in business combination Dividend to US Holding ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 100 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 reportable segments: Advanced Sensing and Computing and Integrated Mission Systems. The U.S. Department of Defense DoD is our largest customer and accounts for approximately and of our total revenues as an end-user for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Specific international and commercial market opportunities exist within these segments and comprise approximately and of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. reportable segments reflect the way performance is assessed and resources are allocated by our Chief Executive Officer, who is our chief operating decision maker CODM ). 
 101 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 See Note 20 : Segment Information for further information regarding our business segments. 
 B. 
 
 C. 
 
 102 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

D. 
 See Note 3 : Revenue from Contracts with Customers for additional information regarding revenue recognition. 
 E. 
 
 F. 
 Capitalized costs to obtain or fulfill a contract were million at December 30, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 G. 
 Company-funded R D costs charged to cost of revenues totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 H. 
 
 103 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

I. 
 
 J. 
 See Note 4 : Accounts Receivable for additional information regarding accounts receivable. 
 K. 
 See Note 6 : Inventories for additional information regarding inventories. 
 
 L. 
 to years and to years, respectively. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the improvements or the remaining life of the lease. 
 See Note 7 : Property, Plant and Equipment for additional information regarding property, plant and equipment. 
 M. 
 reporting units at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The annual impairment test is typically performed after completion of the Company's annual financial operating plan, which occurs as of December 31. The Company uses quantitative assessments and qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is 
 104 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 See Note 9 : Goodwill for additional information regarding goodwill. 
 N. Long-Lived Assets and Acquired Identifiable Intangible Assets 
 
 See Note 7 : Property, Plant and Equipment and Note 10 : Intangible Assets for additional information regarding long-lived assets and intangible assets. 
 O. 
 The Company had no significant derivative or hedging instruments during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 P. 
 
 105 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 See Note 14 : Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits for further information regarding our pension and postretirement plans. 
 Q. 
 106 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

See Note 12 : Income Taxes for additional information regarding income taxes. 
 R. 
 In February 2021, the Company completed a forward stock split of 1-for- shares of common stock. Additionally, on November 23, 2022, the Company completed a forward stock split of -for-1 share of common stock. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted as necessary to reflect the November 23, 2022 forward stock split for all periods presented. In addition million shares of common stock were issued in connection with the RADA merger on November 28, 2022. 
 There were million and million basic and diluted common shares outstanding before and after the November 23, 2022 forward stock split, respectively, for all periods presented. 
 See Note 17 : Earnings Per Share for additional information regarding earnings per share. 
 S. 
 107 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 See Note 14: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits for further information regarding our pension and postretirement plans. 
 T. 
 Term loan. See Note 13: Debt for further information regarding our debt. 
 U. Acquisitions, Investments, Variable Interest Entities and Divestitures 

On November 28, 2022, the Company announced the successful completion of the all-stock merger between Leonardo DRS and RADA Electronic Industries Ltd. RADA ), a leading Israel-based provider of small-form tactical radar, to become a combined public company. As previously disclosed, RADA shareholders retained approximately ownership in the combined Company with Leonardo DRS s parent company, Leonardo S.p.A., (MIL: LDO), owning the remaining . The acquisition of RADA has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, with the Company as the accounting acquirer, which requires the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their acquisition date fair value. The acquisition was completed on November 28, 2022, when each issued and outstanding ordinary share of RADA was converted and exchanged for share of common stock of the Company. 
 The total purchase consideration for RADA was million and is comprised of Company s shares issued in exchange for all issued and outstanding common shares of RADA, as well as the portion of replacement stock compensation awards fair value attributable to pre-combination services. See Note 2: Business Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information regarding the transaction. 
 During the third quarter of 2021 the Company acquired substantially all the assets of Ascendant Engineering Solutions AES ), an advanced gimbal producer located in Austin, TX. The purchase closed on July 28, 2021, for a purchase price of million with an additional million payable upon the achievement of certain financial and operational targets. 
 AES designs, develops and manufactures high-performance, stabilized, multi-sensor gimbal systems for the growing market of Group 1, 2 and 3 unmanned aerial systems UAS serving several branches of the DoD. The Company is focused on gimbal payload opportunities in strategic U.S. government programs including those intended to counter current and next-generation anti-access and area-denial systems. We believe this acquisition enables the integration of our own Electro-Optical and Infrared systems with the gimbals of AES and is a strategic investment, offering an integrated solution for our customers in the market for lightweight military platforms including small unmanned aerial systems. The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and has been integrated into our ASC segment. 
 108 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

The Company sold its interest in its only investment accounted for under the equity method on July 8, 2022. See Note 15: Equity Method Investments for further information regarding our equity method investments. 

The Company did not have any investment in VIEs as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Divestitures 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Global Enterprise Solutions GES business to SES Government Solutions, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SES S.A., for a selling price of million subject to certain working capital adjustments. The transaction was completed on August 1, 2022 and resulted in cash proceeds of million after net working capital adjustments. The transaction netted an aggregate pretax gain net of transaction costs of million million after tax) of which million was included in Other operating income (expense) net partially reduced by aggregate transaction costs of million included in Selling, General Administrative costs and tax expenses of million. GES, which was part of the ASC segment, provides commercial satellite communications to the U.S. Government and delivers satellite communications and security solutions to customers worldwide. SES S.A. has guaranteed the payment of the purchase price and performance of all other obligations of SES Government Solutions, Inc. under the agreement. 
 The Company recorded operating income for the GES business of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In February 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the strategic initiative to divest of the Company s interest in Advanced Acoustic Concepts AAC ). On April 19, 2022, we entered into a definitive sales agreement to divest our share of our equity investment in AAC for million to Thales Defense Security, Inc., the minority partner in the joint venture. The transaction was completed on July 8, 2022 and resulted in proceeds of million. The transaction netted an aggregate pretax gain of million million net of taxes), The aggregate gain of million is included in Other Operating income (expense) net offset by tax expense of million. 
 The proceeds generated from the GES and AAC divestitures resulted in a million dividend to US Holding, at the time, our sole shareholder. The million represents the proceeds generated net of our costs to sell and estimated tax obligations. The dividend was issued on August 5, 2022. 
 109 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

See Note 16: Share-based Compensation Plans for further information regarding our share-based compensation plans. 
 W. 
 million related to our investment in operations in Wisconsin. The credits were recorded in Other Income in the year that each of the requirements for the credits are achieved. DRS can earn as much million in additional credits through 2025. 
 Accounting Guidance Issued but Not Yet Adopted as of December 31, 2022: 
 Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations 
 In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04, Liabilities Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50): Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations , which requires that a buyer in a supplier finance program disclose the key terms of supplier finance programs, the amount of obligations outstanding at the end of the reporting period that the entity has confirmed as valid to the finance provider, where these obligations are recorded in the balance sheet, and a roll forward of the obligations. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, on a retrospective basis, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new pronouncement. 

Note 2. 
 share of common stock of the Company. 
 The total purchase consideration for RADA was million and is comprised of the Company s shares of common stock issued in exchange for all issued and outstanding ordinary shares of RADA, as 
 110 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs were associated with advisory, legal, and consulting services and are presented in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of earnings. 
 Purchase consideration - 
 Share exchange ratio Total Company shares issued Fair value of the Company common stock (RADA share price on November 28, 2022) Total fair value of the Company common stock issued Replacement share-based payment awards pre-combination vesting expense Preliminary aggregate purchase consideration 
 
 Preliminary purchase price allocation - 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible Assets Other noncurrent assets Total identifiable assets acquired Liabilities: Accounts payable Contract liabilities Other current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired, excluding goodwill Goodwill 
 
 The preliminary fair value estimates of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based upon preliminary calculations and valuations, and those estimates and assumptions are subject to change as the Company obtains additional information during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). The Company has not yet finalized the determination of fair values allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities, including but not limited to the valuation of acquired intangible assets. The excess of the total consideration over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed 
 111 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million consist of million of technology related assets while the remaining million consists of customer and contractual relationships. The goodwill of million arising from the acquisition is primarily attributable to the growth opportunities related to the RADA business. None of the goodwill resulting from the acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. All of the goodwill recognized related to the RADA acquisition will be assigned to the ASC segment. 
 Total revenue and operating earnings for RADA for the period from November 28, 2022, through December 31, 2022 were not significant. 

Note 3. 
 112 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

. Adjustments to original estimates for a contract's revenue, estimated costs at completion and estimated profit or loss often are required as work progresses under a contract, as experience is gained and as more information is obtained, even though the scope of work required under the contract may not change and are also required if contract modifications occur. When adjustments in estimated total costs at completion or in estimated total transaction price are determined, the related impact on revenue and operating income are recognized using the cumulative catch-up method, which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of such adjustments for all prior periods. Any anticipated losses on these contracts are fully recognized in the period in which the losses become evident.) ) ) Total of Revenue 
 The impacts noted above are attributed primarily to changes in our firm-fixed-price development type programs as well as the impacts of inflation on certain fixed price production programs. In 2022, the adjustments consist of changes in the designs required to achieve contractual specifications for fixed priced development programs and inflationary cost increases on certain surface ship and radar programs within the Navy that resulted in a change in the programs estimate and related profitability. The reductions to revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were related to certain masted surveillance and submarine electric propulsion programs within our IMS segment, soldier sensing programs within our ASC segment and adjustments to the measurement of variable consideration related to certain requests for equitable adjustment with the U.S. Navy also within our ASC segment. 
 113 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Contract liabilities Net contract assets 
 
 Revenue recognized in 2022 and 2021 that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of each year was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Unfunded Total Backlog 
 
 We expect to recognize approximately of our December 31, 2022 backlog as revenue over the next months, with the remainder to be recognized thereafter. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 ASC : ASC revenue is primarily derived from U.S. government development and production contracts and is generally recognized using the over time, percentage of completion cost-to-cost method of accounting. We disaggregate ASC revenue by geographical region, customer relationship and contract 
 114 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

International Intersegment Sales Total 
 Revenue by Customer Relationship Prime contractor Subcontractor Intersegment Sales Total 
 Revenue by Contract Type Firm Fixed Price 
 Flexibly Priced (1) 
 Intersegment Sales Total 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes revenue derived from cost type and time-and-materials contracts. 
 
 IMS : IMS revenue is primarily derived from U.S. government development and production contracts and is generally recognized over time using the over time, percentage of completion cost-to-cost method 
 115 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 International Intersegment Sales Total 
 Revenue by Customer Relationship Prime contractor Subcontractor Intersegment Sales Total 
 Revenue by Contract Type Firm Fixed Price 
 Flexibly Priced (1) 
 Intersegment Sales Total 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes revenue derived from time-and-materials contracts. 

Note 4. 
 Less allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 The Company maintains certain agreements with financial institutions to sell certain trade receivables. Pursuant to the servicing agreements, the Company collected approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of these sold receivables that had not yet been remitted to the financial institutions. These unremitted amounts collected on behalf of the financial institutions are included within short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. See Note 5: Sale of Receivables for additional information on the sale of receivables. 

Note 5. 
 million. The receivables sold under the factoring facilities are without recourse for any customer credit risk and result in a true sale. Receivables are derecognized in their entirety when sold, 
 116 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million, respectively, which are presented in other general and administrative expenditures, net on the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Sales of receivables Cash returned to purchaser ) ) Outstanding balance sold to purchasers (1) 
 Cash collected, not remitted to purchaser (2) 
 ) ) Remaining sold receivables 
 ________________ 
 (1) For the calendar year 2022, the Company recorded a net increase to cash flows from operating activities of million and for calendar year 2021 a decrease to cash flow from operating activities of million. 
 (2) Represents cash collected on behalf of purchasers and not yet remitted. 

Note 6. 
 Work in progress Finished goods Total 

Note 7. 
 Plant and machinery Equipment and other Total property, plant and equipment, at cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 

117 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Land, buildings and improvements include assets under finance leases in the amount of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 11: Leases for additional information. 

Note 8. 
 Fringe benefits Litigation Restructuring costs Provision for contract losses Operating lease liabilities Taxes Payable Other (1) 
 Total other current liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities Taxes Payable Other (2) 
 Total other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) Consists primarily of environmental remediation reserves and warranty reserves. See Note 18: Commitments and Contingencies for more information regarding the warranty provision 

Note 9. 
 Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Acquisitions Dispositions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 ________________ 
 million and million of accumulated impairments as of January 2021 for the ASC and IMS segments, respectively. 

118 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Note 10. 
 ) ) Patents and licenses ) ) Total intangible assets 
 ) ) 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million, million, and million respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Acquired intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of to years. The net acquired intangible asset balances consists primarily of technology related intangibles of million and customer related assets of million as of December 31, 2022. Patents and licenses are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of to years. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

Note 11. 
 119 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Finance lease cost (2) : 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) Operating lease expense is included within cost of products, cost of services or general and administrative expenses, dependent upon the nature and use of the ROU asset, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Earnings Operating lease cost includes short-term leases of approximately million, million and million and an insignificant amount of variable lease cost for 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 (2) Finance lease expense is recorded as depreciation and amortization expense within cost of products, cost of services or general and administrative expenses, dependent upon the nature and use of the ROU asset and interest expense, net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 120 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Finance leases (2) 
 Total leased assets 
 Liabilities Current lease liabilities: Operating (1) 
 Finance (2) 
 Noncurrent lease liabilities: Operating (1) 
 Finance (2) 
 Total lease liabilities 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) Operating lease assets are included within other noncurrent assets and operating lease liabilities are included within other current liabilities (current portion) and other noncurrent liabilities (noncurrent portion) in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (2) Finance lease assets are included within property, plant and equipment, net and finance lease liabilities are included within short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt (current portion) and long-term debt (noncurrent portion) in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases 
 121 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Maturity of Lease Liabilities: 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 Less: current maturities Long-term lease obligations 

Note 12. 
 Foreign ) ) Total 
 
 122 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 ) State Foreign Deferred: Federal State ) Foreign ) ) Total 
 
 State rate, net of federal benefit Foreign rate differential ) ) Research development credit, net of reserves ) ) ) Nondeductible expenses Global intangible low taxed income Change in valuation allowance ) ) Change in tax reserves ) Divestiture impact ) Other ) ) Effective tax rate 
 123 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 State net operating loss Foreign net operating loss Tax credit carryforwards Lease liabilities Capitalized R D, net of amortization Accrued compensation and benefits Contract liabilities Accrued expenses Pension and post-retirement plans Inventory capitalization Disallowed Interest Other Total gross deferred tax assets 
 Less valuation allowance Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right of use assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities 
 ) ) Net deferred tax asset 

Our deferred tax balance associated with our retirement benefit plans includes a deferred tax asset of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, that are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings to recognize the funded status of our retirement plans. See Note 14: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits for additional details. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which we anticipate we will be able to apply prior to their expiration which commences in 2025. The annual utilization of approximately million of certain our Federal net operating losses is subject to limitations under section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Our foreign net operating losses have expirations ranging from 2041 to indefinite. During 2022 we recorded a valuation allowance in Canada due to a change in the Company s judgement regarding the realizability of their deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance of million against the foreign net operating losses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had apportioned state net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which are associated with jurisdictions in which we currently file and the Company expects to utilize prior to expiration except for those for which we have recorded a valuation allowance. Our state net operating losses have expirations ranging from 2024 to 2041 and are offset by a valuation allowance of million. 
 124 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million, million and million, respectively; all of which will impact the effective tax rate when recognized. Approximately million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, have been recorded within (and as an offset to) deferred tax assets. In addition, the Company does not believe there are any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will vary significantly over the next 12 months. 
 Increase related to prior year tax positions Increase related to current year tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) Settlements with taxing authorities Balance at December 31, 
 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has substantially concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for years through the tax year ended December 31, 2018 except as it relates to the net operating loss carryforward and tax credit carryforwards. Substantially all material state and local matters have been concluded for years through the tax year ended December 31, 2017. The Company has substantially concluded all material tax matters in foreign jurisdictions for years through the tax years ending during 2017. 

Note 13. 
 Term loan due November 30, 2023 (1) 
 Daylight term loan due October 15, 2024 (1) 
 Finance lease and other Short-term borrowings Total debt principal 
 Less unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts ) Total debt, net 
 Less short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 125 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 term loans and a working capital credit facility with US Holding, as described below. 
 Term Loans 
 In November 2022, the Company entered into a senior unsecured credit agreement with Bank of America in the amount of million (the 2022 Credit Agreement with a maturity of November 29, 2027. The 2022 Credit Agreement provides for a term loan of million bearing interest at a variable rate generally based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, SOFR ), plus a spread ranging from to depending on the leverage ratio, as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement, or an alternative variable rate based on the higher of the Bank of America prime rate, the federal funds rate, or a rate generally based on SOFR, in each case subject to additional basis point spread as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement, 2022 Term Loan A ). Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. The outstanding balance of the 2022 Term Loan A at December 31, 2022 was million.The fair value of Term Loan A at December 31, 2022 was approximately million, however the Company has the ability to prepay the outstanding principal balance without penalty. 
 In January 2009, the Company entered into a credit agreement with Finmeccanica S.p.A. (presently Leonardo S.p.A. and Majority Stockholder) in the amount of billion (the 2009 Credit Agreement ). The 2009 Credit Agreement was subsequently assigned to US Holding and had a maturity of November 30, 2023. The 2009 Credit Agreement provided for a term loan that bore interest at a rate of , with interest payments due semi-annually on June 20 and December 20 in each year (the Term loan ). The outstanding balance of the Term loan at December 31, 2021 was million. The fair value of this term loan at December 31, 2021 was million; however the Company had the ability to prepay the outstanding principal balance at the carrying amount without penalty. In November 2022, the Company repaid the aggregate principal amount of million. Upon repayment the 2009 Credit Agreement was terminated. 
 In June 2017, the Company entered into an unsecured term loan with US Holding in the principal amount of million, the proceeds of which were used to finance the acquisition of Daylight Solutions, Inc. (the Daylight Term Loan ). The Daylight Term Loan had an outstanding balance of million at December 31, 2021, which approximated its fair value. The Daylight Term Loan matures on October 15, 2024. The Daylight Term Loan had an interest rate of , with interest payments due semi-annually on April 15 and October 15. During 2022, the Company repaid the aggregate principal amount of million. Upon repayment the 2009 Credit Agreement was terminated. 
 Credit Facilities 
 The 2009 Credit Agreement provided for a revolving credit facility available for working capital needs of the Company (the Revolving Credit Facility ). As of December 31, 2021, the Revolving Credit Facility had a credit limit of million, and an interest rate of LIBOR plus . There was a commitment fee of applied to the unused balance of the Revolving Credit Facility and there was no compensating balance requirements. There was balance on the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2021. The 2009 Credit Agreement was terminated in November 2022. 
 The Company also maintains uncommitted working capital credit facilities with certain financial institutions in the aggregate of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (the Financial Institution Credit Facilities ). The Financial Institution Credit Facilities are guaranteed by Leonardo S.p.A. The primary purpose of the Financial Institution Credit Facilities is to support standby letter of credit issuances on contracts with customers and also includes a revolving facility with a maximum borrowing limit of million, which bears interest at LIBOR plus . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was balance outstanding on the revolving facility. The Company had letters of credit outstanding of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which reduces the available capacity of the Financial Institution Credit Facilities by an equal amount. 
 126 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million loans under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate generally based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, SOFR ), plus a spread ranging from to depending on the leverage ratio, as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement, or an alternative variable rate based on the higher of the Bank of America prime rate, the federal funds rate, or a rate generally based on SOFR, in each case subject to additional basis point spread as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement, The Company also pays a commitment fee ranging between and depending on the Company s leverage ratio applied to the unused balance of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. There was outstanding balance on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. The weighted average interest rate on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Finance Lease and Other 
 As of December 31, 2022, finance lease and other of million includes approximately million related to finance lease liabilities and million related to our Menomonee Falls, WI manufacturing facility, which has been accounted for as a build-to-suit lease with a failed sale leaseback. Approximately million has been recognized as the current portion of long-term debt for the finance lease liabilities and financing liability related to the build-to-suit arrangement. 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, collected on behalf of the buyers of our trade receivables pursuant to our factoring arrangements as short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, which approximates its fair value. See Note 4: Accounts Receivable and Note 5: Sale of Receivables for more information. 
 Interest Paid 
 Total interest paid associated with our debt was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our effective interest rate was approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The interest expense attributable to the amortization of debt issuance costs in 2022 was not material and not applicable for 2021 and 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal payments 

Note 14. 
 
 127 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 128 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan participants' contributions Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) (Gain) loss due to settlement ) Plan amendments Exchange rate differences and other Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Plan participants' contributions Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) (Loss) gain due to settlement ) Exchange rate differences and other Fair value of plan assets at end of year Contributions between measurement date and year end Funded status of the plans at year end ) ) ) ) ) 
 Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Net liability recognized 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 129 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Total amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive losses (earnings) 
 ) ) 
 The aggregate accumulated benefit obligation ABO for the Company's defined benefit pension plans combined was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The ABO represents benefits accrued without assuming future compensation increases to plan participants and is approximately equal to our projected benefit obligation PBO ). 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Increase in future compensation levels N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Expected long-term return on plan assets N/A N/A Health care trend rate assumed for next year N/A N/A N/A N/A Ultimate health care trend rate N/A N/A N/A N/A Year rate reaches ultimate trend rate N/A N/A 2037 2031 N/A N/A 
 
 130 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Settlement expense (income) Net periodic benefit cost 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Prior service cost Amortization of net actuarial (loss) gain from prior years ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Other (1) 
 Total recognized in other comprehensive income 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes foreign exchange translation. 
 131 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Expected long - term return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A Increase in future compensation levels N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Health care trend rate assumed for next year N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Ultimate health care trend rate N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Year rate reaches ultimate trend rate N/A N/A N/A 2031 2030 2029 N/A N/A N/A 
 
 A one percentage increase or decrease in healthcare trend rates in the table above would have an insignificant impact to our service and interest cost and the postretirement medical obligations. 
 Plan Assets 
 The Retirement Committee has been authorized by the Company s management to manage the strategic oversight of our defined benefit plan assets held in trust. The Retirement Committee has adopted an investment policy and provides oversight of a third party investment manager who reports to the Retirement Committee on a regular basis. The outsourced third party manager develops investment strategies and makes all of the day to day investment decisions related to the defined benefit plan assets in accordance with the investment policy and target asset allocation targets, therein. Presently all of the plans are governed by a single investment policy and are uniformly invested. As part of the policy statement the Company has implemented a glide path which adjusts the percentage of assets invested in return seeking assets based upon the attainment of specific funding percentages. The non-return seeking assets are invested primarily in bonds with maturities closely matching the anticipated payment of benefits. As the funding percentage increase the glide path reduce the amount of the assets invested in return seeking assets. 
 132 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Debt securities Real estate Other, primarily cash and cash equivalents, and hedge funds 
 The table below presents the target allocation ranges for each major asset category for the Company's benefit plans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Target Asset Allocation Range 2022 2021 Asset Category Equity securities - 
 - 
 Debt securities - 
 - 
 Real estate - 
 - 
 Other, primarily cash and cash equivalents and hedge funds - 
 - 

133 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Equity securities Debt securities Total Investments measured at NAV: Collective trust funds Equity and fixed income funds Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Asset category Investments measured at fair value: Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities Debt securities Total Investments measured at NAV: Collective trust funds Equity and fixed income funds Total 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company expects to contribute million to its pension plans and an inconsequential amount to its postretirement plans. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Company maintains defined contribution plans covering substantially all domestic full-time eligible employees. The Company's contributions to these plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 
 134 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Note 15. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was included in our Advanced Sensing and Computing business segment operating profit. 

Note 16. 
 million shares of the Company s common stock reserved for future issuances under the 2022 Equity Plan. 
 Under the 2022 Equity Plan, the Company granted restricted stock units RSUs and performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs ), referred to as a one-time founders award. The RSUs are subject to time-based vesting over a two -year period. The PRSUs are subject to both time and performance-based vesting based on the Company s share price metric market condition over a two -year period. 
 In November 2022, in conjunction with the acquisition of RADA, the Company assumed million stock options. In accordance with the Merger Agreement, the outstanding stock options were exchanged into options to purchase the Company s common stock. The assumed stock options are subject to the same terms and conditions as the original awards, including time-based vesting. The options are generally exercisable for months following the date of vesting. 
 In November 2022, in conjunction with the acquisition of RADA, the Company converted the 2022 long-term incentive LTI program from a cash-based plan to an equity plan. The conversion was treated as a liability to equity modification. Following the modification, equity awards were granted in the form of RSUs and PRSUs. The RSUs are subject to annual time-based vesting over a three -year period. The PRSUs are subject to both time and performance-based vesting based upon the achievement of financial metrics over a three -year period: Relative Total Shareholder Return rTSR ), Revenue Growth, and Return on Invested Capital ROIC ). 
 The fair value of stock options is measured on the date of the acquisition of RADA using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of market condition PRSUs is measured on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo Simulation Model. Expense for time-based awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
 Tax benefit recognized from Share-Based Compensation 
 There was share-based compensation expense recognized for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Stock Options 
 135 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 years 
 Expected volatility (2) 
 Risk-free interest rate (3) 
 
 Expected dividend yield (4) 
 
 (1) The expected term is based upon historical experience and represents the period of time between when the options are granted and when they are expected to be exercised. 
 (2) The computation of expected volatility is based on a blend of historical RADA volatility and leverage-adjusted historical volatility of the Company s publicly traded peers. 
 (3) The risk-free interest rate is based on the bootstrap adjusted U.S. Treasury Rate Yield Curve Rate as of the valuation date, term matched with expected life of the awards. 
 (4) The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s historical experience and expectation of future dividend payouts and may be subject to changes in the future. 
 
 The weighted-average valuation date fair values for options assumed during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was . 
 Assumed Exercised ) Forfeited Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total compensation expense not yet recognized related to unvested options was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, was insignificant. 
 RSUs and PRSUs 
 
 136 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total compensation expense not yet recognized related to unvested RSUs was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield (4) 
 As of December 31, 2022, total compensation expense not yet recognized related to unvested PRSUs was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 137 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Note 17. 
 Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding Impact of dilutive share-based awards Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding Earnings per share attributable to common shareholders - basic Earnings per share attributable to common shareholders - diluted 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, potential dilutive common shares primarily consisted of employee stock options, RSUs and PRSUs, however, the amount of dilutive securities included in the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding was immaterial. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding were equal as there were no dilutive securities. 
 million stock awards excluded from the computation. During the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 there were anti-dilutive securities. 
 
 Note 18. 
 138 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Costs incurred were related to employee termination and severance costs, as well as costs related to discontinuing product lines or closing down of locations. Charges were recorded within other operating expenses, net, with the exception of costs incurred related 
 139 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Facility abandonment Inventory Total ASC 
 IMS 
 Severance Facility abandonment Inventory Total IMS 
 Corporate 
 Severance Facility abandonment Inventory Total Corporate 
 Total 
 
 The following is a summary of changes in the restructuring provision balance during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 (Dollars in millions) Balance at January 1, 2021 Additional provision Reversal and utilization ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Additional provision Reversal and utilization ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Product Warranties 
 Product warranty costs generally are accrued in proportion to product revenue realized in conjunction with our over-time revenue recognition policy. Product warranty expense is recognized based on the term of the product warranty, generally to , and the related estimated costs, considering historical claims expense. Accrued warranty costs are reduced as these costs are incurred and as the warranty period expires, and otherwise may be modified as specific product performance issues are 
 140 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Additional provision Reversal and utilization ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Additional provision Reversal and utilization ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

Note 19. 
 interest in Hoverfly Technologies, Inc. Hoverfly ), which designs, develops and manufactures power-tethered unmanned aerial systems and related products. The Company is also party to an exclusive manufacturing and teaming agreement with Hoverfly where we have related-party sales and purchases with Hoverfly. Related-party sales for these transactions are included in revenues and were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company has related-party purchases with the Majority Stockholder and its other affiliates that occur in the regular course of business. Related-party purchases for these transactions are included in cost of revenues and were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The receivables and payables related to transactions with the Majority Stockholder and its other affiliates of million and million, respectively, and payables of million and million, respectively, are included in accounts receivable and accounts payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, there was a related-party balance in contract assets of million at December 31, 2022. 
 Prior to acquiring RADA on November 28, 2022, the Company considered RADA a related party due to a common Board Member. As of November 28, 2022, the Company purchased million from RADA and had paid the invoices. After November 28, 2022, all transactions with RADA are eliminated in consolidation. 
 The Company entered into Tax Allocation Agreement with US Holding, dated as of November 16, 2020. See Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more information. 

Note 20. 
 reportable segments, ASC and IMS, to align our market strategy and capital allocation decision making with our operating structure. Prior year information was revised to reflect the new segment structure. All other 
 141 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 IMS Corporate Eliminations ) ) ) Total revenue 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 ASC IMS Total intersegment revenue 
 
 IMS Total depreciation 
 
 Total assets by segment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following: 
 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 ASC IMS Corporate Eliminations Total assets 

142 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 IMS Corporate Eliminations Total Adjusted EBITDA 
 Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Depreciation ) ) ) Restructuring costs ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Deal related transaction costs ) ) ) Other non-operating expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of dispositions Income tax provision ) ) ) Net earnings 

Note 21. 

143 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and determined these disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Due to the inherent limitations, internal control systems can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation, and may not prevent or detect financial statement misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of internal control effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that existing controls may become inadequate because of changing conditions, or that the degree of compliance with existing policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has excluded from the scope of its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the operations and related assets acquired in the RADA merger (the Acquired Company ), which were acquired on November 28, 2022. The Acquired Company s total assets and total sales represented approximately 8 and 0.5 of the Company's respective consolidated total assets and total sales as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As the result of the RADA transaction, the Company added Business Combination and Stock Compensations controls into the overall internal controls framework in Q4. Other than these additions, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the 
 144 

evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C . DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 regarding our directors and corporate governance matters is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement sections entitled "Directors and Corporate 
 145 

Governance." The information required by Item 10 regarding our executive officers appears as a supplementary item following Item 4 under Part I of this Report. The information required by Item 10 regarding compliance with section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement section entitled "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports . 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our executive officers, including our Principal Executive Officer, our Principal Financial Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer, which can be found on our website at http://www.investors.leonardodrs.com. We will post any amendment to or waiver from the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to the executive officers above on the same website and will provide it to stockholders free of charge upon written request by contacting Leonardo DRS, Inc., at 2345 Crystal Drive, Suite 1000, Arlington, Virginia 22202. 
 
 146 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement sections entitled Directors and Corporate Governance - Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Committee Report. Notwithstanding anything indicating the contrary set forth in this Report, the Compensation Committee Report section of the Proxy Statement shall be deemed to be furnished not filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

147 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement sections entitled Stock Ownership of Management Table, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation and Persons Owning More than 5 of Leonardo DRS Common Stock. 
 
 148 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
 INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement sections entitled Related Person Transaction Reporting Compliance and Director Independence. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement section entitled Fees Paid to Auditor. 
 
 149 

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 1.Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Earnings 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (1 to 21) 
 
 2. Index to Exhibits - Leonardo DRS 
 
 Exhibits listed below, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, and which were filed as noted below, are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of this report with the effect as if filed herewith. 
 Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2022, by and among SES Government Solutions, Inc., SES S.A., DRS Defense Solutions, LLC and DRS Global Enterprise Solutions, Inc. and Leonardo DRS, Inc. 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 21, 2022, by among RADA Electronic Industries LTD., Leonardo DRS, Inc. and Blackstart LTD 
 2.2(a) Certain Waivers to and Amendments of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 21, 2022, by and among RADA Electronic Industries LTD., Leonardo DRS, Inc. and Blackstart LTD, effective August 25, 2022 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Leonardo DRS, Inc., as in effect 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Leonardo DRS, Inc., as in effect 
 10.1 Tax Allocation Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2020, by and among Leonardo US Holding, Inc., Leonardo DRS, Inc. and the other signatories thereto 
 10.2 Trademark License Agreement , dated as of January 1, 2021, by and between Leonardo DRS, Inc. and Leonardo Societ per azioni 
 10.3 Commitment Letter re Leonardo DRS, Inc. Commitment to Mitigate Foreign Ownership, Control or Influence, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and among Leonardo DRS, Inc., Leonardo US Holding, Inc., Leonardo Societ per azioni and the U.S. Department of Defense 
 10.4 First Amendment to Tax Allocation Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and among Leonardo US Holding, Inc., Leonardo DRS, Inc. and Leonardo Aircraft, Inc., effective July 28, 2022 
 10.5 Second Amendment to Tax Allocation Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and among Leonardo US Holding, Inc., Leonardo DRS, Inc. and Leonardo Aircraft, Inc., effective July 29, 2022 
 
 150 

10.6 Form of Amended and Restated Proxy Agreement by and among Leonardo DRS, Inc., the individual Proxy Holders signatories thereto, Leonardo US Holding, Inc., Leonardo Societ per azioni and the U.S. Department of Defense 
 10.7 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2022, by and among Leonardo DRS, Inc., Leonardo S.P.A. and Leonardo US Holdings, Inc. 
 10.8 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2022, by and among Leonardo DRS, Inc., Leonardo S.P.A. and Leonardo US Holdings, Inc. 
 10.9 Credit Agreement dated as of November 29, 2022, by and among Leonardo DRS, Inc. referred to therein, each of the lenders identified therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent 
 10.10 Employment Agreement , dated as of November 22, 2022, by and between Leonardo DRS, Inc. and William J. Lynn III 
 10.11 Leonardo DRS Incentive Compensation Plan 
 10.12 Leonardo DRS Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10.13 Leonardo DRS, Inc. Executive Severance Plan 
 10.14 Leonardo DRS, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 10.16 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement 
 10.17 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 21.1 Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification by principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13A-14(a) or 15D-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification by principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13A-14(a) or 15D-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification by principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification by principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear on the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _______________ 
 Identifies each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 151 

(a) Financial Statement Schedules: Not applicable. 
 
 152 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized as of March 28, 2023. 
 LEONARDO DRS, INC. By: /s/ William J. Lynn III Name: William J. Lynn III Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed on March 28, 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated. 
 Signature Title /s/ William J. Lynn III Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 William J. Lynn III /s/ Michael D. Dippold Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Michael D. Dippold /s/ Pamela J. Morrow Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Pamela J. Morrow /s/ Louis R. Brothers Director Louis R. Brothers /s/ David W. Carey Director David W. Carey /s/ General George W. Casey, Jr. (Ret.) Director General George W. Casey, Jr. (Ret.) /s/ Kenneth J. Krieg Director Kenneth J. Krieg /s/ Eric C. Salzman Director Eric C. Salzman /s/ Frances F. Townsend Director Frances F. Townsend /s/ Gail Baker Director Gail Baker /s/ Mary E. Gallagher Director Mary E. Gallagher 

153 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(D) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT 
 
 No such annual report or proxy material has been sent to security holders. 

154 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 exhibit1011_drsxincentivec.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

LEONARDO DRS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 (ICP) 

Last Revised July 13, 2022 

1.0 PLAN OBJECTIVES 
 The primary Plan objectives are 
 1.1. To encourage individual effort and group teamwork toward the accomplishment of Company and Individual Performance Objectives. 
 1.2. To reward outstanding performance by Participants. 
 1.3. To provide total compensation that is competitive with the businesses with which the Company competes and sufficient to maintain the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate its participating employees. 
 1.4. To focus the attention of Participants on Company, Operating Unit and individual goals for the Plan Year. 
 2.0 DEFINITIONS 
 2.1. Administrator The Compensation Committee of the Board (as constituted from time to time and including any successor committee) or its designee. 
 2.2. Affiliate(s) Any corporation, subsidiary or other entity controlled by the Company and designated by the Administrator as a participating entity in the Plan. 
 2.3. Award Letter Written notification to a Participant informing the Participant of his or her Target Award for the Plan Year. 
 2.4. Award Payment The amount of an ICP award payment made, or to be made, to a Participant as determined by the achievement of the designated Company, Operating Unit and Individual Performance Objectives. 
 2.5. Base Salary The Participant s annualized rate of base salary as of April 1 of the Plan Year before (i) deductions for taxes, benefits or other required withholdings, and (ii) deferrals of compensation pursuant to any Company or Affiliate- sponsored plans. 
 2.6. Board The Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 
 2.7. Calculated Award The score of each performance component multiplied by the Target Award for each performance component, summed to calculate the total Calculated Award. 
 2.8. Cause means (a) with respect to a Participant employed pursuant to a written employment agreement which agreement includes a definition of Cause, Cause as defined in that agreement or (b) with respect to any other Participant, the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Participant s repeated or continued failure to perform his or her duties to the Company s satisfaction (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), as determined in the Company s sole discretion (ii) the Participant s engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct or misconduct (iii) the Participant s embezzlement, misappropriation or fraud, whether or not related to the Participant s employment with the Company (iv) the Participant s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or (v) the Participant s violations of the Company s code of ethics and business conduct, as amended from time to time, as determined in the Company s sole discretion. 
 2.9. CEO The Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

1.1. Code The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including any regulations or authoritative guidance promulgated thereunder and successor provisions thereto. 
 1.2. Committee The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 
 1.3. Company Leonardo DRS, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 1.4. Company Performance Objectives The Company s annual financial and operational performance objectives established by senior management and approved by the Administrator. 
 1.5. Company Performance Objective Threshold(s) The minimum level of performance below which no Award Payment amount will be paid in connection with a Performance Objective, a target level of performance at which one hundred percent (100 of the Target Award will be paid in connection with a Performance Objective, and a maximum level of performance above which no additional Award Payment amount will be paid in connection with a Performance Objective. 
 1.6. Disabled or Disability Unless otherwise defined in an employment agreement between the Participant and the Company, a Participant s inability to perform the duties of his or her employment on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, as determined by the Committee. 
 1.7. Earned Award The Calculated Award following any adjustments, up or down in accordance with Section 7.0, based upon review of a Participant s contributions and other performance considerations. 
 1.8. EBITDA (Adjusted) The Company s net earnings before income taxes, amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation, restructuring costs, interest, acquisition and divestiture related expenses, foreign exchange, non- service pension expenditures and other one-time non-operational events. 
 1.9. EBITA (Adjusted) Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Amortization of intangibles (plus or minus an adjustment for Working Capital). 
 1.10. ICP or Plan The Leonardo DRS Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 1.11. Individual Performance Objectives Specific performance objectives established and approved for each Participant reflective of his her functional area and individual responsibilities. 
 1.12. Operating Unit A major business area or Company subsidiary, as designated by the Company and amended from time to time. 
 1.13. Operating Unit Performance Objectives The specific financial and or operating objectives established for each Operating Unit. 
 1.14. Participant Those employees of the Company or an Affiliate selected to participate in the ICP and who receive an Award Letter pursuant to the Plan. 
 1.15. Payment Date The date on which Award Payments are made to Participants. 
 1.16. Plan Year January 1 through December31. 
 1.17. Pro-rated Award Payment An amount equal to the Award Payment otherwise payable to the Participant for the Plan Year, multiplied by a fraction, the 

numerator of which is the number of days the Participant worked during the Plan Year and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Plan Year. 
 1.18. Pro-rated Target Award An amount equal to the Target Award a Participant otherwise would have been granted for the Plan Year, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Participant worked during the Plan Year and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Plan Year. 
 1.19. Restrictive Covenants The restrictions set forth in Section 11.15 and, if Participant is a party to, or participant in, an employment agreement, severance agreement or other agreement or plan with the Company, which agreement sets forth provisions regarding confidential information, non-solicitation or non- competition, the provisions set forth in such employment agreement, severance agreement or other agreement or plan. 
 1.20. Section 409A Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that section, and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they may be from time to time amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 1.21. Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind, regardless of who initiates it, that in any way invites, advises, encourages or requests any person to take or refrain from taking any action. 
 1.22. Target Award The target award, calculated as a percentage of a Participant s Base Salary in accordance with Section 6.3, potentially payable under the Plan to a Participant following the Plan Year. The target award assumes 100 achievement of all performance objectives for the Plan Year. 
 1.23. Target Performance Level The fully satisfactory performance level at which the Calculated Award will equal 100 of the Target Award established for that performance objective. 
 1.24. Top Executives The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, Executive Vice Presidents who report directly to the CEO. The actual number of executives covered by this definition may vary from time to time. 
 1.25. Treasury Regulations The regulations promulgated under the Code by the United States Treasury Department, as amended. 
 1.26. United States GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 
 3.0 ADMINISTRATION 
 3.1. The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. 
 3.2. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may delegate all or part of its authority and powers under the Plan to the CEO provided however , the Committee may not delegate its responsibility to issue Target Awards or determine Award Payments to the CEO. 
 3.3. Subject to the provisions of the Plan and applicable law, the Administrator shall have the power, in addition to other express powers and authorizations conferred on the Administrator by the Plan, to (i) designate Participants (ii) determine the terms and conditions of any Target Award or Award Payment (iii) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Target Awards or Award Payments may be issued, modified, amended, withdrawn, rescinded, forfeited, 

suspended, reduced, eliminated, or clawed back (iv) interpret and administer the Plan (v) reconcile any inconsistency, correct any defect, and or supply any omission, in the Plan or any instrument or agreement relating to, or Target Award granted under, the Plan (vi) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any Plan rules or provisions for the administration, interpretation and or application of the Plan 
 3.4. (vii) adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside of the United States (viii) amend, alter, cancel, suspend, modify or terminate the Plan and (ix) make any other determination and take any other action that the Administrator deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. 
 3.5. All determinations and decisions made by the Administrator and any designee of the Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law. 
 3.6. The Administrator may appoint agents to assist in administering the Plan. The Administrator and each member thereof shall be entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to it or him by any officer or employee of the Company, the Company s certified public accountants, consultants or any other agent assisting in the administration of the Plan. The Administrator and any officer or employee of the Company acting at the direction or on behalf of the Administrator shall not be personally liable for any action or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company with respect to any such action or determination. 
 4.0 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 4.1. Participation in the Plan is limited to those individuals employed by the Company or its Affiliates who are regularly scheduled to work 30 or more hours per week and selected to participate by the Administrator or its authorized designee. 
 4.2. The Administrator, or its authorized designee, shall select the individuals who shall be Participants for the Plan Year. Only those individuals designated by the Administrator to participate in the Plan for the Plan Year and who are issued an Award Letter under the Plan, may participate in the Plan for the designated Plan Year. 
 4.3. Subject to Section 4.2 , an individual hired or promoted into an eligible position (as designated by the Administrator) prior to September 1 of the Plan Year, is eligible to receive a Pro-rated Target Award reflecting participation for a portion of the Plan Year. 
 4.4. Unless otherwise authorized by the Administrator, or its authorized designee, an individual hired or promoted into an otherwise eligible position after August 31 of the Plan Year is not eligible to participate in the Plan. 
 4.5. An individual who is designated as a Participant for the Plan Year is not guaranteed or assured of being selected for participation in any subsequent Plan Year. Participation in the Plan does not guarantee participation in other or future incentive plans. Plan design and participation will be evaluated and determined on a year-to-year basis. 

4.6. Except as provided herein, to be eligible to receive payments under the Plan, Participants must be actively and continuously employed by the Company through the Payment Date following the end of the Plan Year. If a Participant takes a leave of absence from the Company for a portion of the Plan Year, the Participant will be eligible to receive a Pro-rated Award Payment, reflecting participation for the period during which the Participant was actively employed and depending upon the type of leave and time away from the Company, as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. 
 4.7. If a Participant s employment terminates and the Company or an Affiliate re- employs the Participant at any time thereafter, whether in the same or different Plan Year, the Participant shall not automatically resume participation in the ICP. Any subsequent participation in the ICP will be subject to designation by the Administrator and the issuance of a new Target Award. 
 5.0 PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES 
 5.1. Prior to, or reasonably promptly following the commencement of the Plan Year, subject to approval by the Administrator, the Company will establish the Company and or Operating Unit Performance Objectives for the Plan Year. 
 5.2. The Administrator will approve the minimum, target and maximum Company Performance Objective Thresholds for each Company and Operating Unit Performance Objective for the Plan Year. 
 5.3. Individual Performance Objectives will be established for each Participant. 
 5.4. The Administrator will approve the relative weighting of the Company, Operating Unit and or Individual Performance Objectives for the Plan Year. 
 6.0 TARGET AWARDS 
 6.1. Prior to, or reasonably promptly following the commencement of the Plan Year, the Administrator shall establish or approve the Target Award for each Participant. 
 6.2. The Company shall notify each Participant of the Participant s Target Award on or after January 1 of each Plan Year through issuance of an Award Letter. 
 6.3. Target Award amounts are based upon a percentage of each Participant s Base Salary in effect as of April 1 of the Plan Year. The Target Award will be adjusted on a pro-rata basis to reflect any changes to a Participant s Base Salary after April 1 of the Plan Year. 
 7.0 DETERMINATION OF CALCULATED AND EARNED AWARDS 
 7.1. Following completion of the Plan Year, the Administrator shall determine or approve the extent to which Company, Operating Unit and or Individual Performance Objectives (collectively, Performance Objectives were achieved or exceeded. If the minimum Company Performance Objective Thresholds are not achieved for a designated Performance Objective, no Award Payments will be paid related to that Performance Objective. 
 7.2. To the extent the minimum Company Performance Objective Threshold is achieved for a Performance Objective, the Administrator shall certify in writing the extent to which the Performance Objective has been achieved or exceeded. 
 7.3. The Calculated Award is the sum of the weighted Performance Objectives. The Earned Award is determined by multiplying the Calculated Award by a 

discretionary factor selected at the discretion of the Company in accordance with Section 7.4 . 
 7.4. Calculated and Earned Awards may be (i) increased or decreased for Participants who are not Top Executives at the discretion of the CEO, and (ii) decreased for Participants who are Top Executives, at the discretion of the Administrator based on circumstances or events unrelated to achievement of the Performance Objectives (e.g., inappropriate behavior or conduct poor demonstration of critical competencies, etc.). 
 7.5. Payout ranges for each Performance Objective run from 0 to 200 of the Target Performance Level. 
 7.6. Earned Award recommendations will be reviewed and subject to approval by the CEO for Participants who are not Top Executives. Earned Awards for Top Executives are subject to the approval of the Administrator. 
 7.7. Earned Awards will be calculated and rounded to the nearest one hundred dollars. 
 8.0 AWARD PAYMENTS 
 8.1. Earned Awards will be calculated within a reasonable period following the end of the Plan Year. 
 8.2. Except as otherwise provided herein, as soon as practicable following the determination of any Earned Awards, each Participant shall receive a cash lump sum payment of the Participant s applicable Award Payment, less required and applicable withholdings and deductions. In no event shall such payment be made later than the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of a Plan Year. 
 8.3. Subject to the discretion of the CEO and approval by the Administrator, no Award Payments will be paid to Participants if the Company s EBITDA or EBITA is 50 or less of plan for the Plan Year. 
 8.4. Subject to the discretion of the CEO and approval by the Administrator, Award Payments may not be paid to Participants if Operating Unit EBITDA or EBITA is 50 or less of plan for the Plan Year. 
 8.5. The Administrator is authorized, in its sole discretion, to adjust or modify the calculation as to achievement of Company or Operating Unit Performance Objectives in connection with any one or more of the following events 
 (a) asset write-downs 
 (b) significant litigation or claim judgments or settlements 
 (c) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting standards or principles, or other laws or regulatory rules affecting reporting results 
 (d) any reorganization and restructuring programs 
 (e) extraordinary nonrecurring items as in the Company s financial statements for the applicable year or period 
 (f) acquisitions or divestitures 
 (g) any other specific unusual or nonrecurring events or objectively determinable category thereof (e.g., restructuring expenses) 
 (h) foreign exchange gains and losses and 
 (i) a change in the Company s fiscal year. 

9.0 EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENT 
 9.1. Award Payments are not earned until the Payment Date. No Award Payments will be paid to any Participant who is not actively employed, in good standing, by the Company or an Affiliate on the Payment Date, subject to the discretion of (i) the CEO for Participants who are not Top Executives and (ii) the Administrator for Top Executives. Whether a Participant is employed in good standing as of the Payment Date shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company. 
 9.2. In addition to being actively employed, in good standing, on the Payment Date, Participants must receive an overall performance rating of Solid Performer or better for the Plan Year in order to be eligible to receive payment of an Earned Award. Subject to Section 4.0 , Participants with an overall performance rating of New to Role Developing may be eligible to receive a Pro-rated Award Payment at the discretion of the Administrator. 
 10.0 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 
 10.1. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10.1 , Section 10.3 , or in any employment agreement or severance arrangement of the Company or its Affiliates if a Participant s employment terminates for any reason, the Participant shall cease to be eligible for any Award Payments not paid as of the date on which employment terminates, provided however, in the event a Participant is terminated involuntarily for reasons other than Cause, on or after September 1 of the Plan Year, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may authorize a Pro-rated Award Payment reflecting the Participant s participation for a portion of the Plan Year. 
 10.2. If a Participant s employment is terminated for Cause, the Participant shall cease to be eligible for any Award Payments not paid as of the date on which employment terminates. The Company may require repayment of any Earned Award Payments previously paid to a Participant if it discovers facts that, if known earlier, would have constituted grounds for termination of employment for Cause prior to payment. 
 10.3. If a Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may authorize a Pro-rated Award Payment to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary reflecting the Participant s participation for a portion of the Plan Year in which employment terminated. In the case of a Participant s Disability, employment shall be deemed to have terminated on the date the Administrator determines the Participant is Disabled. 
 10.4. Any Pro-rated Award Payments paid pursuant to this Section 10.0 will be made at the same time and in the same manner as Earned Award payments paid to other Participants. 
 10.5. In the event a Participant s status changes during the Plan Year as a result of promotion, demotion, position re-evaluation or re-assignment, the Participant s Target Award may be revised by the Administrator in its sole discretion. Target Awards will typically be pro-rated based on the amount of time spent in each position and the corresponding Target Award percentage for each position. 
 11.0 GENERAL 
 11.1. Compliance with Legal Requirements . The Plan and the granting of Target Awards shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and 

regulations, and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. 
 11.2. Non-transferability . A person s rights and interests under the Plan, including any Target Award previously made to such person or any amounts payable under the Plan may not be assigned, pledged, or transferred. 
 11.3. No Right to Employment . Nothing in the Plan or in any Award Letter shall confer upon any person the right to continue in the employment of the Company or any Affiliate or affect the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the employment of any Participant. 
 11.4. No Right to Award . Unless otherwise expressly set forth in an employment agreement signed by the Company and a Participant, a Participant shall not have any right to a Target Award under the Plan until such Target Award has been issued to such Participant. Participation in the Plan in one Plan Year does not connote or confer any right to participate in the Plan in any future Plan Year. 
 11.5. Withholding . The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amounts payable under the Plan, any federal, state or local income and or payroll taxes required by law to be withheld, any other applicable withholdings or deductions, and to take such other action as the Company may deem advisable to enable the Company and Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax obligations relating to payment of an Earned Award. The Company shall also be entitled to withhold from an Earned Award any amounts owed by the Participant to the Company. Participants will only receive the net amount remaining after all applicable taxes, withholdings and deductions have been collected. 
 11.6. Amendment or Termination of the Plan . The Board or the Committee may, at any time, amend, alter, cancel, suspend, modify, or terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, at any time and for any reason. Any Earned Awards earned prior to the date of modification or termination will be distributed in accordance with Plan provisions. 
 11.7. Unfunded Status . Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant, beneficiary or legal representative or any other person. To the extent that a person acquires a right to receive payments under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general funds of the Company and no special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such amounts except as expressly set forth in the Plan. The Plan is not intended to be subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA). 
 11.8. Governing Law, Jurisdiction, Venue . The laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of the Plan regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. The parties agree that any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Plan shall be brought to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of Arlington County (Virginia) or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia (Alexandria Division).The parties irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any 

objection a party may have to the laying of venue for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court. THE PARTIES ALSO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY HAVE OR MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY 
 SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. If any one or more provisions of the Plan shall for any reason be held invalid or unenforceable, it is the specific intent of the parties that such provisions shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it or its application valid and enforceable. 
 11.9. Section 409Aof the Code . It is intended that payments under the Plan qualify as short-term deferrals exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. In the event that any Award Payment does not qualify for treatment as an exempt short-term deferral, it is intended that such amount will be paid in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan shall be interpreted and construed accordingly. The Board and the Committee will have full authority to give effect to the intent of the foregoing. 
 Without limiting the generality of this Section 11.9 , with respect to any Target Award or Award Payment made under the Plan that is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A 
 (a) any payment due upon termination of the Participant s employment will be paid only upon such Participant s separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A 
 (b) any payment to be made with respect to such Target Award in connection with the Participant s separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A (and any other payment that would be subject to the limitations in Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code) will be delayed until six months after the Participant s separation from service (or earlier death) in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A and 
 (c) for purposes of determining whether the Participant has experienced a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A, subsidiary will mean a corporation or other entity in a chain of corporations or other entities in which each corporation or other entity, starting with the Company, has a controlling interest in another corporation or other entity in the chain, ending with such corporation or other entity. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term controlling interest has the same meaning as provided in Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(i) of the Treasury Regulations, provided that the language at least 20 percent is used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(i) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 11.10. Section Headings . The headings of the Plan have been inserted for convenience of reference only and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such headings, shall control. 
 11.11. Severability . In the event any provision of the Plan shall be considered illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of the Plan, but shall be fully severable, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been contained therein. 
 11.12. Non-exclusive . Nothing in the Plan shall limit the authority of the Company to adopt other compensation arrangements for a Participant. 

11.13. Successors . Subject to Section 11.6 , all obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to Target Awards granted hereunder shall be binding upon any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 11.14. Effect on Other Benefits . Amounts paid or payable under the Plan may be taken into account in determining payments or benefits under any other compensation or benefit plan, but only to the extent provided for, or not explicitly prohibited by, any governing plan documents. 
 11.15. Non-Solicitation . During the term of Participant s employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of the Participant s employment, the Participant will not, directly or indirectly, either on Participant s own behalf or on behalf of any other individual or commercial enterprise (i) Solicit, induce or assist any third party in Soliciting or inducing any individual or entity who is then (or was at any time within the preceding twelve (12) months) an employee, consultant, independent contractor or agent of Company (collectively, Covered Employee to leave the employment of the Company or cease performing services for the Company (ii) hire or engage or assist any third party in hiring or engaging, any Covered Employee or (iii) Solicit, induce or assist any third party in Soliciting or inducing any other person or entity (including, without limitation, any third-party service provider or distributor) to terminate its relationship with the Company or otherwise interfere with such relationship. 
 This non-solicitation provision explicitly covers all forms of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to, communications by email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant message, and social media, including, but not limited to, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering into the Plan. However, it will not be deemed a violation of this Section if the Participant merely updates the Participant s LinkedIn profile or connects with a Covered Employee on Facebook, LinkedIn, or other social media platform without engaging in any other substantive communication, by social media or otherwise, that is prohibited by this Section. 
 11.16. Forfeiture for Violation of Restrictive Covenants . The grant of an Award Payment and Participant s agreement to the Restrictive Covenants are intended to be mutually dependent promises and in the event Participant breaches or threatens to breach the Restrictive Covenants, then to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law (i) any Award Payment that has not yet been paid shall cease to be payable and (ii) any Award Payment that has been paid to Participant during the twelve (12) months prior to Participant s breach or threatened breach of the Restrictive Covenants shall be forfeited for no consideration. 
 11.17. Clawback . In the event of a restatement of the Company s financial results (other than a restatement caused by a change in applicable accounting rules or interpretations), the result of which is that an Earned Award paid pursuant to the Plan would have been a lower amount had it been calculated based on such restated results, the Administrator shall review such Earned Award. If the Administrator determines (i) the amount of any such Earned Award actually paid to a Participant (the Awarded Compensation would have been a lower amount had it been calculated based on such restated financial statements (the Actual 

Compensation ), and (ii) such restatement is the result of negligence, misconduct, deception, non-disclosure, policy violation or fraud by a Participant, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, require repayment of a portion or all of any Award Payment from any Participants knowledgeable of, responsible for, or contributing to, the negligence, misconduct, deception, non-disclosure, policy violation or fraud resulting in the restatement (such difference, the Excess Compensation ). If the Administrator determines to seek repayment for the Excess Compensation, it shall issue a written demand for repayment from the Participant and, if the Participant does not within a reasonable period thereafter tender repayment in response to such demand, and the Administrator determines the Participant is unlikely to do so, the Administrator may authorize the Company to seek a court order against the Participant for such repayment. 
 The Company shall not be required to pay Participants any additional amounts in the event the restated financials would have otherwise resulted in a higher Award Payment. 
 The action permitted to be taken under this Section 11.17 is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any and all other rights of the Company under applicable law or any other clawback policy adopted by the Company or its Affiliates from time to time or required by applicable law and shall apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan. 
 11.18. Shortened Statute of Limitations . Each Participant agrees to shorten the applicable statute of limitations and agrees that no claims or causes of actions may be brought against the Company or any its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any of their directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, agents or representatives based upon, directly or indirectly, any claim that arises under the Plan more than twelve 
 (12) months after the date of the action that is the subject of the claim or lawsuit. Each Participant agrees to waive any statute of limitations to the contrary. 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 exhibit1012_drs-longtermin.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

LEONARDO DRS 
 
 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED 

Last Revised July 13, 2022 

THE LEONARDO DRS LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED 
 
 1. BACKGROUND. 
 
 1.1 Name and Purpose . The name of this plan is the Leonardo DRS Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ). The purpose of the Plan is to (a) motivate and reward Participants (b) enable the Company to attract and retain employees who will contribute to the Company s long-term success and (c) promote effective use of the Company s resources to achieve expected and superior performance. 
 
 1.2 Effective Date . The Plan is effective as of January 1, 2021, and was last amended on July 13, 2022, and shall remain in effect until amended or terminated pursuant to Section 9.7 . 
 
 2. DEFINITIONS . 
 
 The following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 2.1 Administrator shall mean the Committee or its designee. 
 
 2.2 Affiliate(s) means any corporation, subsidiary or other entity controlled by the Company and designated by the Administrator as a participating entity in the Plan. 
 
 2.3 Award Payment means the amount of an award payment made, or to be made, to a Participant under the Plan, as set forth in Section 6.2 . 
 
 2.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 
 
 2.5 Cause means (a) with respect to a Participant employed pursuant to a written employment agreement which agreement includes a definition of Cause, Cause as defined in that agreement or (b) with respect to any other Participant, the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Participant s repeated or continued failure to perform his or her duties to the Company s satisfaction (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), as determined in the Company s sole discretion (ii) the Participant s engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct or misconduct (iii) the Participant s embezzlement, misappropriation or fraud, whether or not related to the Participant s employment with the Company (iv) the Participant s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or (v) the Participant s violations of the Company s code of ethics and business conduct, as amended from time to time, as determined in the Company s sole discretion. 

1.1 CEO means Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 1.2 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including any regulations or authoritative guidance promulgated thereunder and successor provisions thereto. 
 
 1.3 Committee means the Compensation Committee, as constituted from time to time, appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 3.1 . 
 
 1.4 Company means Leonardo DRS, Inc. 
 
 1.5 Company Performance Component means the part of a Target Award tied to achievement of Company Performance Metrics, as set forth in a Grant Award Letter. 
 
 1.6 Company Performance Metric(s) means the specific Company performance metrics or objectives identified by the Committee as comprising the Company Performance Component for a given Plan Year or Performance Cycle. 
 
 1.7 Company Performance Metric Threshold(s) means (i) a minimum level of performance below which no Award Payment amount will be paid for a Company Performance Metric, (ii) a target level of performance at which one hundred percent (100 of the Target Award will be paid for a Company Performance Metric, and (iii) a maximum level of performance above which no additional Award Payment amount will be paid for a Company Performance Metric. 
 
 1.8 Covered Employee has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.16 . 2.14 
 2.15 Disability or Disabled means, unless otherwise defined in an employment agreement between the Participant and the Company, a Participant s inability to perform the duties of his or her employment on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, as determined by the Committee. 
 
 2.16 Excess Compensation has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.18 . 
 
 2.17 Grant Award Letter means written or electronic notification to a Participant informing the Participant of his or her Target Award of the Plan Year and the form of any future Award Payment. 
 
 2.18 Negative Discretion means the discretion of the Committee to reduce or eliminate the size of an Award Payment in accordance with Section 6.1(d) of the Plan. 
 
 2.19 Participant means employees of the Company or an Affiliate designated by the Committee or its authorized delegate(s) to participate in the Plan and who receive a Grant Award Letter pursuant to the Plan. 

2.20 Participant Retention Component means the part of a Target Award that is tied to a Participant s continuous active employment and retention through the end of a Performance Cycle, as set forth in a Grant Award Letter. 
 
 2.21 Payment Date means the date on which Award Payments are made to Participants. 
 
 2.22 Performance Cycle means three (3) consecutive Plan Years, commencing on the first day of the Plan Year in which a Target Award is issued and ending on the last day of the third Plan Year thereafter e.g. , January 1, 2022 December 31, 2024). 
 
 2.23 Plan means the Leonardo DRS Long-Term Incentive Plan, as hereafter amended from time to time. 
 
 2.24 Plan Year means the Company s fiscal year, which commences on January 1 and ends on December 31. 
 
 2.25 Pro-rated Award Payment means an amount equal to the Award Payment otherwise payable to the Participant for a Plan Year or Performance Cycle in which the Participant was actively employed by the Company or an Affiliate for only a portion thereof, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Participant worked during the Plan Year or Cycle and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Plan Year or Cycle. Pro-rated Award Payments will be made at the same time and in the same manner as Award Payments to other Participants. 
 
 2.26 Restrictive Covenants The restrictions set forth in Section 9.16 and, if Participant is a party to, or participant in, an employment agreement, severance agreement or other agreement or plan with the Company, which agreement sets forth provisions regarding confidential information, non-solicitation or non- competition, the provisions set forth in such employment agreement, severance agreement or other agreement or plan. 
 
 2.27 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that section, and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they may be from time to time amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 
 2.28 Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind, regardless of who initiates it, that in any way invites, advises, encourages or requests any person to take or refrain from taking any action. 
 
 2.29 Target Award means the target award, expressed as a fixed cash value, potentially payable under the Plan to a Participant over the course of one (1) Performance Cycle. The amount designated as the target award assumes 100 achievement of all Company Performance Metrics for each Plan Year of the 

applicable Performance Cycle as well as complete satisfaction of the Participant Retention Component for the applicable Performance Cycle. 
 
 2.30 Target Threshold means the Company Performance Metric Threshold established for a Company Performance Metric, the achievement of which would result in payment to Participants in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Target Award designated for that particular Company Performance Metric. Because a Plan Year can be part of multiple Performance Cycles, multiple and different Target Thresholds may be established for the same Company Performance Metric for the same Plan Year. 
 
 2.31 Top Executives means the Chief Executive Officer CEO ), the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, and Executive Vice Presidents who report directly to the CEO. The actual number of executives covered by this definition may vary from time to time. 
 
 2.32 Treasury Regulations means the regulations promulgated under the Code by the United States Treasury Department, as amended. 
 
 3. ADMINISTRATION. 
 
 3.1 Administration . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. 
 
 3.2 Delegation by the Administrator . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may delegate all or part of its authority and powers under the Plan to the CEO provided however , the Committee may not delegate its responsibility to issue Target Awards or determine Award Payments to the Top Executives. 
 
 3.3 Authority of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and applicable law, the Administrator shall have the power, in addition to other express powers and authorizations conferred on the Administrator by the Plan, to 
 (i) designate Participants (ii) determine the terms and conditions of any Target Award or Award Payment (iii) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Target Awards or Award Payments may be issued, modified, amended, withdrawn, rescinded, forfeited, suspended, reduced, eliminated, or clawed back (iv) interpret and administer the Plan (v) reconcile any inconsistency, correct any defect, and or supply any omission, in the Plan or any instrument or agreement relating to, or Target Award issued under, the Plan 
 (vi) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any Plan rules or provisions for the administration, interpretation and or application of the Plan (vii) adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside of the United States (viii) amend, alter, cancel, suspend, modify or terminate the Plan and (iv) make any other determination and take any other action that the Administrator deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. 

3.4 Decisions Binding . All determinations and decisions made by the Administrator and any authorized designee of the Administrator, pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law. 
 
 3.5 Agents Limitation of Liability . The Administrator may appoint agents to assist in administering the Plan. The Administrator and each member thereof shall be entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to it or him by any officer or employee of the Company, the Company s certified public accountants, consultants or any other agent assisting in the administration of the Plan. The Administrator and any Committee, director, officer or employee of the Company acting at the direction or on behalf of the Administrator shall not be personally liable for any action or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company with respect to any such action or determination. 
 
 4. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION. 
 
 4.1 Eligibility . Only those individuals designated by the Administrator or its designee, and issued a Grant Award Letter, are eligible to participate in the Plan. Participation in the Plan is limited to those individuals regularly scheduled to work thirty (30) or more hours per week and selected to participate by the Administrator or its authorized designee. 
 
 4.2 Participation . The Administrator, or its authorized designee, shall select the individuals who shall be Participants for each Plan Year or Performance Cycle. Only those individuals designated by the Administrator or its designee to participate in the Plan with respect to a particular Plan Year or Performance Cycle, and who are issued a Grant Award Letter under the Plan, may participate in the Plan for the designated Plan Year or Performance Cycle. 
 
 4.3 New Hires . Subject to Section 4.2 , an individual hired into an eligible position prior to September 1 of a Plan Year is eligible to receive a Target Award. 
 
 4.4 Future Plan Years Other Plans . An individual who is designated as a Participant for a given Plan Year or Performance Cycle is not guaranteed or assured of being selected for participation in any subsequent Plan Year or Performance Cycle. Participation in the Plan does not guarantee participation in other or future incentive plans. Plan design and participation will be evaluated and determined on a year-to-year basis. 
 
 4.5 Leaves of Absence . Except as provided herein, to be eligible to receive payments under the Plan, Participants must be actively and continuously employed by the Company through the Payment Date following the end of each Plan Year and or Performance Cycle. If a Participant takes a leave of absence from the Company for a portion of a Plan Year or Performance Cycle, the Participant will be eligible 

to receive Pro-rated Award Payments, as to both the Company Performance Components and Participant Retention Components, reflecting participation for the period during which the Participant was actively employed and depending upon the type of leave and time away from the Company, as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. 
 
 4.6 Re-employment . If a Participant s employment terminates and the Company or an Affiliate re-employs the Participant at any time thereafter, whether in the same or different Plan Year or Performance Cycle, the Participant shall not automatically resume participation in the Plan. Any subsequent participation in the Plan will be subject to designation by the Administrator and the issuance of a new Target Award. 
 
 5. TERMS OF TARGET AWARDS. 
 
 5.1 Determination of Target Awards . Prior to, or reasonably promptly following the commencement of each Plan Year, the Administrator shall establish or approve the Target Award for each Participant. The Company shall provide each Participant with a Grant Award Letter after January 1 of each Plan Year. In the event a Participant s Target Award is changed during the Plan Year, unless otherwise determined by the Company, all future Award Payments shall be calculated based on the new Target Award. 
 
 5.2 Target Award Components . Target Awards shall be comprised of two (2) components a Company Performance Component and a Participant Retention Component. 
 
 5.3 Company Performance Component . 
 
 (a) Determination of Company Performance Component . Prior to, or reasonably promptly following commencement of, each Plan Year, the Administrator, for each Performance Cycle, shall establish 
 
 (i) Company Performance Metrics 
 
 (ii) the relative weighting of each Company Performance Metrics 
 
 (iii) Company Performance Metric Thresholds (minimum, target and maximum) for each Company Performance Metric 
 
 (iv) the payout range for each Company Performance Metric and 
 
 (v) a formula or interpolation (sliding) scale for determining the percentage of the Target Award payable as determined by the percentage level achieved of the designated Target Threshold for each Company Performance Metric. 

(b) Award Payments Related to Company Performance Component . The Company Performance Component of each Target Award is earned and payable subject to the Company s achievement of the designated Company Performance Metric Thresholds for each of the weighted Company Performance Metrics, for each Plan Year of the applicable Performance Cycle. Unless stated otherwise in the Grant Award Letter, the Company Performance Component of a Target Award is payable in a lump sum at the end of the three (3) Plan Years of the applicable Performance Cycle, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 6 . 
 
 (c) Notice to Participants of Company Performance Component . The Company shall notify Participants of the Company Performance Component details for each Performance Cycle, on or after January 1 of the first Plan Year in a Performance Cycle, through issuance of a Grant Award Letter. 
 
 5.4 Participant Retention Component . 
 
 (a) Determination of Participant Retention Component . Prior to, or reasonably promptly following commencement of, each Performance Cycle, the Administrator shall establish the Participant Retention Component for each Plan Year of the next Performance Cycle. 
 
 (b) Award Payments Related to Participant Retention Component . The Participant Retention Component of each Target Award is payable if, and only if, the Participant is actively employed in good standing as of the Payment Date following the last day of each Plan Year of the applicable Performance Cycle. 
 
 6. PAYMENT OF TARGET AWARDS. 
 
 6.1 Determination of Award Payments Certification. 
 
 (a) Following the completion of the Performance Cycle, the Administrator shall determine the extent to which the Target Thresholds for each Company Performance Metric were achieved or exceeded. 
 
 (b) If the minimum Company Performance Metric Thresholds are not achieved for a designated Company Performance Metric, no Award Payment amount will be paid for that Company Performance Metric. If the maximum Company Performance Metric Thresholds established for a Company Performance Metrics are exceeded, no additional Award Payment amount will be paid for that Company Performance Metric. 
 
 (c) To the extent the minimum Company Performance Metric Threshold is achieved for a Company Performance Metric, the Administrator shall certify in writing the extent to which the Company Performance Metric 

has been achieved and shall then determine, in accordance with the prescribed formula or interpolation, the amount of each Participant s Award Payment related to that Company Performance Metric. 
 
 (d) In determining the amount of each Award Payment related to the Company Performance Component, the Administrator may reduce or eliminate the amount of an Award Payment by applying Negative Discretion if, in its sole discretion, such reduction or elimination is appropriate. 
 
 6.2 Form and Timing of Award Payment . Except as otherwise provided herein or in a Grant Award Letter, as soon as practicable following the Committee s certification pursuant to Section 6.1(c) for the applicable Plan Year, each Participant shall receive either a cash lump sum payment of the Participant s applicable Award Payment or, at the sole election of the Committee, an amount of fully vested shares of common stock of the Company with an equivalent fair market value (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) issued under any omnibus equity compensation plan adopted by the Company Shares ), in each case less required and applicable withholdings and deductions no later than the fifteenth (15 th day of the seventh (7 th month following the end of a Plan Year or the first pay period thereafter. Any Shares will be subject to the terms of the applicable omnibus equity compensation plan, any applicable award agreement and any applicable Grant Award Letter. 
 6.3 Treatment of 2020 Target Award Components for Award Payments . Notwithstanding the terms set forth in this Plan, only with regard to Target Awards issued in 2020, subject to Section 5.1 above, the Company Performance Metrics for such Plan Year shall be deemed satisfied at 100 of the Target Award and payable as follows 
 
 (a) For Award Payments payable in 2023, each Participant shall be eligible to receive 
 
 (i) 100 of the third installment of the Company Performance Component, attributable to 2020 Target Award, and 
 
 (ii) 100 of the Participant Retention Component attributable to the 2020 Target Award. 
 
 7. PARTICIPANT EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENT. 
 
 7.1 Award Payments are not earned until the Payment Date. 
 
 7.2 Subject to Section 8.1 , no Award Payments shall be paid to any Participant who is not actively employed, in good standing, by the Company or an Affiliate on the Payment Date. 

7.3 Whether a Participant is employed in good standing as of the Payment Date shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company. 
 
 8. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. 
 
 8.1 Termination of Employment for Reasons Other than Cause . Except as otherwise provided in Section 8.3 , if a Participant s employment terminates for any reason, the Participant shall cease to be eligible for any Award Payments not paid as of the date on which employment terminates, provided , however , (a) in the event a Participant s employment is terminated involuntarily for reasons other than Cause after December 31 of the Plan Year, and subject to the Administrator s certification pursuant to Section 6.1 , the Committee or its designee, in its sole discretion, may authorize an Award Payment reflecting the Participant s participation for the full Plan Year or Performance Cycle of which the Plan Year is part. 
 
 8.2 Termination of Employment for Cause . If a Participant s employment is terminated for Cause, the Participant shall cease to be eligible for any Award Payments not paid as of the date on which employment terminates. The Company may require repayment of any Award Payments previously paid to a Participant if it discovers facts that, if known earlier, would have constituted grounds for termination of employment for Cause prior to payment. 
 
 8.3 Termination of Employment Due to Death or Disability . 
 
 (a) Unless otherwise expressly set forth in an employment agreement signed by the Company and a Participant, if a Participant s employment is terminated by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, and subject to the Administrator s certification pursuant to Section 6.1 , the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may authorize a Pro-rated Award Payment to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary reflecting the Participant s participation for a portion of the Plan Year or Cycle(s) in which employment terminated. 
 
 (b) In the case of a Participant s Disability, employment shall be deemed to have terminated on the date the Committee determines the Participant is Disabled. 
 
 8.4 Pro-rated Award Payments . Any Pro-rated Award Payments paid pursuant to this Section 8 and subject to the Administrator s certification pursuant to Section 6.1 will be made at the same time and in the same manner as Award Payments paid to other Participants. 
 
 8.5 Re-employment . If a Participant s employment terminates and the Company re- employs the Participant at any time thereafter, whether in the same or different Plan Year or Performance Cycle, the Participant shall not automatically resume participation in the Plan. Any subsequent participation in the Plan will be subject to designation by the Administrator and the issuance of a new Target Award. 

9. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
 
 9.1 Compliance with Legal Requirements . The Plan and the issuance of Target Awards shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. 
 
 9.2 Non-transferability . A Participant s rights and interests under the Plan, including any Target Award previously made to such person or any amounts payable under the Plan, may not be assigned, pledged, or transferred, except in the event of the Participant s death, to a designated beneficiary in accordance with the Plan, or in the absence of such designation, by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 
 9.3 No Right to Employment . Nothing in the Plan or in any notice of Target Award shall confer upon any person the right to continue in the employment of the Company or any Affiliate or affect the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the employment of any Participant. 
 
 9.4 No Right to Target Award . Unless otherwise expressly set forth in an employment agreement signed by the Company and a Participant, a Participant shall not have any right to a Target Award under the Plan until such Target Award has been issued to such Participant. Participation in the Plan in one (1) Plan Year or Performance Cycle does not connote or confer any right to participate in the Plan in any future Plan Year or Performance Cycle. 
 
 9.5 Target Award Confidentiality . Target Awards and Award Payments under the Plan are confidential. Failure by a Participant to keep Target Awards and Award Payments confidential may render the Participant ineligible for any future Target Awards or Award Payments under the Plan. 
 
 9.6 Withholding . The Company shall have the right to withhold from an Award Payment any federal, state or local income and or payroll taxes required by law to be withheld, any other applicable withholdings or deductions, and to take such other action as the Company may deem advisable to enable the Company and Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other obligations relating to an Award Payment. 
 
 The Company shall also be entitled to withhold from an Award Payment any amounts owed by a Participant to the Company. Participants will only receive the net amount remaining after all applicable taxes, withholdings and deductions have been collected. 
 
 9.7 Amendment or Termination of the Plan . The Board or the Committee, may amend, alter, cancel, suspend, modify or terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, at any time and for any reason. 
 
 9.8 Unfunded Status . Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a 

fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant, beneficiary or legal representative or any other person. To the extent that a person acquires a right to receive payments under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general funds of the Company and no special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such amounts except as expressly set forth in the Plan. The Plan is not intended to be subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA). 
 
 1.1 Governing Law, Jurisdiction, Venue . The laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of the Plan regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. The parties agree that any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Plan shall be brought to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of Arlington County (Virginia) or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia (Alexandria Division). The parties irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection a party may have to the laying of venue for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court. THE PARTIES ALSO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY HAVE OR MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. If any one or more provisions of the Plan shall for any reason be held invalid or unenforceable, it is the specific intent of the parties that such provisions shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it or its application valid and enforceable. 
 
 1.2 Section 409A of the Code. It is intended that payments under the Plan qualify as short-term deferrals exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. In the event that any Award Payment does not qualify for treatment as an exempt short-term deferral, it is intended that such amount will be paid in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Board and the Committee will have full authority to give effect to the intent of the foregoing. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the Plan and a provision of any Target Award, the Plan will govern. 
 
 Without limiting the generality of this Section 9.10 , with respect to any Target Award made under the Plan that is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A 
 
 (a) any payment due upon a Participant s termination of employment will be paid only upon such Participant s separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A 
 
 (b) any payment to be made with respect to such Target Award in connection with the Participant s separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A (and any other payment that would be 

subject to the limitations in Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code) will be delayed until six (6) months after the Participant s separation from service (or earlier death) in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A 
 
 (c) if the Target Award includes a series of installment payments (within the meaning of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations), the Participant s right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment and 
 
 (d) for purposes of determining whether the Participant has experienced a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A, subsidiary will mean a corporation or other entity in a chain of corporations or other entities in which each corporation or other entity, starting with the Company, has a controlling interest in another corporation or other entity in the chain, ending with such corporation or 
 other entity. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term controlling interest has the same meaning as provided in Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(i) of the Treasury Regulations, provided that the language at least 20 percent is used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(i) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 
 1.3 Section Headings . The headings of the Plan have been inserted for convenience of reference only and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such headings, shall control. 
 
 1.4 Severability . In the event that any provision of the Plan shall be considered illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of the Plan, but shall be fully severable, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been contained therein. 
 
 1.5 Non-exclusive . Nothing in the Plan shall limit the authority of the Company, the Board or the Committee to adopt other compensation arrangements for any Participant. 
 
 1.6 Successors . Subject to Section 9.7 , all obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to Target Awards granted hereunder shall be binding upon any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 
 1.7 Effect on Other Benefits . Amounts paid or payable under the Plan may be taken into account in determining payments or benefits under any other compensation or benefit plan, but only to the extent provided for, or not explicitlyprohibited by, any governing plan documents. 

1.8 Non-Solicitation . During the term of Participant s employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of the Participant s employment, the Participant will not, directly or indirectly, either on Participant s own behalf or on behalf of any other individual or commercial enterprise (i) Solicit, induce or assist any third party in Soliciting or inducing any individual or entity who is then (or was at any time within the preceding twelve (12) months) an employee, consultant, independent contractor or agent of Company (collectively, Covered Employee to leave the employment of the Company or cease performing services for the Company (ii) hire or engage or assist any third party in hiring or engaging, any Covered Employee or (iii) Solicit, induce or assist any third party in Soliciting or inducing any other person or entity (including, without limitation, any third-party service provider or distributor) to terminate its relationship with the Company or otherwise interfere with such relationship. 
 
 This non-solicitation provision explicitly covers all forms of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to, communications by email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant message, and social media, including, but not limited to, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering into the Plan. However, it will not be deemed a violation of this 
 Section if the Participant merely updates the Participant s LinkedIn profile or connects with a Covered Employee on Facebook, LinkedIn, or other social media platform without engaging in any other substantive communication, by social media or otherwise, that is prohibited by this Section 9.16 . 
 
 1.9 Forfeiture for Violation of Restrictive Covenants . The issuance of an Award Payment and Participant s agreement to the Restrictive Covenants are intended to be mutually dependent promises and in the event Participant breaches or threatens to breach the Restrictive Covenants, then to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law (i) any Award Payment that has not yet been paid shall cease to be payable and (ii) any Award Payment that has been paid to Participant during the twelve (12) months prior to Participant s breach or threatened breach of the Restrictive Covenants shall be forfeited for no consideration. 
 
 1.10 Clawback . In the event of a restatement of the Company s financial results (other than a restatement caused by a change in applicable accounting rules or interpretations), the result of which is that an Award Payment paid pursuant to the Plan would have been a lower amount had it been calculated based on such restated results, the Committee shall review such Award Payment. If the Committee determines (i) the amount of any such Award Payment actually paid to a Participant would have been a lower amount had it been calculated based on such restated financial statements, and (ii) such restatement is the result of negligence, misconduct, deception, non-disclosure, policy violation or fraud by a Participant, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, require repayment of a portion or all of any Award Payment from any Participants knowledgeable of, responsible for, or contributing to, the 

negligence, misconduct, deception, non-disclosure, policy violation or fraud resulting in the restatement (such difference, the Excess Compensation ). If the Committee determines to seek repayment for the Excess Compensation, it shall issue a written demand for repayment from the Participant and, if the Participant does not within a reasonable period thereafter tender repayment in response to such demand, and the Committee determines the Participant is unlikely to do so, the Committee may authorize the Company to seek a court order against the Participant for such repayment. 
 
 The Company shall not be required to pay Participants any additional amounts in the event restated financial results would have otherwise resulted in a higher Award Payment. 
 
 The actions permitted to be taken under this Section 9.18 are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any and all other rights of the Board, the Committee and or the Company under applicable law and shall apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan. 
 
 1.11 Shortened Statute of Limitations . Each Participant agrees to shorten the applicable statute of limitations and agrees that no claims or causes of actions may be brought against the Company or any its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any of their directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, agents or representatives based upon, directly or indirectly, any claim that arises under the Plan more than twelve (12) months after the date of the action that is the subject of the claim or lawsuit. Each Participant agrees to waive any statute of limitations to the contrary. 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 exhibit1013_drs-executives.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN 
 
 The Company hereby adopts, as of the Effective Date (as defined below), the Leonardo DRS, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Plan for the benefit of certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, on the terms and conditions stated herein. The Plan replaces the Company s existing amended and restated change in control plan, dated as of September 12, 2016. All capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 1 hereof. The Plan is intended to help retain select employees, maintain a stable work environment, and provide economic security to certain key employees of the Company in the event of a Qualifying Non- CIC Termination or a Qualifying CIC Termination (each, as defined below). The Plan, as a severance pay arrangement within the meaning of section 3(2)(B)(i) of ERISA, is intended to 
 be excepted from the definitions of employee pension benefit plan and pension plan set forth under section 3(2) of ERISA and is intended to meet the descriptive requirements of a plan constituting a severance pay plan within the meaning of regulations published by the Secretary of Labor at Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations 2510.3-2(b). 
 
 1. DEFINITIONS . As used herein 
 
 1.1 Auditor means the Company s independent registered public accounting firm or 
 other valuation expert as determined by the Company. 
 
 1.2 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 
 
 1.3 Cause means (a) with respect to an Eligible Employee employed pursuant to a written employment agreement which agreement includes a definition of Cause, Cause as defined in that agreement or (b) with respect to any other Eligible Employee, the occurrence of any of the following (i) Eligible Employee s repeated or continued failure to perform his or her duties to the Company s satisfaction (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), as determined in the Company s sole discretion (ii) Eligible Employee s engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct or misconduct (iii) Eligible Employee s embezzlement, misappropriation or fraud, whether or not related to Eligible Employee s employment with the Company (iv) Eligible Employee s conviction of, or plea 
 of guilty or nolo contendere to, a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or (v) Eligible Employee s 
 violation of the Company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct or any other policies referenced therein, as amended from time to time, as determined in the Company s sole discretion. 
 
 1.4 Change in Control means, the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 (a) during any period of 12 months, individuals who constitute the Board as of the Effective Date (the Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the beginning of such period, whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two- thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without written objection to such nomination) will be an Incumbent Director provided , however , that no individual initially elected or nominated as a Director of the Company as a result of an actual or publicly threatened election contest with respect to Directors or as a result 
 -1- 

of any other actual or publicly threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any person other than the Board will be deemed to be an Incumbent Director provided , further , that this Section 1.4(a) shall not be in effect until there are no Leonardo S.p.A Proxy Holders (as defined in the Proxy Agreement (as such agreement may be as amended, restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time, the Proxy Agreement by and between the Company, the Proxy Holders, the Stockholder, Leonardo Societa per azioni and the United States Department of Defense) on the Board 
 
 (b) any person (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then- outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of the Board Company Voting Securities provided , however , that the event described in this paragraph (b) will not be deemed to be a Change in Control by virtue of the ownership, or acquisition, of Company Voting Securities (A) by the Company, (B) by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company, (C) by any underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (D) pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined in paragraph (c) of this definition) or (E) by Leonardo S.p.A or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries 
 
 (c) the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company that requires the approval of the Company s stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a Business Combination ), excluding such a Business Combination with Leonardo S.p.A or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries, unless immediately following such Business Combination (A) more than 60 of the total voting power of (x) the entity resulting from such Business Combination (the Surviving Entity ), or (y) if applicable, the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of at least 95 of the voting power, is represented by Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of such Company Voting Securities among the holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination, (B) no person (other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Entity or the parent), becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 30 or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the parent (or, if there is no parent, the Surviving Entity) and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the parent (or, if there is no parent, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Business Combination were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination (any Business Combination which satisfies all of the criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) of this paragraph (c) will be deemed to be a Non-Qualifying Transaction or 
 
 (d) the consummation of a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets (other than to Leonardo S.p.A or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries or an affiliate of the Company) or 
 
 (e) the Company s stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation or 
 dissolution of the Company. 
 
 -2- 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur solely because any person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 30 of the Company Voting Securities as a result of the acquisition of Company Voting Securities by the Company which reduces the number of Company Voting Securities outstanding provided that if after such acquisition by the Company such person (other than Leonardo S.p.A or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries) becomes the beneficial owner of additional Company Voting Securities that increases the percentage of outstanding Company Voting Securities beneficially owned by such person, a Change in Control will then occur. For the avoidance of doubt, a completion of (i) an offering of the Company s equity securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (ii) a direct listing of such securities on a national securities exchange and or (iii) an exchange of 50 or more of the shares of common stock of the Company then outstanding for publicly traded equity securities of an entity or person not affiliated with the Company, will not constitute a Change in Control. 
 
 1.5 CIC Severed Employee is an Eligible Employee who incurs a Qualifying CIC 
 Termination. 
 
 1.6 Client means, in the twenty-four (24) month period prior to Eligible Employee s termination of employment, any client or prospective client of the Company to whom Eligible Employee provided services, or for whom Eligible Employee transacted business, or whose identity became known to Eligible Employee in connection with Eligible Employee s relationship with or employment by the Company with which the Company wanted or intended to do business. 
 
 1.7 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from 
 time to time. 
 
 1.8 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, as constituted 
 from time to time. 
 
 1.9 Company means Leonardo DRS, Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries) or any successors thereto. 
 
 1.10 Company Property means any and all documents, computer and computer- related hardware and software items, disks, telephones, customer and prospect lists, marketing, planning, financial and business strategy materials and all other materials or other things in your possession, custody or control that were produced by, received by or otherwise submitted to you by anyone during your employment by the Company relating to the Company s business or a customer of the Company or that otherwise are the property of the Company. 
 
 1.11 Competitive Enterprise means any business enterprise that engages in any 
 activity that competes anywhere with any activity in which the Company is engaged. 
 
 1.12 Confidential Information means all non-public information of the Company s business and its customers and affiliates of such customers, including but not limited to, the pendency or contemplation of certain transactions, the identity of the Company s customers, the kinds of services provided by the Company to customers and offered to be performed for potential customers, computer software applications and other programs, personnel information, and other trade secrets. Confidential Information does not include information which (i) is or becomes available to the public generally (other than as a result of the Eligible Employee s disclosure) or (ii) becomes available to the Eligible Employee on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company. 
 
 -3- 

1.13 Disability means, unless otherwise defined in an employment agreement between the Eligible Employee and the Company, an Eligible Employee s inability to perform the duties of his or her employment on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, as determined by the Committee. 
 
 1.14 Effective Date means May 27, 2021, as amended and restated as of October 10, 2022. 
 
 1.15 Eligible Employee means any Level 1 Employee or Level 2 Employee, as designated by the Plan Administrator from time to time provided such Level 1 Employee or Level 2 Employee has signed an acknowledgement of the terms and conditions of the Plan including, without limitation, the Restrictive Covenants contained in Section 5 hereof. 
 
 1.16 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as it 
 may be amended from time to time. 
 
 1.17 Excise Tax means any excise tax imposed under section 4999 of the Code. 
 
 1.18 Good Reason means, following a Change in Control, (a) with respect to an Eligible Employee employed pursuant to a written employment agreement which agreement includes a definition of Good Reason, Good Reason as defined in that agreement or (b) with respect to any other Eligible Employee, the occurrence of any of the following in the absence of the Eligible Employee s written consent (i) a material diminution in the Eligible Employee s authority, duties, or responsibilities (other than temporarily while the Eligible Employee is physical or mentally incapacitated or as required by law), (ii) a material diminution in the Eligible Employee s base salary (iii) the relocation of the Eligible Employee s principal place of employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the Eligible Employee s existing principal place of employment, which constitutes a material adverse change in the geographic location with respect to such Eligible Employee or (iv) the Company s material breach of any 
 employment agreement to which the Company and the Eligible Employee are party at the time of such breach provided that in any case such event is not cured by the Company (if susceptible to cure by the Company) within thirty (30) days after the Company has received written notice 
 from the affected Eligible Employee within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the event or condition constituting Good Reason specifying the particular events or conditions which constitute Good Reason. 
 
 1.19 Level 1 Employee shall mean each individual designated by the Plan Administrator from time to time as a Level 1 Employee. 
 
 1.20 Level 2 Employee shall mean each individual designated by the Plan Administrator from time to time as a Level 2 Employee. 
 
 1.21 Non-CIC Severed Employee is an Eligible Employee who incurs a Qualifying 
 Non-CIC Termination. 
 
 1.22 Plan means this Leonardo DRS, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, as set forth 
 herein, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 1.23 Plan Administrator means the Committee or its designee. 
 
 1.24 Pro Rata Bonus shall mean an amount equal to the Eligible Employee s target 
 annual cash bonus for the fiscal year in which the Severance Date occurs, pro-rated for the 
 -4- 

period of the Eligible Employee s employment with the Company during the fiscal year in which the Severance Date occurs. 
 
 1.25 Qualifying Termination means a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination or a 
 Qualifying CIC Termination. 
 
 1.26 Qualifying CIC Termination means the termination of an Eligible Employee s employment with the Company on or within two (2) years following the date of a Change in Control (i) by the Company or its successor other than for Cause or (ii) by the Eligible Employee for Good Reason provided that a Qualifying CIC Termination shall occur only if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of section 
 409A of the Code and the applicable regulations issued thereunder Section 409A ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Eligible Employee will not be considered to have incurred a Qualifying CIC Termination (a) if his or her employment is discontinued by reason of the Eligible Employee s death or Disability (other than in each case with respect to payments pursuant to Section 2.3 and Section 2. 4 hereof as set forth herein) or (b) by reason of the divestiture of a facility or other assets of the Company, sale of a business or business unit, or the outsourcing of a business activity with which the Eligible Employee is affiliated if the Eligible Employee is offered comparable employment by the successor company and the successor company assumes the Company s responsibilities under the Plan with respect to such Eligible Employee. 
 
 1.27 Qualifying Non-CIC Termination means the termination of an Eligible Employee s employment with the Company, that is not a Qualifying CIC Termination, by the Company or its successor other than for Cause provided that a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination shall occur only if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service 
 within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Eligible Employee will not be considered to have incurred a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination (a) if his or her employment is discontinued by reason of the Eligible Employee s death or Disability (other than in each case with respect to payments pursuant to Section 2.3 and Section 2.4 hereof as set forth herein) or (b) by 
 reason of the divestiture of a facility or other assets of the Company, sale of a business or business unit, or the outsourcing of a business activity with which the Eligible Employee is affiliated if the Eligible Employee is offered comparable employment by the successor company and the successor company assumes the Company s responsibilities under the Plan with respect to such Eligible Employee. 
 
 1.28 Restrictive Covenants means the restrictions set forth in Section 5 and, if Eligible Employee is a party to, or participant in, an employment agreement, severance agreement or other agreement or plan with the Company, which agreement sets forth provisions regarding Confidential Information, non-solicitation or non-competition, the provisions set forth in such employment agreement, severance agreement or other agreement or plan. 
 
 1.29 Restricted Period means twelve (12) months immediately following the 
 Severance Date. 
 
 1.30 Severance Date means a date on which an Eligible Employee incurs a 
 Qualifying Termination. 
 
 1.31 Severance Multiplier means (i) in the event of a Qualifying CIC Termination 
 (a) with respect to each Level 1 Employee, 2.5, and (b) with respect to each Level 2 Employee, 2. 
 
 1.32 Severance Pay means the payments determined pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof. 
 -5- 

1.33 Severance Period means (i) in the event of a Qualifying CIC Termination, (a) with respect to each Level 1 Employee, the shorter of (x) thirty (30) months immediately following the Severance Date and (y) the period ending on the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Severance Date occurs and (b) with respect to 
 each Level 2 Employee, twenty-four (24) months immediately following the Severance Date, and 
 (ii) in the event of a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination (a) with respect to each Level 1 
 Employee, eighteen (18) months immediately following the Severance Date and (b) with respect to each Level 2 Employee, twelve (12) months immediately following the Severance Date. 
 
 1.34 Severed Employee is a CIC Severed Employee or a Non-CIC Severed 
 Employee. 
 
 1.35 Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind, regardless of who initiates it, that in any way invites, advises, encourages, or requests any person to take or refrain from taking any action. 
 
 1.36 Specified Employee means any Eligible Employee described in section 
 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. 
 
 1.37 Tax Counsel means tax counsel selected by the Company (which Tax Counsel may be the Company s general counsel or tax advisors). 
 
 1.38 Total Payments means all payments or benefits received in connection with a Change in Control or the termination of the Severed Employee s employment, whether pursuant to the terms of the Plan or any other plan, arrangement, or agreement. 
 
 1.39 Unpaid Prior Year Bonus shall be any unpaid cash incentive compensation bonus earned by the Eligible Employee for the last full fiscal year prior to the Severance Date (disregarding, for purposes of this definition in this Plan only, any active employment eligibility requirement for receipt of any incentive compensation bonus). 
 
 2. BENEFITS . 
 
 2.1 Severance Entitlement. 
 
 (a) For purposes of this Section 2.1 , annual base salary shall be the Severed Employee s annual base salary (excluding bonuses, commissions, premium pay, and similar compensation) as of immediately prior to the Qualifying Termination (without regard to any reduction therein which constitutes Good Reason). 
 
 (b) Each CIC Severed Employee shall be entitled, subject to Section 2.7 hereof, to receive Severance Pay in an amount equal to the sum of (i) his or her annual base salary and ICP target award under the Company s Incentive Compensation Plan ICP for the fiscal year in which the Severance Date occurs, multiplied by the applicable Severance Multiplier (ii) his or her Unpaid Prior Year Bonus, if any and (iii) the Pro Rata Bonus. 
 
 (c) Subject to Section 7.2 , Severance Pay under Section 2.1(b) shall be paid to an eligible Severed Employee in a cash lump sum, within three (3) days following the date on which a written release (the Release has been executed by the Severed Employee and is no longer capable of being revoked (the Release Effective Date ), provided that if the period between the Severance Date and the latest possible Release Effective Date spans two calendar years, the Severance Pay shall be paid in the second calendar year. 
 -6- 

(d) Each Non-CIC Severed Employee shall be entitled, subject to Section 2.7 hereof, to receive Severance Pay in an amount equal to the sum of (i)(A) for any Level 1 
 Employee, 18 months of his or her annual base salary and (B) for any Level 2 Employee, 12 months of his or her annual base salary (ii) his or her Unpaid Prior Year Bonus, if any and (iii) the Pro Rata Bonus. 
 
 (e) Subject to Section 7.2 , Severance Pay under Section 2.1(d) shall be paid to an eligible Severed Employee over the Severance Period in equal installments, commencing after the Release Effective Date, provided that if the period between the Severance Date and the latest possible Release Effective Date spans two calendar years, the Severance Pay shall commence in the second calendar year, in accordance with the Company s bi-weekly payroll practices. 
 
 2.2 Subject to Section 2.7 and Section 7.2 hereof, provided the Severed Employee elects to receive continued medical and or dental coverage under one or more of the Company s group healthcare plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 
 1985, as amended COBRA ), (x) the Company shall reimburse the Severed Employee monthly for an amount, at no greater after tax cost to the Severed Employee than the after tax cost to the Severed Employee as of immediately prior to the Severance Date (or, if more favorable to the Severed Employee, as of immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason), equal to the monthly COBRA premiums for the Severed Employee and the Severed Employee s covered dependents under such plans (the Benefit Reimbursement Payments ), and (y) the Company shall pay the Severed Employee an additional monthly amount equal to the Company s cost as of immediately prior to the Severance Date (or, if more favorable to the Severed Employee, as of immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason) of the Severed Employee s coverage under the Company s disability, accident and life insurance for the Severed Employee and the Severed Employee s covered dependents (the Insurance Benefit Payments , and together with the 
 Benefit Reimbursement Payments, the Benefit Payments ), in each case of clause (x) and (y) during the period commencing on the Severance Date and ending upon the earlier of (A) the last day of the Severed Employee s Severance Period, and (B) the date the Severed Employee becomes eligible to receive healthcare coverage or other insurance coverage, as applicable, from a subsequent employer (the Benefit Continuation Period ). The Severed Employee will promptly notify the Company in writing of such subsequent employment. The Benefit Payments shall be paid to the Severed Employee in equal installments on a monthly basis during the applicable Benefit Continuation Period no later than the date of each month that the COBRA premiums are due to the insurance carrier or COBRA administrator (as applicable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company s provision of benefits under this Section 2.2 would violate the nondiscrimination rules under applicable law or result in the imposition of penalties under applicable law, the Company shall reform this Section 2.2 in a manner as is necessary to comply with applicable law, without reduction in the value of benefits. 
 
 2.3 LTIP Award Payments. 
 
 (a) In the event of a Qualifying CIC Termination, subject to Section 2.7 and Section 7.2 , any awards granted to a CIC Severed Employee under the Company s Long Term Incentive Plan (as in effect and amended from time to time, the LTIP ), including any equity-based award granted under any omnibus equity compensation plan adopted by the Company from time to time (as in effect and amended from time to time, the Omnibus Plan in connection with any LTIP Award shall be deemed to be immediately vested and payable (in cash or shares of common stock of the Company, as applicable) to the CIC Severed Employee, notwithstanding any provision of the LTIP or Omnibus Plan to the contrary (each such vested and payable LTIP Award amount, the CIC LTIP Amount ), with any applicable performance 
 -7- 

conditions deemed achieved at target performance. Any payments under this Section 2.3(a) shall be paid at the same time as the Severance Pay, subject to Section 7.2 and the final sentence of this Section 2.3(a) provided that if the period between the Severance Date and the latest possible Release Effective Date spans two calendar years, the CIC LTIP Amount shall be paid in the second calendar year. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Section 2.3(a) to the contrary, if prior to a Change in Control, a CIC Severed Employee has a legally binding right within the meaning of Section 409A to a Pro-rated Award Payment under the LTIP, the portion of the CIC LTIP Amount equal to the Pro-rated Award Payment shall, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, be paid at such time or times as set forth in the LTIP provided that, in no event shall the aggregate amount paid to such CIC Severed Employee under the LTIP and this Section 2.3(a) be less than the amount payable in respect of the LTIP awards under this 
 Section 2.3(a) . 
 
 (b) In the event of a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination, subject to Section 2.7 and Section 7.2 , any awards granted to a Non-CIC Severed Employee under the LTIP shall be deemed to be treated in accordance with Section 8 of the LTIP (such amounts payable, the LTIP Amount ). 
 
 2.4 Omnibus Plan Awards. 
 
 (a) In the event of a Qualifying CIC Termination, subject to Section 2.7 and Section 7.2 , any awards granted to a CIC Severed Employee under the Omnibus Plan shall be deemed to be immediately vested, with any applicable performance conditions deemed achieved at target performance. Any shares of common stock of the Company that are deliverable pursuant to awards under the Omnibus Plan under this Section 2.4 shall be delivered at the same time as the Severance Pay, subject to Section 7.2 provided that if the period between the Severance Date and the latest possible Release Effective Date spans two calendar years, any shares of common stock of the Company deliverable under the Omnibus Plan shall be paid in the second calendar year. 
 
 (b) In the event of a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination, subject to Section 2.7 and Section 7.2 , any awards granted to a Non-CIC Severed Employee under the Omnibus Plan shall be treated in accordance with the terms of such Omnibus Plan (or any successor plan) and the award agreements thereunder. 
 
 2.5 In the event of a claim by a Severed Employee as to the amount or timing of any payment or benefit, such Severed Employee shall present the reason for his or her claim in writing to the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall, within sixty (60) days after receipt of such written claim, send a written notification to the Severed Employee as to its disposition. In the event the claim is wholly or partially denied, such written notification shall (i) state the specific reason or reasons for the denial, (ii) make specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based, (iii) provide a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Severed Employee to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, and (iv) set forth the procedure by which the Severed Employee may appeal the denial of the claim. In the event a Severed Employee wishes to appeal the denial of his or her claim, the Eligible Employee may request a review of such denial by making application in writing to the Plan Administrator within sixty (60) days after receipt of the initial denial. Such Severed Employee (or his or her duly authorized legal representative) may, upon written request to the Plan Administrator, (a) review any documents pertinent to his claim, (b) review any Plan documents relevant to his claim and (c) submit in writing issues and comments in support of his position. Within sixty (60) days after receipt of a written appeal (unless special circumstances, such as the need to hold a hearing, require an extension of time, but in no event more than one hundred twenty (120) days after such receipt and provided that the 
 -8- 

Plan Administrator notifies the claimant of the delay), the Plan Administrator shall provide a written ruling to the Severed Employee of the final decision. The final decision shall be in 
 writing and shall include specific reasons for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the decision is based. If the Plan Administrator does not provide the Severed Employee with written notice within sixty (60) days after receipt of the request for review, the Severed Employee s claim will be deemed denied. 
 
 2.6 Regardless of whether employment terminates due to a Qualifying CIC Termination or a Qualifying Non-CIC Termination, no Severed Employee shall be eligible to receive Severance Pay or other benefits under the Plan unless he or she (i) first executes a Release following such Severed Employee s Severance Date and such Release becomes effective and has not been revoked by the Severed Employee by the Release Effective Date and (ii) complies with the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 5 hereof. 
 
 2.7 The Company shall be entitled to withhold from amounts to be paid to the Severed Employee hereunder any federal, state, or local withholding or other taxes which it is from time to time required by law to withhold. 
 
 2.8 The Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment made under the Plan will be treated as a separate payment. In no event may the Severed Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if necessary to comply with the restriction in Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code concerning payments to Specified Employees, any payment on account of such Severed Employee s separation from service that would otherwise be due hereunder within six months after such separation will nonetheless be delayed until the first business day of the seventh month following Severed Employee s Severance Date and the first such payment will include the cumulative amount of any payments that would have been paid prior to such date if not for such restriction, together with interest on such cumulative amount during the period of such restriction at a rate, per annum, equal to the applicable federal short-term rate (compounded monthly) in effect under Section 1274(d) of the Code on the Severance Date. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Severed Employee will not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of Section 2.1 hereof unless he would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. Any tax liability incurred by a Severed Employee under Section 409A of the Code will be solely the responsibility of the Severed Employee. 
 
 3. EXCISE TAXES . 
 
 3.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, in the event that any portion or all of the Total Payments received or to be received by a Severed Employee would be subject (in whole or part), to the Excise Tax, then, after taking into account any reduction in the Total Payments provided in such other plan, arrangement or agreement due to the applicability of section 280G of the Code, the Severance Pay shall first be reduced, and the other benefits under the Plan shall thereafter be reduced, to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax, but only if (A) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (B) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of 
 -9- 

Excise Tax to which the Severed Employee would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments). 
 
 3.2 For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, no portion of such Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess 
 of the Base Amount (as defined in section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, and (ii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. 
 
 4. PLAN ADMINISTRATION . 
 
 4.1 The Plan shall be interpreted, administered, and operated by the Plan Administrator, who shall have complete authority, in its sole discretion subject to the express provisions of the Plan, to interpret the Plan, to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to it, to designate Eligible Employees and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. 
 
 4.2 All questions of any character whatsoever arising in connection with the interpretation of the Plan, or its administration or operation shall be submitted to and settled and determined by the Plan Administrator in an equitable and fair manner in accordance with the procedure for claims and appeals described in Section 2.5 hereof. Any such settlement and determination shall be final and conclusive and shall bind and may be relied upon by the Company, each of the Severed Employees and all other parties in interest. 
 
 4.3 The Plan Administrator may delegate any of its duties hereunder to such person or persons from time to time as it may designate. 
 
 4.4 The Plan Administrator is empowered, on behalf of the Plan, to engage accountants, legal counsel (which may be the Company s General Counsel or designee) and such other personnel as it deems necessary or advisable to assist it in the performance of its duties under the Plan. The functions of any such persons engaged by the Plan Administrator shall be limited to the specified services and duties for which they are engaged, and such persons shall have no other duties, obligations, or responsibilities under the Plan. Such persons shall exercise no discretionary authority or discretionary control respecting the management of the Plan. All reasonable expenses thereof shall be borne by the Company. 
 
 5. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS . 
 
 5.1 Eligible Employee acknowledges that, to assist Eligible Employee in the performance of Eligible Employee s duties, the Company agrees to provide, shall provide and has provided Eligible Employee with Confidential Information and materials. Due to the sensitive nature of this Confidential Information, Eligible Employee acknowledges that the Company has legitimate business and competitive interests and legal rights to require non- disclosure of the Confidential Information to other companies and or individuals and to require that the Confidential Information be used only for the benefit of the Company. Therefore, in 
 -10- 

order to protect the Company s Confidential Information and the Company s business goodwill and competitive position, and in exchange for the Company providing Eligible Employee the 
 consideration set forth herein, and in order to protect the value of the equity-based compensation provided to Eligible Employee in the Plan, Eligible Employee agrees 
 
 (a) At any time during the term of Eligible Employee s service to the Company and thereafter for so long as such Confidential Information remains confidential, Eligible Employee will not use, disclose or allow to be disclosed to any person, firm, or corporation, the Company s Confidential Information, unless previously authorized by the Company for use in the pursuit of Company business. The obligations under this Section 5.1(a) will not terminate if Confidential Information ceases to be confidential by reason of the Eligible Employee s wrongful disclosure. 
 
 (b) During the term of Eligible Employee s service to the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following the Eligible Employee s termination of employment, the Eligible Employee will not, directly or indirectly, either on Eligible Employee s own behalf or 
 on behalf of any other individual or commercial enterprise (i) Solicit, induce, or assist any third party in Soliciting or inducing any individual or entity who is then (or was at any time within the preceding twelve (12) months) an employee, consultant, independent contractor, or agent of Company (collectively, Covered Employee to leave the employment of the Company or cease performing services for the Company (ii) hire or engage any Covered Employee or (iii) Solicit, induce, or assist any third party in Soliciting or inducing any other person or entity (including, without limitation, any third-party service provider or distributor) to terminate its relationship with the Company or otherwise interfere with such relationship. This non- solicitation provision explicitly covers all forms of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to, communications by email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant message, and social media, including, but not limited to, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering into the Plan. However, it will not be deemed a violation of this section if Eligible Employee merely updates Eligible Employee s LinkedIn profile or connects with a Covered Employee on Facebook, LinkedIn, or other social media platform without engaging in any other substantive communication, by social media or otherwise, that is prohibited by this Section. 
 
 (c) During the term of Eligible Employee s service to the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following Eligible Employee s termination of employment, the Eligible Employee will not, directly or indirectly, either on Eligible Employee s own behalf or 
 on behalf of any other individual or commercial enterprise (i) Solicit any Client to transact business with a Competitive Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Company (ii) transact business with any Client that would cause you to be a Competitive Enterprise or (iii) interfere with or damage any relationship between the Company and a Client. 
 
 (d) The grant of the Severance Pay provided herein and Eligible Employee s agreement to the Restrictive Covenants are intended to be mutually dependent promises and, in the event Eligible Employee breaches or threatens to breach the Restrictive Covenants, then to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law (i) Severance Pay that has not yet been paid shall cease to be payable and (ii) any Severance Pay that has been paid to Eligible Employee during 
 the twelve (12) months prior to Eligible Employee s breach or threatened breach of the Restrictive Covenants shall be repaid to the Company for no consideration. 
 
 5.2 Immediately upon the Eligible Employee s termination of employment for any reason, or upon Company s request at any other time, Eligible Employee will deliver to Company all Company Property. Following Eligible Employee s termination of employment, Eligible Employee shall not retain, copy, or remove (either physically or electronically) any 
 -11- 

Company Property from Company premises, computers, or other electronic equipment or storage devices. 
 
 5.3 By participating in the Plan, each Eligible Employee agrees and acknowledges that Eligible Employee has carefully read and considered the Restrictive Covenants, and, having done so, agrees and acknowledges that the Restrictive Covenants limit Eligible Employee s ability to engage in competition during the period provided for above. Eligible Employee expressly warrants and represents that these restrictions with respect to time and scope of activity are reasonable and necessary to protect the Confidential Information and the Company s 
 business goodwill and competitive position. 
 
 6. PLAN MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION . 
 
 The Plan may be amended or terminated by the Board at any time provided , however , that except as required by law, the Plan may not be amended or terminated in anticipation of a Change of Control or within two (2) years immediately following a Change in Control in a manner that would adversely affect the rights of Eligible Employees under the Plan without the express written consent of each Eligible Employee so affected. Following an Eligible Employee s Qualifying Termination, no Plan termination or amendment shall adversely affect the rights of such Severed Employee under the Plan without such Severed Employee s written consent. 
 
 7. GENERAL PROVISIONS . 
 
 7.1 Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, no right or interest of any Eligible Employee under the Plan shall be assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, either directly or by operation of law or otherwise, including without limitation, by execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or in any manner no attempted assignment or transfer thereof shall be effective and no right or interest of any Eligible Employee under the Plan shall be subject to any obligation or liability of such Eligible Employee. When a payment is due under the Plan to a Severed Employee who is unable to care for his affairs, payment may be made directly to his 
 legal guardian or personal representative. 
 
 7.2 If the Company is obligated by law or by contract (including an outstanding executive employment agreement) to pay severance pay, a termination indemnity, notice pay, or the like, or if the Company is obligated by law to provide advance notice of separation, then any Severance Pay paid to a Severed Employee hereunder shall be reduced by the amount of any such severance pay, termination indemnity, notice pay or the like, as applicable, and by the amount of any salary received by the Severed Employee after the Company provided notice of separation according to Section 7.4 hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, a Severed Employee who is party to an executive employment agreement shall (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in such employment agreement) receive the greater of (i) any amounts payable hereunder or (ii) any amounts payable under such employment agreement arising from termination. If an Eligible Employee is party to an employment agreement with the Company, with regard to any amounts payable under such employment agreement upon a termination of employment, notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan to the contrary, the time and form of payment provided under the employment agreement shall apply instead of the time and form of payment under the Plan to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A. 
 
 7.3 Total Payments paid under the Plan will be subject to any clawback or recapture policy that the Company may adopt from time to time to the extent provided in such policy and, in accordance with such policy, may be subject to the requirement that the Total Payments be repaid to the Company after they have been distributed to an Eligible Employee. 
 -12- 

7.4 All notices or other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when delivered personally, (b) upon confirmation of receipt when such notice or other communication is sent by facsimile or electronic mail, (c) one day 
 after timely delivery to an overnight delivery courier, or (d) on the fifth day following the date of deposit in the United States mail if sent first class, postage prepaid, by registered or certified 
 mail. The address for the Company shall be as follows Leonardo DRS, Inc., 2345 Crystal Drive, Suite 1000, Arlington, Virginia 22202. The address for each Eligible Employee shall be the address on file with the Company. 
 
 7.5 Neither the establishment of the Plan, nor any modification thereof, nor the creation of any fund, trust, or account, nor the payment of any benefits shall be construed as giving any Eligible Employee, or any person whomsoever, the right to be retained in the service of the Company, and all Eligible Employees shall remain subject to discharge to the same extent as if the Plan had never been adopted. 
 
 7.6 If any provision of the Plan shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions herein, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provisions had not been included. 
 
 7.7 The Plan shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the parties, including each Eligible Employee, present and future, and any successor to the Company. In the case of any transaction in which the Company s successor would not by operation of law be bound by the Plan, the Company shall require such successor to the Company to expressly and unconditionally assume the Plan in writing and honor the obligations of the Company hereunder, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place. 
 
 7.8 The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only, shall not be considered part of the Plan, and shall not be employed in the construction of the Plan. Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine gender, they shall be construed as though they were also used in the feminine gender in all cases where they would so apply, and, whenever any words are used herein in the singular form, they shall be construed as though they were also used in the plural form in all cases where they would so apply. 
 
 7.9 The Plan shall not be funded. No Eligible Employee shall have any right to, or interest in, any assets of any Company which may be applied by the Company to the payment of benefits or other rights under the Plan. 
 
 7.10 The laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement, and performance of the terms of the Plan regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. The parties agree that any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Plan shall be brought to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of Arlington County (Virginia) or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia (Alexandria Division). The parties irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection a party may have to the laying of venue for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court. THE PARTIES ALSO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY HAVE OR MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. If any one or more provisions of the Plan shall for any 
 reason be held invalid or unenforceable, it is the specific intent of the parties that such provisions shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it or its application valid and enforceable. 
 
 -13- 

7.11 Each Eligible Employee agrees to shorten the applicable statute of limitations and agrees that no claims or causes of actions may be brought against the Company or any its subsidiaries or affiliates or any of their directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, agents or representatives based upon, directly or indirectly, any claim that arises under the Plan more than twelve (12) months after the date of the action that is the subject of the claim or lawsuit. Each Eligible Employee agrees to waive any statute of limitations to the contrary. 
 -14- 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit21.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF LEONARDO DRS, INC. 
 Company Name State Country of Incorporation 3083683 Nova Scotia Limited Nova Scotia, Canada Daylight Defense, LLC CA Daylight Solutions, Inc. CA DRS Advanced ISR, LLC DE DRS Defense Solutions, LLC DE DRS Environmental Systems, Inc. DE DRS Homeland Security Solutions, Inc. DE DRS International, Inc. DE DRS Naval Power Systems, Inc. DE DRS Network & Imaging Systems, LLC DE DRS Signal Solutions, Inc. DE DRS Surveillance Support Systems, Inc. DE DRS Sustainment Systems, Inc. DE DRS Systems Management, LLC DE DRS Systems, Inc. DE DRS Technologies Canada, Inc. DE DRS Technologies Canada, Ltd. Ontario, Canada DRS Training & Control Systems, LLC FL DRS Unmanned Technologies, Inc. DE Engineered Coil Company MO Engineered Support Systems, Inc. MO ESSI Resources, LLC KY Laurel Technologies Partnership DE Oto Melara North America, LLC DE Pivotal Power Inc. Nova Scotia, Canada DRS RADA Technologies Ltd. Israel RADA Innovations LLC DE RADA Sensors Inc. DE RADA Technologies LLC DE 

RADA USA LLC DE Tech-Sym, LLC NV T-S Holding Corporation TX 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231_ey-consentofind.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-268575) pertaining to the 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan of Leonardo DRS, Inc. of our report dated March 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Leonardo DRS, Inc. in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 exhibit232_kpmgconsent-for.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-268575) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 28, 2022, except as to Notes 1A, 1U, 3, 9, 15, 18, and 20, as to which the date is August 2, 2022, and except as to Note 1R, as to which the date is March 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Leonardo DRS, Inc., which report appears in the December 31, 2022 annual report on Form 10-K of Leonardo DRS, Inc. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 McLean, Virginia 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311_2021xceocertifi.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, William J. Lynn III, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Leonardo DRS, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designated such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 28, 2023 
 
 s William J. Lynn III William J. Lynn III Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312_2021xcfocertifi.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael D. Dippold, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Leonardo DRS, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designated such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 28, 2023 

s Michael D. Dippold 
 
 Michael D. Dippold 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321_2021xceocertifi.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Leonardo DRS, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report, which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 28, 2023 
 
 s William J. Lynn III William J. Lynn III Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

This written statement accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit322_2021xcfocertifi.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as 
 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Leonardo DRS, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 1. The Report, which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 28, 2023 

s Michael D. Dippold 
 Michael D. Dippold Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

This written statement accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except 
 to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by 
 the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 drs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 drs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 drs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 drs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 drs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

