<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1704287_0001213900-23-021454.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5412894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189920</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1100455</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1121096</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1564244</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1314560</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-021454.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320170504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-021454
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001704287
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				473552922
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41031
		FILM NUMBER:		23747056

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE, SUITE 203
		CITY:			ACTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01720
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(978) 631-0152

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE, SUITE 203
		CITY:			ACTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01720

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-021454.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_bluejaydiag.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended ,

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation
or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, was approximately based on the closing price of 1.06 of the common
stock of the registrant as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on such date. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and
director and by each other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been excluded from this computation. The
determination of affiliate status for this purpose is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of February 28,
2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The registrant s definitive proxy statement
relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be filed within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated
by reference in Part III of the Form 10-K to the extent described therein. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 ii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 iii 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 26 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 26 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 26 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 26 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 26 

PART II 
 
 27 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 27 

ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 27 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 31 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 31 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 31 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 32 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 32 

PART III 
 
 33 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 33 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 33 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 33 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 33 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 33 

PART IV 
 
 34 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 3 4 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 35 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

We make forward-looking statements under the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ). In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might, 
 should, would, could, expect, plan, anticipate, intend, 
 believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, and the negative
of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends
in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are
important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results,
level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

While we believe we have identified material risks,
these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Form 10-K may describe additional factors that could adversely
impact our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks
and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact
of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Although we believe the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements.
Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements.
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking
statements after the date of this Form 10-K to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and we do not intend
to do so. 

We caution you not to place undue reliance on
the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K in the case of forward-looking statements contained
in this Form 10-K. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward looking-statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Therefore, you should not rely on any of the forward-looking statements. In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking statements,
we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING COMPANY REFERENCES 

In this Form 10-K, and unless the context otherwise
requires, the Company, we, us and our refer to Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary
Bluejay Spinco, LLC, taken as a whole. 

ii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

Our business is subject to a number of risks,
including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition,
liquidity, results of operations and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

We have incurred significant
losses since inception and may not be able to achieve significant revenues or profitability. 

We will require substantial
additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not so available, may require us to delay,
limit, reduce or cease our operations. 

We have received a notification
letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff that our common stock does not satisfy Nasdaq s 1.00 minimum price per share
rule and we could face delisting by Nasdaq if we are unable to regain compliance with this requirement, which could adversely affect
our ability to sell stock in the public markets, the liquidity of our common stock and our general ability to raise additional capita 

The License Agreement with Toray,
which covers the license of the core technology used in our Symphony platform and test cartridge product candidates, contains significant
risks that may threaten our viability or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us and our business, assets and its prospects. 

We cannot accurately predict
the volume or timing of any sales, making the timing of any revenues difficult to predict. 

If third-party payors do not
provide coverage and reimbursement for the use of our platform, our business and prospects may be negatively impacted. 

If we are not able to attract
and retain highly skilled managerial, scientific and technical personnel, we may not be able to implement our business model successfully. 

Significant raw material shortages,
supplier capacity constraints, supplier disruptions, and sourcing issues may adversely impact or limited our products sales and or impact
our product margins. 

The regulatory approval process
which we may be required to navigate may be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining clearance for
our planned products 

Product clearances and approvals
can often be denied or significantly delayed. 

Clinical data obtained in the
future may not meet the required objectives, which could delay, limit or prevent any regulatory approval. 

We may be unable to complete
required clinical evaluations, or we may experience significant delays in completing such clinical evaluations, which could prevent or
significantly delay our targeted product launch timeframe and impair our viability and business plan. 

We may be liable if the FDA
or another regulatory agency concludes that we have engaged in the off-label promotion of our products. 

We depend on intellectual property
licensed from Toray, and any dispute over the license would significantly harm our business. 

We face intense competition
in the diagnostic testing market, particularly in the IL-6 space, and as a result we may be unable to effectively compete in our industry. 

If we or Toray fail to respond
quickly to technological developments, our products may become uncompetitive and obsolete. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. Bluejay is a medical diagnostics company developing rapid tests using whole blood on our Symphony technology platform Symphony to improve patient outcomes in critical care settings. Our Symphony platform is a combination of Bluejay s intellectual property IP and exclusively licensed and patented IP that consists of a mobile device and single-use test cartridges that if cleared,
authorized, or approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), can provide a solution to a significant market
need in the United States. Clinical trials indicate the Symphony device produces laboratory-quality results in less than 20 minutes in
critical care settings, including Intensive Care Units ICUs and Emergency Rooms ERs ), where rapid and reliable
results are required. 

Our first product, the Symphony IL-6 test, is
for the monitoring of disease progression in critical care settings. IL-6 is a clinically established inflammatory biomarker, and is considered
a first-responder, for assessment of severity of infection and inflammation across many disease indications, including sepsis.
A current challenge of healthcare professionals is the excessive time and cost associated determining a patient s level of severity
at triage and our Symphony IL-6 test has the ability to consistently monitor this critical care biomarker with rapid results. 

In the future we plan to develop additional tests
for Symphony including two cardiac biomarkers (hsTNT and NT pro-BNP) as well as other tests using the Symphony platform. We do not yet
have regulatory clearance for our Symphony products, and our Symphony products will need to receive regulatory authorization from the
FDA in order to be marketed as a diagnostic product in the United States. 

Our operations to date have been funded primarily
through the proceeds of our initial public offering (the IPO on November 2021 (the IPO Date ). We were incorporated
under the laws of Delaware on March 20, 2015. Our headquarters is located in Acton, Massachusetts. 

Our Market 

The Symphony platform and our initial biomarker
test, Symphony IL-6 test, is well suited to address a subset of the global in vitro diagnostics devices IVDs market,
including sepsis, cardio-metabolic diseases, cancer and other diseases that require rapid tests. Symphony targets critical care markets
where physicians must quickly determine patient acuity to identify optimal treatment regimens. 

Our Business Model 

Our goal is to become the first provider of rapid
tests for infectious, inflammatory and metabolic diseases by leveraging the strengths of our Symphony platform. We intend to target our
sales and marketing of Symphony to the largest critical care facilities in the United States. Our business model includes the following: 

Attractive Financing Model .
We intend to offer various financing options for the device itself. As such, our business model should not require customers to incur
a significant capital outlay. 

Recurring Revenue . We
intend to sell single-use diagnostic test cartridges. Our cartridges will create a growing and recurring revenue stream, as adoption
and utilization increase, and as we develop tests for additional indications. We expect the sale of test cartridges to generate the majority
of our revenue and gross profit. 

Expand our Menu of Diagnostic
Products . As adoption increases, the average customer use of the Symphony platform should also increase. As we expand our test menu,
we will be able to increase our annual revenue per customer through the resulting increase in utilization. 

1 

The Symphony Platform 

The Symphony platform is an innovative and proprietary
technology platform that provides rapid and accurate measurements of key diagnostic biomarkers found in whole blood. Symphony is compact
and can be deployed mobile as compared to current laboratory diagnostic platforms. Symphony incorporates a user-friendly interface where
all sample preparation and reagents are integrated into disposable Symphony cartridges. Symphony only requires a few drops of blood to
provide a measurement in less than 20 minutes. 

The Symphony analyzer orchestrates whole blood
processing, biomarker isolation, and immunoassay preparation using non-contact centrifugal force. All necessary reagents and components
are integrated into the Symphony cartridges. Utilizing precision microchannel technology and high specificity antibodies, whole blood
is processed, and the biomarker is isolated within the Symphony cartridge. Intermitted centrifugation cycles enable complex fluid movements,
allowing sequential reagent additions and independent reaction steps inside the hermitically sealed Symphony cartridge. At the conclusion
of the test, the Symphony analyzer measures the fluorescence signature correlating to a highly sensitive quantitation of the biomarker. 

To perform a Symphony test, the test operator
adds three drops of blood to the Symphony cartridge. After scanning in the patient ID, the Symphony cartridge is inserted into the Symphony
analyzer and the test runs automatically. Each analyzer can run up to six cartridges simultaneously, either with six different patient
samples or six different tests, in less than 20 minutes, providing quantitative measurements used for improved patient management and
clinical decision-making. 

Manufacturing 

We plan to manufacture both our devices and cartridges
through Contract Manufacturing Organizations CMOs ). We have contracts with Toray Industries, Inc Toray to manufacture our cartridges and Sanyoseiko Co. Ltd Sanyoseiko to manufacture both our device and cartridges. Each of
our partners are well-established global manufacturing companies with capabilities to scale up, re-design and supply our devices and cartridges. 

Sanyoseiko had been selected as our CMO, though
in the near-term Toray will continue to develop, validate and manufacture our IL-6 cartridges as our pilot-manufacturing partner. We expect
to meet the demands of our global market. Both Toray s and Sanyoseiko s facilities are located in Japan. We license the technology
for the Symphony cartridges from Toray. Our license grants us exclusive global use with the exception of Japan. 

Regulatory Strategy 

Our current regulatory strategy is designed to
support commercialization of Symphony in the United States pending authorization from the FDA. The FDA has identified Symphony as a de
novo device, and we are subject to the de novo authorization regulatory pathway, which includes expansion of our clinical studies.
We have several clinical studies currently active, all designed to support our de novo FDA submission. We have targeted large,
well-known medical and academic institutions for our studies, which should also help support initial commercialization and market penetration.
This clinical trial expansion could also support additional indications. The expansion also could delay obtaining marketing authorization
for the product. 

Sales and Marketing 

Until Symphony products are authorized by the FDA, we will focus our
sales and marketing efforts on brand awareness and market education to potential customers, emphasizing the value of monitoring a critical
care patient s IL-6 levels to improve decision making and patient outcomes. If cleared or approved by the FDA, we will target sales
to ERs and ICUs at United States hospitals, as well as to long-term acute care facilities. We plan to establish a market presence by selling
Symphony devices and tests both directly and through various distribution channels to maximize sales volume and market penetration. 

2 

License Agreement 

On October 6, 2020, we entered into a License
and Supply Agreement, as amended, (the License Agreement with Toray, providing us with an exclusive global license with
Toray, excluding Japan, to use their patents and know-how related to the Symphony detection cartridges for the manufacturing, marketing
and sale of the products (as defined in the License Agreement). We also have a nonexclusive license for the same purposes in Japan. The
agreement terminates in 2029 upon expiration of the last of the patents included in the license. 

In connection with entering into the License Agreement,
we are required to pay a 15 royalty fee for the period that any underlying patents exist or for five years after the first sale for the
licensed technology after obtaining regulatory approval based on a percentage of our Net Sales of products using these technologies
(as defined in the license Agreement) with a minimum royalty of 60,000 for the initial year that royalties are payable increasing to
a minimum of 100,000 thereafter. 

Intellectual Property, Proprietary Technology 

We do not currently hold any patents directly.
We rely on a combination either directly or through the License Agreement with Toray of patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, confidentiality
agreements, and contractual protection to establish and protect our proprietary rights. 

Competition 

Our primary competition in the IL-6 market is laboratory size equipment
including the Roche Cobas , Siemens ADVIA Centaur and Beckman Coulter Access 2 , which require
pre-processing of whole blood prior to performing their test. We believe that our technology, which uses whole blood, provides us with
a substantial competitive advantage over our existing competition that will sustain through commercialization, despite the major life
science companies and consistent entry of innovative start-ups that define our competitive landscape. 

Government Regulation 

The design, development, manufacture, testing
and sale of our products are subject to regulation by numerous governmental authorities, principally the FDA, and corresponding state
and foreign regulatory agencies. 

FDA Regulation 

Medical Devices 

Generally, the products we develop must be cleared
by the FDA before they are marketed in the United States. Before and after approval, authorization, or clearance in the United States,
our products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, as well as by other regulatory bodies. FDA regulations govern, among other
things, the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, safety, storage, recordkeeping, market clearance, authorization or approval,
advertising and promotion, import and export, marketing and sales, and distribution of medical devices, including IVDs. IVDs are a type
of medical device and include reagents and instruments used in the diagnosis or detection of diseases, conditions or infections, including,
without limitation, the presence of certain chemicals or other biomarkers. Predictive, prognostic and screening tests can also be IVDs. 

3 

In the United States, medical devices are subject
to varying degrees of regulatory control and are classified in one of three classes depending on the extent of controls the FDA determines
are necessary to reasonably ensure their safety and effectiveness: 

Class I: general controls, such
as labeling and adherence to quality system regulations; 

Class II: special controls,
premarket notification (often referred to as a 510(k)), specific controls such as performance standards, patient registries, post-market
surveillance, additional controls such as labeling and adherence to quality system regulations; and 

Class III: special controls
and requires a premarket approval PMA ). 

FDA Premarket Clearance and Approval Requirements 

Unless an exemption applies, each medical device
commercially distributed in the United States requires either FDA clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification, approval of a de novo
application, or approval of a premarket approval (PMA). 

While most Class I devices are exempt from the 510(k) premarket
notification requirement, manufacturers of most Class II devices are required to submit to the FDA a premarket notification under
Section 510(k) of the FDCA requesting permission to commercially distribute the device. The FDA s permission to commercially
distribute a device subject to a 510(k) premarket notification is generally known as 510(k) clearance. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose
the greatest risks, such as life sustaining, life supporting or some implantable devices, or devices that have a new intended use, or
use advanced technology that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device, are placed in Class III, requiring
approval of a PMA. Some pre-amendment devices are unclassified, but are subject to FDA s premarket notification and clearance process
in order to be commercially distributed. Our initial product is a Class II device subject to 510(k) clearance. 

510(k) Clearance Marketing Pathway 

To obtain 510(k) clearance, a company must submit
to the FDA a premarket notification submission demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a predicate
device already on the market. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to PMA, i.e., a device that was legally
marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from
Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. The FDA s
510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to twelve months, but often takes longer. The FDA may require additional information,
including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. In addition, the FDA collects user fees for certain
medical device submissions and annual fees for medical device establishments. 

After a device receives 510(k) marketing clearance,
any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification
in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, PMA approval. The FDA requires each manufacturer
to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k) or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such
decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination, the FDA
can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA
approval is obtained. Also, in these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 

4 

De Novo Classification 

Devices of a new type that FDA has not previously
classified based on risk are automatically classified into Class III by operation of section 513(f)(1) of the FDCA, regardless of the
level of risk they pose. To avoid requiring PMA review of low- to moderate-risk devices classified in Class III by operation of law, Congress
enacted section 513(f)(2) of the FDCA. This provision allows FDA to classify a low- to moderate-risk device not previously classified
into Class I or II. After de novo authorization, an authorized device may be used as a predicate for future devices going through the
510(k) process. 

The FDA has classified Symphony as de novo, a
device of a new type that the FDA has not previously classified. Once obtained, a de novo authorization may lead to Symphony s use
as a predicate for future devices going through the 510(k) process. 

Clinical Trials 

Clinical trials are often required for a de novo
authorization. All clinical investigations of devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s
IDE regulations which govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational device, and specify an array of
recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant
risk, to human health, as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which
must become effective prior to commencing human clinical trials. A significant risk device is one that presents a potential for serious
risk to the health, safety or welfare of a patient and either is implanted, used in supporting or sustaining human life, substantially
important in diagnosing, curing, mitigating or treating disease or otherwise preventing impairment of human health, or otherwise presents
a potential for serious risk to a subject. An IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory test
results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE will automatically
become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless the FDA notifies the company that the investigation may not begin. If the FDA
determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IDE for which it requires modification, the FDA may permit a clinical
trial to proceed under a conditional approval. 

In addition, the study must be approved by, and
conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board (IRB) for each clinical site. The IRB is responsible for the initial and
continuing review of the IDE study and may pose additional requirements for the conduct of the study. If an IDE application is approved
by the FDA and one or more IRBs, human clinical trials may begin at a specific number of investigational sites with a specific number
of patients, as approved by the FDA. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the patient, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial
after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate approval from the FDA, but must still follow abbreviated IDE
requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping
requirements. Acceptance of an IDE application for review does not guarantee that the FDA will allow the IDE to become effective and,
if it does become effective, the FDA may or may not determine that the data derived from the trials support the safety and effectiveness
of the device or warrant the continuation of clinical trials. An IDE supplement must be submitted to, and approved by, the FDA before
a sponsor or investigator may make a change to the investigational plan that may affect its scientific soundness, study plan or the rights,
safety or welfare of human subjects. 

During a study, the sponsor is required to comply
with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting clinical investigators and providing them with
the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational
devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators in the clinical study are also subject to FDA
regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition
of the investigational device, and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements. Additionally, after a trial begins, we, the
FDA or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to study
subjects outweigh the anticipated benefits. 

Sponsors of applicable clinical trials of devices
also are required to register with www.clinicaltrials.gov, a public database of clinical trial information. Information related to
the device, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is made
public as part of the registration. Although the QSR does not fully apply to investigational devices, the requirement for controls on
design and development does apply. 

5 

Post-market Regulation 

After a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive
regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 

establishment
 registration and device listing with the FDA; 

QSR
 requirements, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow
 stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures
 during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process; 

labeling
 regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of investigational products, or the
 promotion of off-label uses of cleared or approved products; 

requirements
 related to promotional activities; 

clearance
 or approval of product modifications to 510(k)-cleared devices that could significantly affect
 safety or effectiveness or that would constitute a major change in intended use of one of
 our cleared devices, or approval of certain modifications to PMA-approved devices; 

medical
 device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device
 it markets may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned
 and the device or a similar device that it markets would be likely to cause or contribute
 to a death or serious injury, if the malfunction were to recur; 

correction,
 removal and recall reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the
 FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health
 posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; 

the
 FDA s recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall
 from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws and regulations; and 

post-market
 surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary
 to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data
 for the device. 

Once we have a commercialized product, our manufacturing
processes will be required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and the facilities and controls
for the design, manufacture, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, distribution, installation
and servicing of finished devices intended for human use. The QSR also requires, among other things, maintenance of a device master file,
device history file, and complaint files. As a manufacturer, we are subject to periodic scheduled or unscheduled inspections by the FDA.
Our failure to maintain compliance with the QSR requirements could result in the shut-down of, or restrictions on, our manufacturing operations
and the recall or seizure of our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. The discovery of previously unknown
problems with any of our products, including unanticipated adverse events or adverse events of increasing severity or frequency, whether
resulting from the use of the device within the scope of its clearance or off-label by a physician in the practice of medicine, could
result in restrictions on the device, including the removal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory device recalls. 

The FDA has broad regulatory compliance and enforcement
powers. If the FDA determines that we failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can take a variety of compliance or
enforcement actions, which may result in any of the following sanctions: 

untitled
 letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

unanticipated
 expenditures to address or defend such actions; 

customer
 notifications or repair, replacement, refunds, recall, detention or seizure of our products; 

operating
 restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing
 or delaying our requests for regulatory approvals or clearances of new products or modified
 products; 

withdrawing
 a PMA that has already been granted; 

refusal
 to grant export approval for our products; or 

criminal
 prosecution 

6 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we have sixteen full-time
employees. We also contract with several consultants and contractors performing regulatory advisory, investor relations and manufacturing
scale-up support. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. 

Available Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 360 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 203, Acton, MA 01720 and our telephone number is (844) 327-7078.
Our website address is www.bluejaydx.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K
and all amendments to those reports, proxy statements and other information about us are made available, free of charge, through the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC Filings section of our website at www.ir.bluejaydx.com/financial-information/sec-filings and
 at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable
after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We include our website address in this report only as an inactive
textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this
report. 

In addition, our Board of Directors has adopted
a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which is available through the Governance
Overview section of our website at www.ir.bluejaydx.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview. We intend to satisfy the disclosure
requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
and by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 

7 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our securities carries a significant degree of risk.
You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. If any
or a combination of the following risks were to materialize, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially
adversely affected. If that were to be the case, the market price of our securities could decline, and investors could lose all or part
of their investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition
and Capital Requirements 

We are subject to the risks associated with
new businesses. 

We entered into a License Agreement with Toray
in October 2020 and are effectively a new business with a plan to commercialize our licensed technology. Our limited operating history
may not be adequate to enable you to fully assess our ability to develop and market our Symphony platform and test cartridges, assuming
we receive regulatory clearances, for which there is no assurance, and respond to competition. Our efforts to date have related to the
organization and formation of our Company, research and development and performing clinical trials. We have no approved products, have
not yet generated sustainable revenue, and we cannot guarantee we will ever be able to generate future revenues. Therefore, we are, and
expect for the foreseeable future to be, subject to all the risks and uncertainties, inherent in a new business focused on the development
and sale of new medical devices. As a result, we may be unable to further develop, obtain regulatory approval for, manufacture, market,
sell and derive revenues from our Symphony platform and test cartridges and the other product candidates in our pipeline, and our inability
to do so would materially and adversely impact our viability. In addition, we still must optimize many functions necessary to operate
a business, including expanding our managerial, personnel and administrative structure, continuing product research and development, and
assessing and commencing our marketing activities. 

Accordingly, you should consider our prospects
in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies that have not yet commercialized their
products, particularly those in the medical device field. In particular, potential investors should consider that there is a significant
risk that we will not be able to: 

implement or execute our current
business plan, or that our business plan is sound; 

maintain our management team
and Board of Directors; 

determine that the technologies
that have been developed are commercially viable; 

attract, enter into or maintain
contracts with, and retain customers; and 

raise any necessary additional
funds in the capital markets or otherwise to effectuate our business plan. 

In the event that we do not successfully address
these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

8 

We have incurred significant losses since
inception and may not be able to achieve significant revenues or profitability. 

Since our inception, we have engaged primarily
in development activities. We have funded our operations primarily through debt and equity financings, and have incurred losses since
inception, including a net loss of 9.3 million and 3.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We do not
know whether or when we will become profitable. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends upon our ability, alone
or with others, to complete the development process of our product candidates, including regulatory approvals, and thereafter achieve
substantial acceptance in the marketplace for our products. We may be unable to achieve any or all of these goals. 

We will require substantial additional funding,
which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not so available, may require us to delay, limit, reduce or cease
our operations. 

To date, we have relied primarily on private debt
and equity financing to carry on our business. We have limited financial resources, negative cash flow from operations and no assurance
that sufficient funding will be available to us to fund our operating expenses and to further our product development efforts and pursue
clinical trials for FDA approval. Based on these and other factors, in our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we concluded that this circumstance raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
within one year from the original issuance date of such financial statements. Similarly, in its report on the consolidated financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm included an emphasis of matter paragraph
stating that our recurring losses from operations and continued cash outflows from operating activities raised substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 do not
include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital
to fund our operations while we implement and execute our business plan. We currently do not have any contracts or commitments for additional
financing. In addition, any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. 

There can be no assurance that such additional
capital will be available on a timely basis or on terms that will be acceptable to us. Failure to obtain such additional financing could
result in delay or indefinite postponement of operations or the further development of our business with the possible loss of such properties
or assets. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to fund our business or the
expansion thereof, take advantage of strategic acquisitions or investment opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. Such inability
to obtain additional financing when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial
condition and prospects. 

We have received a notification letter
from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff that our common stock does not satisfy Nasdaq s 1.00 minimum price per share rule
and we could face delisting by Nasdaq if we are unable to regain compliance with this requirement, which could adversely affect our ability
to sell stock in the public markets, the liquidity of our common stock and our general ability to raise additional capital. 

Our common stock currently is listed for quotation
on the Nasdaq Capital Market. We are required to meet specified financial requirements in order to maintain such listing. On October 25,
2022, we received a notification letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that the closing bid price for our common stock had been below 1.00 for the previous 30 consecutive business days and that
we therefore are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The notification has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

9 

Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we have a period
of 180 calendar days to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock must be at least 1.00 or higher
for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, and in such case, Nasdaq will provide us with written confirmation of compliance. If we
do not regain compliance by April 24, 2023, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar days, provided that we meet the continued
listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for Nasdaq, except the bid price
requirement. If we are not eligible or it appears to Nasdaq that we will not be able to cure the deficiency during the second compliance
period, Nasdaq will provide written notice to us that our common stock will be subject to delisting. In the event of such notification,
we may appeal Nasdaq s determination to delist its securities, but there can be no assurance that Nasdaq would grant our request
for continued listing. 

We intend to take all reasonable measures available
to us to achieve compliance to allow for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. However, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria.
If our common stock does not regain compliance with the minimum price requirement during the applicable compliance period, we may need
to effect a reverse stock split, whereby shares of our common stock are consolidated so that the per-share trading price becomes greater
than 1.00 per share. If our common stock is delisted, we may seek to have our common stock quoted on an over-the-counter marketplace,
such as on the OTCQX. The OTCQX is not a stock exchange, and if our common stock trades on the OTCQX rather than a securities exchange,
there may be significantly less trading volume and analyst coverage of, and significantly less investor interest in, our common stock,
which may lead to lower trading prices for our common stock. 

Any potential delisting
of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market may have materially adverse consequences to our stockholders, including: 

A reduced market price and liquidity
with respect to our shares of common stock; 

limited dissemination of the
market price of our common stock; 

limited news coverage; 

limited interest by investors
in our common stock; 

volatility of the prices of
our common stock, due to low trading volume; 

our common stock being considered
a penny stock, which would result in broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock being subject to the regulations
set forth in Rules 15g-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act; 

increased difficulty in selling
our common stock in certain states due to blue sky restrictions; and 

limited ability to issue additional
securities or to secure additional financing. 

10 

Risks Related to Our Business 

The License Agreement with Toray, which
covers the license of the core technology used in our Symphony Cartridges , contains significant risks that may threaten
our viability or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us and our business, assets and its prospects. 

We have an exclusive license with Toray for the
entire world, excluding Japan, to use their patents and know-how related to our Symphony test cartridges for the manufacturing, marketing
and sale of such products. We also have a nonexclusive license for the same purposes in Japan. We have no contractual
rights to the intellectual property covered in the License Agreement other than as expressly set forth therein. Our plans, business, prospects
and viability are substantially dependent on that intellectual property and subject to the limitations relating thereto as set forth in
the License Agreement: 

After the receipt of regulatory
approval in a country, we are required to pay Toray a minimum royalty of 60,000 for the initial year that royalties are payable increasing
to a minimum of 100,000 thereafter, regardless of the actual amount of sales by us of licensed products. Accordingly, we could be obligated
to pay royalties even though we have generated no or limited revenue. Such payments could materially and adversely affect our profitability
and could limit our investment in our business. 

Toray is only required to supply
cartridges for a three-year period ending in October 2024. If we are unable to extend this arrangement or activate a new CMO
to produce cartridges, we could be without any cartridge supply in the future. 

Toray may not be able to provide
all necessary know-how related to the test cartridges, increasing the time and cost of remediating product defects or impairing our ability
to timely scale up cartridge manufacturing. 

The license is non-assignable
and non-sublicensable (to third parties). These restrictions may limit our flexibility to structure our operations in the most advantageous
manner. 

At our sole expense, we must
file for, prosecute the application for, and obtain all regulatory approvals for the licensed products and obtain all legal permits necessary
for promoting, marketing, offering or selling each licensed product. The regulatory approval process can be expensive and time consuming,
and there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain any or all required permits. 

We are required to obtain market
approval for the products in the United States and the European Union by October 2023 or the License Agreement could be terminated by
Toray. 

Toray has the right to terminate the License Agreement or make it non-exclusive
if we do not generate commercial sales by October 2025, or by April 2027 if the lack of commercial sales is not directly attributed to
our actions. 

Except with respect to Toray s ownership of all intellectual
property rights in respect of the licensed property, Toray provides no, and disclaims all, representations, warranties or covenants relating
to the licensed intellectual property or any other matters under the License Agreement and in particular disclaims any fitness of the
property for any purpose or any warranty against infringement of any third-party patent. These provisions limit our recourse in the event
that the licensed intellectual property is flawed, defective, inadequate, incomplete, uncommercial, wrongly described or otherwise not
useful for our purposes. We have not independently verified any of the technical, scientific, commercial, legal, medical or other circumstances
or nature of the licensed intellectual property and therefore there can be no assurances that any of the foregoing risks have been reduced
or eliminated. These provisions represent a significant risk of a material adverse impact on us, our business and our prospects. 

In addition, see the risks in Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property below. These risks are not the only risks inherent in the License Agreement. You are encouraged
to read the complete text of the License Agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

11 

We have not yet launched any products and
the ability to do so will depend on the acceptance of our Symphony platform in the healthcare market. 

We have not yet launched or received regulatory
approvals in any country or territory for our Symphony platform or test cartridges. Even if we receive regulatory approvals, we are faced
with the risk that our Symphony platform will not be accepted over competing products and that we will be unable to enter the marketplace
or compete effectively. We cannot assure you that our Symphony platform or test cartridges will gain market acceptance. If the market
for our future products fails to develop or develops more slowly than expected, or if any of the technology and standards supported by
us do not achieve or sustain market acceptance, our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. 

We cannot accurately predict the volume
or timing of any sales, making the timing of any revenues difficult to predict. 

We may be faced with lengthy and unpredictable
customer evaluation and approval processes associated with our Symphony platform. Consequently, we may incur substantial expenses and
devote significant management effort and expense in developing customer adoption of our Symphony platform, which may not result in revenue
generation. We must also obtain regulatory approvals of our Symphony platform and test cartridges in jurisdictions in which we pursue
approvals, which is subject to risk and potential delays. The same risks apply to other tests we may develop based on our Symphony platform.
As such, we cannot accurately predict the volume, if any, or timing of any future sales. 

If third-party payors do not provide coverage
and reimbursement for the use of our platform, our business and prospects may be negatively impacted. 

Third-party payors, whether governmental or commercial,
are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In addition, in certain countries, no uniform policy
of coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement
for medical device products and services can differ significantly from payor to payor. In addition, payors continually review new technologies
for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for these new products and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination
process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our
products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 

Our Symphony platform, including its software
and systems, may contain undetected errors, which could limit our ability to provide our products and diminish the attractiveness of our
offerings. 

Our Symphony platform may contain undetected errors,
defects, or bugs. As a result, our customers or end users may discover errors or defects in our products, software or systems, or our
products, software or systems may not operate as expected. We may discover significant errors or defects in the future that we may not
be able to fix. Our inability to fix any of those errors could limit our ability to provide our products and services, impair the reputation
of our brand and diminish the attractiveness of our product and service offerings to our customers. 

In addition, we may utilize third party technology
or components in our products, and we rely on those third parties to provide support services to us. The existence of errors, defects,
or bugs in third party technology or components, or the failure of those third parties to provide necessary support services to us, could
materially adversely impact our business. 

12 

We will rely on the proper function, security
and availability of our information technology systems and data to operate our business, and a breach, cyber-attack or other disruption
to these systems or data could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation,
or competitive position. 

We will depend on sophisticated software and other
information technology systems to operate our business, including to process, transmit and store sensitive data, and our future products
and services may include information technology systems that collect data regarding patients. We could experience attempted or actual
interference with the integrity of, and interruptions in, our technology systems, as well as data breaches, such as cyber-attacks, malicious
intrusions, breakdowns, interference with the integrity of our products and data or other significant disruptions. Furthermore, we may
rely on third-party vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems. These third-party systems
could also become vulnerable to cyber-attack, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference, or other significant disruptions, and may
contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption or compromise the information security
of our own systems. 

If in the future we pursue foreign jurisdictions,
such international operations will mean that we are subject to laws and regulations, including data protection and cybersecurity laws
and regulations, in many jurisdictions. Furthermore, there has been a developing trend of civil lawsuits and class actions relating to
breaches of consumer data held by large companies or incidents arising from other cyber-attacks. Any data security breaches, cyber-attacks,
malicious intrusions or significant disruptions could result in actions by regulatory bodies and/or civil litigation, any of which could
materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation, or competitive position. 

In addition, our information technology systems
require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep
pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect
patient and customer information, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the
information technology needs associated any new products and services. There can be no assurance that our process of consolidating, protecting,
upgrading and expanding our systems and capabilities, continuing to build security into the design of our products, and developing new
systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology will be successful or that additional systems issues
will not arise in the future. 

If our information technology systems, products
or services or sensitive data are compromised, patients or employees could be exposed to financial or medical identity theft or suffer
a loss of product functionality, and we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, have difficulty preventing,
detecting, and controlling fraud, be exposed to the loss or misuse of confidential information, have disputes with customers, physicians,
and other health care professionals, suffer regulatory sanctions or penalties, experience increases in operating expenses or an impairment
in our ability to conduct our operations, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach, product failure, information
technology outages or disruptions, or suffer other adverse consequences including lawsuits or other legal action and damage to our reputation. 

If we are not able to attract and retain
highly skilled managerial, scientific and technical personnel, we may not be able to implement our business model successfully. 

We believe that our management team must be able
to act decisively to apply and adapt our business model in the markets in which we will compete. Our future performance depends to a large
extent on the continued services of members of our current management. In addition, we will rely upon technical and scientific employees
or third-party contractors to effectively establish, manage and grow our business. Consequently, we believe that our future viability
will depend largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, sales, scientific and technical personnel. In order
to do so, we may need to pay higher compensation or fees to our employees or consultants than we currently expect, and such higher compensation
payments would have a negative effect on our operating results. Competition for experienced, high-quality personnel is intense and we
cannot assure that we will be able to recruit and retain such personnel. We may not be able to hire or retain the necessary personnel
to implement our business strategy. Our failure to hire and retain such personnel could impair our ability to develop new products and
manage our business effectively. In the event that we lose the continued services of such key personnel for any reason, this could have
a material adverse effect on our business, operations and prospects. 

13 

If we or our manufacturers fail to comply
with the regulatory quality system regulations or any applicable equivalent regulations, our proposed operations could be interrupted,
and our operating results would suffer. 

We and any third-party manufacturers and suppliers
of ours will be required, to the extent of applicable regulation, to follow the quality system regulations of each jurisdiction we will
seek to penetrate and also will be subject to the regulations of these jurisdictions regarding the manufacturing processes. If we or any
third-party manufacturers or suppliers of ours are found to be in significant non-compliance or fail to take satisfactory corrective action
in response to adverse regulatory findings in this regard, regulatory agencies could take enforcement actions against us and such manufacturers
or suppliers, which could impair or prevent our ability to produce our products in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to meet
customers demands. Accordingly, our operating results would suffer. 

Product liability suits, whether or not
meritorious, could be brought against us due to an alleged defective product or for the misuse of our Symphony platform or test cartridges.
These suits could result in expensive and time-consuming litigation, payment of substantial damages, and an increase in our insurance
rates. 

If our Symphony platform or test cartridges, or
any future tests based on our Symphony platform, are defectively designed or manufactured, contain defective components or are misused,
or if someone claims any of the foregoing, whether or not meritorious, we may become subject to substantial and costly litigation. Misusing
our devices or failing to adhere to the operating guidelines or our devices producing inaccurate readings could cause significant harm
to patients. In addition, if our operating guidelines are found to be inadequate, we may be subject to liability. Product liability claims
could divert management s attention from our core business, be expensive to defend and result in sizable damage awards against us.
While we expect to maintain product liability insurance, we may not have sufficient insurance coverage for all future claims. Any product
liability claims brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our product liability insurance rates or prevent us from securing
continuing coverage, could harm our reputation in the industry and could reduce revenue. Product liability claims in excess of our insurance
coverage would be paid out of cash reserves harming our financial condition and adversely affecting our results of operations. 

If we are found to have violated laws protecting
the confidentiality of patient health information, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which could increase our liabilities
and harm our reputation or our business. 

There are a number of laws around the world protecting
the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restricting the use and disclosure of that protected
information. Privacy rules protect medical records and other personal health information by limiting their use and disclosure, giving
individuals the right to access, amend and seek accounting of their own health information and limiting most use and disclosures of health
information to the minimum amount reasonably necessary to accomplish the intended purpose. We may face difficulties in holding such information
in compliance with applicable law. If we are found to be in violation of the privacy rules, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties,
which could increase our liabilities, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Significant raw material shortages, supplier
capacity constraints, supplier disruptions, and sourcing issues may adversely impact or limited our products sales and or impact our product
margins. 

In connection with effects related to the COVID-19
pandemic, we are operating in a supply-constrained environment and are facing, and may continue to face, supply-chain shortages, inflationary
pressures, logistics challenges and manufacturing disruptions that impact our revenues, profitability, and timeliness in fulfilling customer
orders. In addition, our key suppliers are limited- or sole-source suppliers. Disruptions in deliveries, capacity constraints, production
disruptions up- or down-stream, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, including as a result of war,
natural disasters (including the effects of climate change such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires and more intense weather
events), actual or threatened public health emergencies or other business continuity events, adversely affect our operations and, depending
on the length and severity of the disruption, can limit our ability to meet our commitments to customers or significantly impact our operating
profit or cash flows. 

14 

Risks Related to Product Development and Regulatory
Approval 

The regulatory approval process which we
may be required to navigate may be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining clearance for our planned
products. 

We intend to market our Symphony platform or test
cartridges following regulatory approval. To date, we have not received regulatory approval in any jurisdiction. The research, design,
testing, manufacturing, labeling, selling, marketing, and distribution of medical devices are subject to extensive regulation by country-specific
regulatory authorities, which regulations differ from country to country. There can be no assurance that, even after such time and expenditures,
we will be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for clinical testing or for the manufacturing or marketing of any products. In
addition, during the regulatory process, other companies may develop other technologies with the same intended use as our products. 

We also will be subject to numerous post-marketing
regulatory requirements, which may include labeling regulations and medical device reporting regulations, which may require us to report
to different regulatory agencies if our device causes or contributes to a death or serious injury, or malfunctions in a way that would
likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. In addition, these regulatory requirements may change in the future in a way
that adversely affects us. If we fail to comply with present or future regulatory requirements that are applicable to us, we may be subject
to enforcement action by regulatory agencies, which may include, among others, any of the following sanctions: 

warning letters, fines, injunctions,
consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer notification, or orders
for repair, replacement, or refunds; 

voluntary or mandatory recall
or seizure of our products; 

imposing operating restrictions,
suspension, or shutdown of production; 

refusing our requests for clearance
or pre-market approval of new products, new intended uses or modifications to any products; 

rescinding clearance or suspending
or withdrawing pre-market approvals that have already been granted; and 

criminal prosecution. 

The occurrence of any of these events may have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Product clearances and approvals can often
be denied or significantly delayed. 

Under FDA regulations, unless exempt, a new medical
device may only be commercially distributed after it has received 510(k) clearance, is authorized through the de novo classification process,
or is the subject of a PMA. The FDA will clear marketing of a medical device through the 510(k) process if it is demonstrated that the
new product is substantially equivalent to another legally marketed product not subject to a PMA. Sometimes, a 510(k) clearance must be
supported by preclinical and clinical data. 

15 

The PMA process typically is more costly, lengthy,
and stringent than either the 510(k) process or the de novo classification process. Unlike a 510(k) review, which determines substantial
equivalence, a PMA requires that the applicant demonstrate reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective by producing
valid scientific evidence, including data from preclinical studies and human clinical trials. Therefore, to obtain regulatory clearance
or approvals, we typically must, among other requirements, provide the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities with preclinical
and clinical data that demonstrate to their satisfaction that our products satisfy the criteria for approval. Preclinical testing and
clinical trials must comply with the regulations of the FDA and other government authorities in the United States and similar agencies
in other countries. 

We may be required to obtain PMAs, PMA supplements,
de novo classification, or additional 510(k) pre-market clearances to market modifications to our products once they are approved and
commercialized. The FDA requires device manufacturers to make and document a determination of whether a device modification requires approval
or clearance; however, the FDA can review a manufacturer s decision. The FDA may not agree with our decisions not to seek approvals
or clearances for particular device modifications. If the FDA requires us to obtain PMAs, PMA supplements or pre-market clearances for
any modification to a previously cleared or approved device, we may be required to cease manufacturing and marketing of the modified device
and perhaps also to recall such modified device until we obtain FDA clearance or approval. We may also be subject to significant regulatory
fines or penalties. 

The FDA may not clear or approve our product submissions
or applications on a timely basis or at all. Such delays or refusals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

The FDA may also change its clearance and approval
policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance
of our products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently approved or cleared products on a timely basis. Any of
these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

International regulatory approval processes may
take more or less time than the FDA s clearance or approval process. If we fail to comply with applicable FDA and comparable non-U.S.
regulatory requirements, we may not receive regulatory clearances or approvals or may be subject to FDA or comparable non-U.S. enforcement
actions. We may be unable to obtain future regulatory clearance or approval in a timely manner, or at all, especially if existing regulations
are changed or new regulations are adopted. For example, the FDA s clearance or approval process can take longer than anticipated
due to requests for additional clinical data and changes in regulatory requirements. In addition, the changing landscape related to the
COVID-19 pandemic also could lead to delays in obtaining clinical data. The declining number of COVID patients with respiratory deterioration
may impact our ability to meet the primary endpoint in our Symphony IL-6 Expanded Clinical Study. We are currently working with the FDA
to expand this endpoint to better reflect the current standard of care and to make the number of study subjects more realistic in light
of the decreasing number of COVID positive subjects needed in the study. Any failure or delay in obtaining necessary regulatory clearances
or approvals would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our Symphony platform may be sold as a research
use only product. The FDA could disagree with this strategy and subject the product to regulation as a regulated medical device,
which could increase our costs and delay our commercialization efforts, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business and results
of operations. 

In the United States, we may decide to label and
sell our Symphony platform for research use only, and not for the diagnosis or treatment of disease. Our future product candidates
also may follow this same pathway to market. Because such products are not intended for use in clinical practice in diagnostics, and the
products cannot include clinical or diagnostic claims, they are exempt from many regulatory requirements otherwise applicable to medical
devices. In particular, while FDA regulations require that RUO products be labeled, For Research Use Only. Not for use in
diagnostic procedures, the regulations do not otherwise subject such products to the FDA s pre- and post-market controls
for medical devices. 

16 

A significant change in the laws governing RUO
products or how they are enforced may require us to change our ability to consider generating revenue via this path in order to maintain
compliance. For instance, in November 2013 the FDA issued a guidance document entitled Distribution of In Vitro Diagnostic Products
Labeled for Research Use Only or Investigational Use Only (the RUO Guidance which highlights the FDA s
interpretation that distribution of RUO products with any labeling, advertising or promotion that suggests that clinical laboratories
can validate the test through their own procedures and subsequently offer it for clinical diagnostic use as a laboratory developed test
is in conflict with RUO status. The RUO Guidance further articulates the FDA s position that any assistance offered in performing
clinical validation or verification, or similar specialized technical support, to clinical laboratories, conflicts with RUO status. If
we engage in any activities that the FDA deems to be in conflict with the RUO status held by the products that we sell, we may be subject
to immediate, severe and broad FDA enforcement action that would adversely affect our ability to continue operations. Accordingly, if
the FDA finds that we are distributing our RUO products in a manner that is inconsistent with its regulations or guidance, we may be forced
to stop distribution of our RUO tests until we are in compliance, which would reduce our revenue, increase our costs and adversely affect
our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the FDA s proposed implementation for a new
framework for the regulation of LDTs may negatively impact the LDT market and thereby reduce demand for RUO products. 

Clinical data obtained in the future may
not meet the required objectives, which could delay, limit or prevent any regulatory approval. 

There can be no assurance that we will successfully
complete any clinical evaluations necessary to receive regulatory approvals. While preliminary results have been encouraging and indicative
of the potential performance of our Symphony platform and test cartridges, data already obtained, or in the future obtained, from clinical
studies do not necessarily predict the results that will be obtained from later clinical evaluations. The failure to adequately demonstrate
the performance characteristics of the device under development could delay or prevent regulatory approval of the device, which could
prevent or result in delays to market launch and could materially harm our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
receive approval for any potential applications of our principal technology, or that we will receive regulatory clearances from targeted
regions or countries. 

We may be unable to complete required clinical
evaluations, or we may experience significant delays in completing such clinical evaluations, which could prevent or significantly delay
our targeted product launch timeframe and impair our viability and business plan. 

The completion of any future clinical evaluations
of our Symphony platform or test cartridges, or other studies that we may be required to undertake in the future, could be delayed, suspended,
or terminated for several reasons, including: 

we may fail to or be unable
to conduct the clinical evaluation in accordance with regulatory requirements; 

sites participating in the trial
may drop out of the trial, which may require us to engage new sites for an expansion of the number of sites that are permitted to be
involved in the trial; 

patients may not enroll in,
remain in or complete, the clinical evaluation at the rates we expect; and 

clinical investigators may not
perform our clinical evaluation on our anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical evaluation protocol and good clinical practices. 

The declining number of COVID patients with respiratory
deterioration may impact our ability to meet the primary endpoint in our Symphony IL-6 Expanded Clinical Study. We are currently working
with the FDA to expand this endpoint to better reflect the current standard of care and to make the number of study subjects more realistic
in light of the decreasing number of COVID positive subjects needed in the study. 

If our clinical evaluations are delayed it will
take us longer to ultimately launch our Symphony platform and test cartridges in the market and generate revenues. Moreover, our development
costs will increase if we have material delays in our clinical evaluation or if we need to perform more or larger clinical evaluations
than planned. 

17 

We and our suppliers may not meet regulatory quality standards
applicable to our manufacturing processes, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

As a medical device manufacturer, we will need
to register with the FDA and various non-U.S. regulatory agencies and will be subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and foreign regulatory
agencies, for compliance with certain Good Manufacturing Practices, including design controls, product validation and verification, in
process testing, quality control and documentation procedures. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual
review and is rigorously monitored through periodic inspections by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies. Our product and component
suppliers may also be required to meet certain standards applicable to their manufacturing processes. 

We cannot assure you that we or our products or
component suppliers will comply with all regulatory requirements. The failure by us or one of our suppliers to achieve or maintain compliance
with these requirements or quality standards may disrupt our ability to supply products sufficient to meet demand until compliance is
achieved or, until a new supplier has been identified and evaluated. Our or any product or component supplier s failure to comply
with applicable regulations could cause sanctions to be imposed on us, including warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties,
failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our products, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals or clearances,
license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, which could harm our business.
We cannot assure you that if we need to engage new suppliers to satisfy our business requirements, we can locate new suppliers in compliance
with regulatory requirements at a reasonable cost and in an acceptable timeframe. Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be liable if the FDA or another regulatory agency concludes
that we have engaged in the off-label promotion of our products. 

Our promotional materials and training methods
must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including the prohibition of the promotion of the off-label use of our
products. Once our products are cleared or approved for clinical use, healthcare providers may use our products for off-label uses, as
the FDA does not restrict or regulate a physician s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. However, if the FDA determines
that our promotional, or training materials for sales representatives or physicians constitute promotion of an off-label use, the FDA
could request that we modify our training, promotional materials and/or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the
issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, disgorgement of profits, significant penalties, including civil
fines and criminal penalties. Other federal, state or foreign governmental authorities also might take action if they consider our promotion,
reimbursement or training materials to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant fines or penalties
under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. In those possible events, our reputation could
be damaged, and adoption of the products would be impaired. 

Our products may be subject to recalls after receiving FDA or
foreign approval or clearance or cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury or malfunction in certain ways prompting voluntary
corrective actions or agency enforcement actions, which could divert managerial and financial resources, harm our reputation, and adversely
affect our business. 

The FDA and similar foreign governmental authorities
have the authority to require the recall of our products because of any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or defects
in design or manufacture, or if there is a reasonable likelihood our products might cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury
or malfunction. A government mandated or voluntary product recall by us could occur because of, for example, component failures, device
malfunctions or other adverse events, such as serious injuries or deaths, or quality-related issues, such as manufacturing errors or design
or labeling defects. Any future recalls of our products could divert managerial and financial resources, harm our reputation, and adversely
affect our business. 

18 

If we initiate a correction or removal for one
of our devices to reduce a risk to health posed by the device, we would be required to submit a publicly available Correction and Removal
report to the FDA and, in many cases, similar reports to other regulatory agencies. This report could be classified by the FDA as a device
recall which could lead to increased scrutiny by the FDA, other international regulatory agencies and our customers regarding the quality
and safety of our devices. Furthermore, the submission of these reports has been and could be used by competitors against us in competitive
situations and cause customers to delay purchase decisions or cancel orders and would harm our reputation. 

In addition, we will be subject to medical device
reporting regulations that will require us to report to the FDA or similar foreign governmental authorities if one of our products may
have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or if we become aware that it has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause
or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction recurred. Failures to properly identify reportable events or to file timely
reports, as well as failure to address each of the observations to the FDA s satisfaction, can subject us to sanctions and penalties,
including warning letters and recalls. Physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare providers may make similar reports to regulatory authorities.
Any such reports may trigger an investigation by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory bodies, which could divert managerial and financial
resources, harm our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any
adverse event involving our products also could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications,
or agency action, such as inspection or enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending
ourselves in a lawsuit, would require our time and capital, distract management from operating our business and may harm our reputation
and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Legislative or regulatory reforms may make
it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory clearance or approval of any future products and to manufacture, market and distribute
our products after clearance or approval is obtained. 

From time to time, legislation is drafted and
introduced in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulatory approval, manufacture and marketing
of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional
regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our future products
under development or impact our ability to modify our currently cleared products on a timely basis. Any new regulations or revisions or
reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of planned or future products. It is impossible
to predict whether legislative changes will be enacted, or FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations changed, and what the impact of
such changes, if any, may be. 

FDA regulations and guidance are often revised
or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new statutes, regulations or revisions
or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of any future products or make it more
difficult to obtain clearance or approval for, manufacture, market or distribute our products. We cannot determine what effect changes
in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted may have on our business in the
future. Such changes could, among other things, require additional testing prior to obtaining clearance or approval; changes to manufacturing
methods; recall, replacement or discontinuance of our products; or additional record keeping. 

Any change in the laws or regulations that govern
the clearance and approval processes relating to our current, planned and future products could make it more difficult and costly to obtain
clearance or approval for new products or to produce, market and distribute existing products. Significant delays in receiving clearance
or approval or the failure to receive clearance or approval for any new products would have an adverse effect on our ability to expand
our business. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or
if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing clearance that we may have obtained and we may not achieve
or sustain profitability. 

19 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We depend on intellectual property licensed
from Toray, and any dispute over the license would significantly harm our business. 

We are dependent on the intellectual property
licensed from Toray. Disputes may arise between us and Toray regarding intellectual property subject to the License Agreement. If disputes
over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable
terms or are insufficient to provide us the necessary rights to use the intellectual property, we may be unable to successfully develop
and launch our Symphony platform and our other product candidates. If we or Toray fail to adequately protect this intellectual property,
our ability to launch our products in the market also could suffer. For so long as we are dependent on the intellectual property covered
by the License Agreement for the pursuit of our business, any such disputes relating to the License Agreement or failure to protect the
intellectual property could threaten our viability. 

We will depend primarily on Toray to file,
prosecute, maintain, defend and enforce intellectual property that we license from it and that is material to our business. 

The intellectual property relating to our Symphony
platform is owned by Toray. Under the License Agreement, Toray generally has the right to file, prosecute, maintain and defend the intellectual
property we have licensed from Toray. If Toray fails to conduct these activities for intellectual property protection covering any of
our product candidates, our ability to develop and launch those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to
prevent competitors from making, using or selling competing products. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, Toray
generally has the right to control the enforcement of our licensed intellectual property and the defense of any claims asserting the invalidity
of that intellectual property. We cannot be certain that Toray will allocate sufficient resources to and otherwise prioritize the enforcement
of such intellectual property or the defense of such claims to protect our interests in the licensed intellectual property. In the absence
of action by Toray, we may be unable to protect and enforce the proprietary rights on which our business relies. Even if we are not a
party to these legal actions, an adverse outcome could harm our business because it might prevent us from continuing to use the licensed
intellectual property that we need to operate our business. In addition, even if we take control of the prosecution of licensed intellectual
property and related applications, enforcement of licensed intellectual property, or defense of claims asserting the invalidity of that
intellectual property, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of Toray and its counsel that took place
prior to or after our assuming control, and we cannot ensure the cooperation of Toray in any such action. Furthermore, if we take action
to protect, enforce or defend the licensed intellectual property, we may incur significant costs and the attention of our management may
be diverted from our normal business operations. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

20 

We and Toray may be unable to protect or
enforce the intellectual property rights licensed to us, which could impair our competitive position. 

In order for our business to be viable and to
compete effectively, the proprietary rights with respect to the technologies and intellectual property used in our products must be developed
and maintained. Toray relies primarily on patent protection and trade secrets to protect its technology and intellectual property rights.
There are significant risks associated with Toray s ability (or our ability, in the absence of action by Toray) to protect the intellectual
property licensed to us, including: 

pending intellectual
property applications may not be approved or may take longer than expected to result in approval in one or more of the countries in which
we operate; 

Toray s intellectual property
rights may not provide meaningful protection; 

other companies may challenge
the validity or extent of Toray s patents and other proprietary intellectual property rights through litigation, oppositions and
other proceedings. These proceedings can be protracted as well as unpredictable; 

other companies may have independently
developed (or may in the future independently develop) similar or alternative technologies, may duplicate Toray s technologies
or may design their technologies around Toray s technologies; 

enforcement of intellectual
property rights is complex, uncertain and expensive, and may be subject to lengthy delays. In the event we take control of any such action
under the License Agreement, our ability to enforce our intellectual property protection could be limited by our financial resources;
and 

the other risks described in
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 

If any of Toray s patents or other intellectual
property rights fail to protect the technology licensed by us, it would make it easier for our competitors to offer similar products.
Any inability on Toray s part (or on our part, in the absence of action by Toray) to adequately protect its intellectual property
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We and/or Toray may be subject to claims
alleging the violation of the intellectual property rights of others. 

We may face significant expense and liability
as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to intellectual property rights of others. In the event that another party has
intellectual property protection relating to an invention or technology licensed by us from Toray, we and/or Toray may be required to
participate in an interference proceeding declared by the regulatory authorities to determine priority of invention, which could result
in substantial uncertainties and costs for us, even if the eventual outcome was favorable to us. We and/or Toray also could be required
to participate in interference proceedings involving intellectual property of another entity. An adverse outcome in an interference proceeding
could require us and/or Toray to cease using the technology, to substantially modify it or to license rights from prevailing third parties,
which could delay or prevent the launch of our products in the market or adversely affect our profitability. 

21 

The cost to us of any intellectual property litigation
or other proceeding relating the intellectual property licensed by us from Toray, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial,
especially given our early stage of development. A third party may claim that we and/or Toray are using inventions claimed by their intellectual
property and may go to court to stop us and/or Toray from engaging in our normal operations and activities, such as research, development
and the sale of any future products. Such lawsuits are expensive and would consume significant time and other resources. There is a risk
that a court will decide that we and/or Toray are infringing the third party s intellectual property and will order us to stop the
activities claimed by the intellectual property. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us and/or Toray to pay the other
party damages for having infringed their intellectual property. Moreover, there is no guarantee that any prevailing intellectual property
owner would offer us a license so that we could continue to engage in activities claimed by the intellectual property, or that such a
license, if made available to us, could be acquired on commercially acceptable terms. 

We and Toray may be subject to claims challenging
the invention of the intellectual property that we license from Toray. 

We and Toray may be subject to claims that former
employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example,
we and Toray may have inventorship disputes arising from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing
our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship. If we and Toray
fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we and Toray may lose valuable intellectual property rights,
such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect
on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction
to management and other employees. As a result, it is unclear whether and, if so, to what extent employees of ours and Toray may be able
to claim compensation with respect to our future revenue. We may receive less revenue from future products if any of employees of Toray
or us successfully claim compensation for their work in developing our intellectual property, which in turn could impact our future profitability. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

We face intense competition in the diagnostic
testing market, particularly in the IL-6 space, and as a result we may be unable to effectively compete in our industry. 

We expect to compete directly and primarily with
large medical device companies. These large companies have most of the diagnostic testing business and strong research and development
capacity. Their dominant market position and significant control over markets could significantly limit our ability to introduce our Symphony
platform or effectively market and generate sales of our products. 

We have not yet entered the revenue stage and
most of our competitors have long histories and strong reputations within the industry. They have significantly greater brand recognition,
financial and human resources than we do. They also have more experience and capabilities in researching and developing testing devices,
obtaining and maintaining regulatory clearances and other requirements, manufacturing and marketing those products than we do. There is
a significant risk that we may be unable to overcome the advantages held by our competition, and our inability to do so could lead to
the failure of our business. 

Competition in the diagnostic testing markets
is intense, which can lead to, among other things, price reductions, longer selling cycles, lower product margins, loss of market share
and additional working capital requirements. To succeed, we must, among other critical matters, gain consumer acceptance for our products,
technical solutions, prices and response time, or a combination of these factors. If our competitors offer significant discounts on certain
products, we may need to lower our prices or offer other favorable terms in order to compete successfully. Moreover, any broad-based changes
to our prices and pricing policies could make it difficult to generate revenues or cause our revenues, if established, to decline. Moreover,
if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are more desirable than the products that we may develop, we may not convince
customers to use our products. Any such changes would likely reduce our commercial opportunity and revenue potential and could materially
adversely impact our operating results. 

22 

If we or Toray fail to respond quickly to
technological developments, our products may become uncompetitive and obsolete. 

The diagnostic testing market may experience rapid
technology developments, changes in industry standards, changes in customer requirements and frequent new product introductions and improvements.
If we or Toray are unable to respond to these developments, we may lose competitive position, and our products or technology may become
uncompetitive or obsolete, causing our business and prospects to suffer. In order to compete, we and Toray may have to develop, license
or acquire new technology on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments and the requirements for products addressing a
broad spectrum and designers and designer expertise in our industries. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We could issue blank check 
preferred stock without stockholder approval with the effect of diluting interests of then-current stockholders and impairing their voting
rights, and provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for
the authorization to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to
issue one or more series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could dilute the interest
of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders. The issuance of a series of preferred stock could be used as a method of discouraging,
delaying or preventing a change in control. For example, it would be possible for our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with
voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of our Company. In addition, advanced
notice is required prior to stockholder proposals, which might further delay a change of control. 

Shares eligible for future sale may adversely
affect the market for our common stock. 

The price of our common stock could decline if
there are substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, employees, and significant stockholders,
or when there is a large number of shares of our common stock available for sale. 

Our existing stockholders (including the holders
of our preferred stock and warrants) may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market, subject to the limitations of Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act. In general, under Rule
144 as currently in effect, once we have been subject to public company reporting requirements for at least 90 days, a person who
is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during the 90 days preceding a sale
and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner
other than our affiliates, is entitled to sell those shares without complying with the manner of sale, volume limitation or notice provisions
of Rule 144, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares
proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates, then that person
is entitled to sell those shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. Our affiliates and other persons selling
shares on behalf of our affiliates also are entitled to sell as long as they comply with Rule 144 s manner of sale, volume limitation
and notice provisions, in addition to the provisions applicable to non-affiliates described above. 

The market price of the shares of our common stock
could decline as a result of the sale of a substantial number of our shares of common stock in the public market or the perception in
the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 

We do not currently intend to pay dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation
in the price of our common stock. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price
appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. There is no guarantee that shares
of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 

23 

If securities industry analysts do not publish
research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and market trading volume of our common stock could
be negatively affected. 

Any trading market for our common stock will be
influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about us. We do not currently have and may never
obtain research coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts commence coverage of us, the market price
and market trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected. In the event we are covered by analysts, and one or more of
such analysts downgrade our securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues coverage or us, the market price and market
trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected. 

As an emerging growth company 
under applicable law, we will be subject to lessened disclosure requirements, which could leave our stockholders without information or
rights available to stockholders of other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

For as long as we remain an emerging growth
company as defined in the JOBS Act, we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to: 

not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. 

We expect to take advantage of these reporting
exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years,
although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1)
December 31, 2026, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (3) the
date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which is the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common
stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the end of our most recent second fiscal quarter, and (4) the date on
which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Because of these lessened regulatory requirements,
our stockholders would be left without information or rights available to stockholders of other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies. In addition, we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we rely on these
exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common
stock and our stock price may suffer or be more volatile. 

Because we have elected to use the extended
transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an emerging growth company our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We have elected to use the extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards
apply to private companies. While we are not currently delaying the implementation of any relevant accounting standards, in the future
we may avail ourselves of these rights, and as a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. Because our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates, investors may have difficulty evaluating or comparing our business, performance or prospects in comparison
to other public companies, which may have a negative impact on the value and liquidity of our common stock. 

24 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company and may affect the trading price of our
common stock. 

We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging
in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder,
even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws will: 

provide for the issuance of
 blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 

provide that stockholders will
not be able to take action by written consent, and special meetings of stockholders may only be called by our Chief Executive Officer,
our President, our Board of Directors or a majority of our stockholders; 

provide that our stockholders
are required to provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election to our Board of Directors
or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from
conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of
our Company; and 

do not provide stockholders
with the ability to cumulate their votes, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates. 

These provisions could also limit the price that
investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. 

We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public
company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

Our common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market in November 2021. As a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an EGC, we will incur significant legal,
accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations
impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls
and corporate governance practices. These requirements may result in significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities
more time-consuming and costly. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack
of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing
bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to
disclosure and governance practices. 

Pursuant to SOX Section 404 we are required
to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K with the
SEC after we become a public company, including an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent
registered public accounting firm. However, while we remain an EGC, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal
control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To comply with SOX Section 404, we
document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we have and
will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess
and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate
through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal
control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, we may identify one or more material weaknesses, which could result in an adverse
reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 

25 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation will provide, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, subject to limited exceptions, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions
against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such stockholder s counsel in any action brought to enforce the exclusive forum provision. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 27 of the
Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and
state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
As a result, the exclusive forum provision will provide that the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of
Delaware will have concurrent jurisdiction over any action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules
and regulations thereunder or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent the exclusive forum
provision restricts the courts in which our stockholders may bring claims arising under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Investors cannot waive compliance with the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

This exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees
or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. By requiring a stockholder to bring such a claim in the Court
of Chancery (or the federal district court for the District of Delaware, in the case of an action under the Securities Act or the rules
and regulations thereunder), the exclusive forum provision also may increase the costs to a stockholder of bringing such a claim. Alternatively,
if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could
harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We have leased two facilities in Acton, Massachusetts which will expire
in 2024 and 2027. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time in the ordinary course of our
business, we may be involved in legal proceedings, the outcomes of which may not be determinable. The results of litigation are inherently
unpredictable. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant
amounts of management time and result in diversion of significant resources. However, we are currently not a party to any pending legal
actions. We have insurance policies covering any potential losses where such coverage is cost effective. 

We are not at this time involved in any additional
legal proceedings that we believe could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under
the symbol BJDX . 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not
expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion
of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained
in any financing instruments, provisions of applicable law and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. On June 7, 2021, our
Board of Directors declared a stock dividend of 2.15 shares of common stock for every share of common stock. This stock dividend was deemed
a large stock dividend and was treated as a 1-for-3.15 stock split. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of February
28 , 2023, we had 20,459,057 shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately
 ten stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number
of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other
nominees. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Part III, Item 12 to this Form 10-K for information
relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis together with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. For additional discussion, see CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS above. 

Overview 

We are a clinical-stage medical diagnostics company developing rapid,
tests using whole blood on our Symphony platform Symphony to improve patient outcomes in critical care settings. Our Symphony
technology platform is an exclusively licensed, patented system that consists of a mobile device and single-use test cartridges that if
cleared, authorized, or approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), can provide a solution to a significant
market need in the United States. Clinical trials indicate Symphony produces laboratory-quality results in less than 20 minutes in critical
care settings, including Intensive Care Units ICUs and Emergency Rooms ERs ), where rapid and reliable results
are required. 

27 

Since inception, we have incurred net losses from
operations each year and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We incurred net losses of approximately 9.3
million and 3.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had negative cash flow from operating
activities of approximately 7.8 million and 4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 17.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

The following table sets forth our results of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 249,040 
 - 
 
 Cost of sales 
 200,129 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 
 48,911 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 4,152,152 
 1,147,955 
 
 General and administrative 
 4,763,114 
 1,792,482 
 
 Marketing and business development 
 451,421 
 289,726 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 9,366,687 
 3,230,163 

Operating loss 
 (9,317,776 
 (3,230,163 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, net of amortization of premium 
 - 
 (367,459 
 
 Impairment of property and equipment 
 (237,309 
 - 
 
 State grant revenue 
 - 
 75,000 
 
 Other income, net 
 258,137 
 34,324 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 20,828 
 (258,135 
 
 Net loss 
 (9,296,948 
 (3,488,298 

Revenue and Gross Profit 

Revenue and gross profit increased approximately
 250,000 and 49,000 respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. We recognized a small, non-recurring sale
to a foreign development partner in the second quarter of 2022, which we do not consider an entry to the market or indicative of expected
margins. As expected, there were no sales in the remainder of 2022. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses increased approximately
 3.0 million, or 262 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. This was due primarily to an increase in personnel;
costs incurred for clinical trials necessary to support or our de novo FDA submission; and product design, testing, and manufacturing
scale-up related to our Symphony device and cartridges. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses increased
approximately 3.0 million, or 166 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily attributable
to administrative costs necessary to operate as a public company, totaling approximately 1.6 million. In addition, employee compensation
and benefits increased by 1.3 million due to an increase in personnel. 

28 

Marketing and Business Development 

Marketing and business development expenses increased approximately
 162,000, or 56 , for year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to pre-launch activities,
including the attendance of various industry conferences in 2022 introducing our Symphony platform to the market. 

Total Other Income (Expense), net 

Total other income (expense) increased approximately
 279,000, or 108 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase primarily related to income earned under the
agreement with NanoHybrids, as discussed in Note 11, partially offset by an impairment charge recognized in September 2022 of 210,000
related to certain Allereye research and development equipment. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since our inception, we have financed our operations
primarily through proceeds from our IPO, debt financings, private placements, interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents, and
grants. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 10.1 million. As of February
28, 2023 , we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 7.6 million. 

Primary Sources of and Uses of Cash 

The following table sets forth the primary sources
and uses of cash and cash equivalents for each of the periods presented. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash proceeds provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (7,741,593 
 (4,366,758 
 
 Investing activities 
 (1,199,270 
 (23,947 
 
 Financing activities 
 8,075 
 22,526,122 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (8,932,788 
 18,135,417 

Net cash used in operating activities 

During 2022, we used 7.7 million in cash for operating activities,
an increase of 3.4 million from 2021. The increase in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to increases in personnel
costs, product development costs, and expenses incurred for public company operations. 

Net cash used in investing activities 

During 2022, we used 1.2 million in cash for
investing activities, a 1.2 million increase from 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the purchase
of lab and manufacturing equipment to support the development of the Symphony product line. 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

During 2022, we generated 8,000 in cash from
financing activities, as compared to approximately 22.5 million in 2021. The 22.5 million decrease was primarily due to our IPO in November
2021, which provided net proceeds of 18.9 million. Additionally in 2021, we received 4.5 million from the issuance of convertible
debentures, offset by issuance costs of approximately 563,000. 

29 

Contractual Obligations 

See Note 12 to consolidated financial statements
for our lease obligations and Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for our other non-cancellable contractual obligations. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

We had cash and cash equivalents of 10.1 million
at December 31, 2022. We continue to develop the Symphony device and its first cartridge for the measurement of IL-6. We remain committed
to obtaining FDA clearance and have expanded clinical trials to obtain additional data to support our de novo FDA submission, while
also continuing to build our manufacturing operations with our CMOs. Current cash resources and expected operating expenses are considered
in determining our liquidity requirement; as well as 1.6 million of current liabilities on our balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and
capital commitments of approximately 2 million during 2023 (see Notes 12 and 13). As of the filing of this report, we expect to need
additional capital to fund our planned operations for the next twelve months. 

We may seek to raise such additional capital through
public or private equity offerings, grant financing and support from governmental agencies, convertible debt, collaborations, strategic
alliances and distribution arrangements. Additional funds may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or
at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay or reduce the scope of our research or development programs,
our commercialization efforts or our manufacturing commitments and capacity. In addition, if we raise additional funds through collaborations,
strategic alliances or distribution arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to its technologies or
future revenue streams. 

If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to raise
additional capital, based on our current and expected levels of operating expenses, our current capital will not be sufficient to fund
our operations for the next twelve months. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Recent Financings 

Convertible Debentures 

On June 8, 2021, we entered into an agreement
to issue a total of 4.5 million of 7.5 Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (the Convertible Debentures to Sabby
Volatility Master Fund, Ltd Sabby ), of which 3.0 million of the Convertible Debentures were issued at closing and
 1.5 million in principal amount of the Convertible Debentures were issued in August 2021. 

Initial Public Offering 

We completed our IPO on November 10, 2021, whereby
we sold 2,160,000 Units at a price of 10.00, with each Unit consisting of one share of common stock, one warrant to purchase one share
of common stock at an exercise price of 7.00 per share Class A Warrant ), and one warrant to purchase one share of common
stock at an exercise price of 10.00 Class B Warrant (collectively, a Unit ). Each warrant contained within
the Units is exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the IPO Date, however, holders of Class B Warrants may exercise such warrants
on a cashless basis after the earlier of: (i) 10 trading days from closing date of the offering, or (ii) the time when 10.0
million of volume is traded in our common stock, if the volume weighted average price of our common stock on any trading day on or after
the closing date of the offering fails to exceed the exercise price of the Class B Warrants (subject to adjustments as described in the
warrant agreement). Additionally, the underwriter of the IPO exercised their overallotment option, solely with respect to the Class A
Warrants and Class B Warrants, shortly after the IPO Date, which resulted in an additional issuance of 324,000 Class A Warrants and 324,000
Class B Warrants. The gross proceeds from the IPO were approximately 21.6 million and were offset by 2.8 million in offering costs. 

30 

Indemnification 

We have certain agreements with service providers
with which we do business that contain indemnification provisions pursuant to which we typically agree to indemnify the party against
certain types of third-party claims. We accrue for known indemnification issues when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
We would also accrue for estimated incurred but unidentified indemnification issues based on historical activity. As we have not incurred
any indemnification losses to date, there were no accruals for or expenses related to indemnification issues for any period presented. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Some of our critical accounting policies require
us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates. An accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both
of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting
estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely
to occur from period to period may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition
or results of operations. 

As an emerging growth company, we have elected
to opt-in to the extended transition period for new or revised accounting standards. As a result, our consolidated financial statements
may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Our stock-based compensation expense for stock
awards is estimated at the grant date based on the award s fair value as determined by the consideration received or as calculated
by the Black-Scholes option pricing model, whichever is more readily measurable. The Black-Scholes pricing model requires various highly
judgmental assumptions including expected volatility and expected term. The expected volatility is based on the historical stock volatilities
of several similar public companies over a period equal to the expected terms of the awards as we do not have a sufficient trading history
to use the volatility of our own common stock. To estimate the expected term, we have opted to use the simplified method, which uses of
the midpoint of the vesting term and the contractual term. We recognize the compensation cost of share-based awards on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period, however, for stock awards for which vesting is subject to performance based milestones,
the expense is recorded over the implied service period after the point when the achievement of the milestone is probable, or the performance
condition has been achieved. If any of the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes pricing model changes significantly, stock-based compensation
expense may differ materially in the future from that recorded in the current period 

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 

See Note 2 to consolidated financial statements
(under the caption Recently Issued Accounting Standards ). 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

See Note 2 to consolidated financial statements
(under the caption Recently Issued Accounting Standards ). 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Information requested by this Item is not applicable
as we are electing scaled disclosure requirements available to Smaller Reporting Companies with respect to this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements and The
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in this Form 10-K on pages F-1
through F-21. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

31 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal
executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control Integrated Framework.
Based on that assessment and using the COSO criteria, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that,
as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for as long as we are an
 emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations of Controls 

Management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls
also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this item is hereby
incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item is hereby
incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item is hereby
incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities (by class) remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 719,835 
 1.96 
 1,601,990 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 559,599 
 4.20 
 - 

(1) Represents shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and rights under our 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan and
2021 Stock Plan (the 2021 Plan ). Both plans permit the Company to grant incentive and nonqualified stock options for the
purchase of common stock, and restricted stock awards. The maximum number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2018
Plan and 2021 Plan are 629,440 and 1,960,000, respectively. At December 31, 2022 there were 262,269 and 1,339,721 shares of common stock
available for grant under the 2018 Plan and 2021 Plan, respectively. 

(2) Consists of warrants issued to
placement agents, underwriters and consultants. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item is hereby
incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item is hereby
incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

33 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements See
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Part II, Item 8 on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

(2) All financial statement schedules
have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the information is included elsewhere in the financial statements
or the Notes thereto. 

(3) See the accompanying Index to
Exhibits filed as a part of this Form 10-K, which list is incorporated by reference in this Item. 

(b) See the accompanying Index to Exhibits filed
as a part of this Form 10-K. 

(c) Other schedules are not applicable. 

34 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Class A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41031), filed on November 16, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Class B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of IPO Underwriters Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Securities of Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 10.1 
 
 2021 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 License and Supply Agreement, dated October 6, 2020, by and between Toray Industries, Inc. and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, between Neil Dey and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, between Gordon Kinder and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, between Jason Cook and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, between Kevin Vance and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 7, 2021, between certain purchasers and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 7, 2021, between certain purchasers and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment to License and Supply Agreement, dated July 21, 2021, by and between Toray Industries, Inc. and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 27, 2023, between Neil Dey and Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41031), filed on January 27, 2023). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260029), filed on October 4, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

Management
contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requ irements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 20, 2023. 

Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Neil Dey 

Neil Dey 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Neil Dey 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Neil Dey 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Kenneth Fisher 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Kenneth Fisher 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Douglas C. Wurth 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Douglas C. Wurth 

/s/
 Donald R. Chase 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Donald R. Chase 

/s/ Svetlana
 Dey 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Svetlana Dey 

/s/ Fred
 S. Zeidman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 
 
 Fred S. Zeidman 

/s/
 Gary Gemignani 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Gary Gemignani 

36 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements in Redeemable Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bluejay Diagnostics,
Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements
(collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Uncertainty Relating to Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred net losses since its inception, and has negative cash flows from operations and will need additional funding to complete planned
development efforts. This raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard
to these matters also are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Wolf Company, P.C. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 

Mar ch 20, 20 23 

F- 2 

Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Operating lease liability, current 
 
 -

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, non-current 
 
 -

Other non-current liabilities 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 13) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 
 -

Cost of sales 
 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 -

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Marketing and business development 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, net of amortization of premium 
 -

Impairment of property and equipment 
 
 -

State grant income 
 -

Other income, net 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

Net loss per share - Basic and diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. 

Statements of Changes in Redeemable Preferred
Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Redeemable,
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Additional 
 
 Total Stockholder s 

Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31,
 2020 

- 

Exercise of common stock warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Accretion of redeemable,
 convertible preferred stock to redemption value 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of convertible
 debentures into Series D preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of redeemable,
 convertible preferred stock into common stock 

- 

Fair value of warrants issued
 for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued
 to placement agent in relation to the Convertible debentures 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Amended 2017
 Convertible Notes into common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Reclassification of Series
 B Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock
 from exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock in initial public offering, net of offering costs of 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock
 from exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Impact of adoption of ASC 842 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Exercise of common stock
 Series B Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Impairment of property and equipment 
 
 -

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 
 -

Issuance of warrants for service 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of note payable, Paycheck Protection Program 
 -

Non-cash interest expense 
 -

Gain on revaluation of derivative warrant liability 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Due to related party 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments of principal on notes payable 
 -

Payments of convertible debenture issuance costs 
 -

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of offering costs 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debentures 
 -

Payments on note payable, Paycheck Protection Program 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants 
 -

Payments of deferred offering costs 
 
 -

Payment of finance lease 
 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION AND NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Interest paid 

Accretion of Series A redeemable, convertible preferred stock dividend 
 -

Accretion of Series A redeemable, convertible preferred stock issuance costs and fair value adjustment 
 -

Accretion of Series B redeemable, convertible preferred stock dividend 
 -

Accretion of Series B redeemable, convertible preferred stock issuance costs 
 -

Accretion of Series C redeemable, convertible preferred stock dividend 
 -

Accretion of Series C redeemable, convertible preferred stock issuance costs 
 -

Exercise of warrants through debt principal conversion 
 -

Conversion of convertible debentures into preferred stock 
 -

Conversion of preferred stock into common stock 
 -

Conversion of amended 2017 convertible notes 
 -

Reclassification of derivative warrant liability into additional paid-in capital 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued to placement agent in relation to the Convertible debentures 
 -

Fair value of warrants for common stock issued for services 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued to underwriters 
 -

Liabilities incurred for the purchase of property and equipment 
 
 -

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

for the previous 30 consecutive business days
and that the Company therefore is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The notification has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company intends to take all reasonable measures available to achieve compliance and allow for continued
listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the minimum
bid price requirement or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria. 

million at December
31, 2022. It continues to develop the Symphony device and its first test for the measurement of IL-6. It remains committed to obtaining
FDA clearance and has expanded clinical trials to obtain additional data to support its de novo FDA submission, while also continuing
to build its manufacturing operations with its CMOs. Current cash resources and expected operating expenses are considered in determining
its liquidity requirement; as well as million of current liabilities on its balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and capital commitments
of approximately million during 2023 (see Notes 12 and 13). Given the Company s current plans, the Company estimates cash resources
will be sufficient to fund its operations through the fourth quarter of 2023. The Company will need additional capital to fund its planned
operations for the next 12 months. 

shares of common stock for every share of common stock. This stock dividend was deemed
a large stock dividend and was treated as a 1-for-3.15 stock split. The common stock shares and per share amounts (other than authorized
shares) in these consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividend for
all periods presented. 

F- 8 

F- 9 

and capitalized in
property and equipment related to pre-production molds and tooling related to the Symphony device. 

F- 10 

Warrants for common stock 

Class A Warrants for common stock 

Class B Warrants for common stock 

F- 11 

as of January
1, 2022. The new standard did not materially impact the Company s consolidated statements of operations or cash flows. 

each, both of which were made in 2021. In addition, following the first sale of the Cartridges after
regulatory approval, the Company will make royalty payments to Toray equal to of the net sales of the Cartridges for the period that
any underlying patents exist or after the first sale. Following the first sale after obtaining regulatory approval, the Company
will make minimum annual royalty payments of for the first year and for each year thereafter, which shall be creditable
against any royalties owed to Toray in such calendar year. There were no sales of or revenues from the Cartridges during the 12-month
periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 12 

Units. The Company defaulted on certain Notes issued in 2017 with aggregate principal amount of in January
2021. On February 17, 2021, the Company repaid in cash in principal and in accrued interest on the Notes. On May 26, 2021,
the remaining Notes of were amended and restated (the Amended Notes ). The Amended Notes accrue no interest and
were due in May 2023. On June 8, 2021, the Amended Notes were automatically convertible into shares of common stock at the conversion
rate of per share upon the issuance by the Company of securities to Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd Sabby (the Sabby Agreement ). The amendment and subsequent conversion of the Notes was accounted for as the debt settlement in
equity under ASC 470-60 Troubled Debt Restructurings by Debtors . The Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of , equal
to the difference between the carrying amount of the Amended Notes at the conversion date, totaling , and the fair value of the
common stock shares issued to the noteholders of . This gain on extinguishment is included in other income on the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the interest expense on the Notes was
 . 

. The premium is amortized over the term of the Notes. As a
result of the event of default in January 2021 and the Notes becoming due on demand, the Company accelerated the amortization of the premium
and discount and amortized the remaining balances during the three-month period ended March 31, 2021. The Company recognized the amortization
of the premium of as a reduction to non-cash interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. The premium amortization
was included within interest income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

in issuance costs of which was recorded as a discount on the Notes and is being amortized over the term
of the Notes. The remaining was netted with the proceeds allocated to Series A (see Note 7). The Company recognized the amortization
of the discount of as non-cash interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. The discount amortization was included
in the interest income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

in subordinated promissory notes Subordinated Notes to the Company s stockholders, including to
Lana Management and Business Research International, LLC LMBRI ). The Subordinated Notes accrued interest at payable
at each quarter end and had a maturity date of March 31, 2021. The Company defaulted on the Subordinated Notes on March 31, 2021, and
the Subordinated Notes started to accrue penalty interest starting on the date of default. For the year ended December 31, 2021 interest
expense on the Subordinated Notes was . In conjunction with the issuance of the Subordinated Notes, the Company issued to each noteholder
warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock Subordinated Note Warrants totaling Common Stock
Warrants, of which were issued to LMBRI. The allocation of the proceeds to the Subordinated Note Warrants resulted in a discount
to the Subordinated Notes of . The Company amortized this discount through non-cash interest expense using the effective interest
method, of which was amortized during the year ended December 31, 2021, and included in the interest income (expense) in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

in principal of the Subordinated Notes elected to exercise their warrants into shares of common stock, with the principal from
the Subordinated Notes applied to the exercise price of the warrants. The remaining principal amount of the Subordinated Notes
was repaid in cash in 2021. 

principal amount of debentures, of which upon execution of the agreement and the remaining within
three trading days of the later of (i) the date that the Company files the Registration Statement with the SEC and (ii) the date that
the Company files the registration statement registering the shares of common stock to be issued in the IPO. 

F- 13 

of Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (the Convertible Debentures to Sabby. On August 4,
2021, the Company issued an additional of Convertible Debentures upon the filing of a registration statement in connection
to the IPO, which was filed on July 22, 2021. The Convertible Debentures principal amount was convertible, at the holder s
option, into the Company s Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (Series D) at conversion price per share. The Convertible
Debenture was automatically converted into Series D upon the effectiveness of an IPO. For the year ended December 31, 2021, interest expense
on the Convertible Debentures was . 

in issuance
costs consisting of cash payments and warrants (the Dawson Warrants issued to the placement agent for compensation
for their services in relation to the issuance of the Convertible Debentures. The Dawson Warrants are exercisable after May 10, 2022 at
the exercise price of per share of common stock and have a -year term. The Dawson Warrants were accounted for as equity under ASC
815 Derivatives and Hedging , and the grant date fair value was estimated to be using Black-Scholes option pricing
model and is included in issuance costs related to the Convertible Debentures. 

of amortization of the
discount during the year ended December 31, 2021, which was included within interest income (expense) in the consolidated statement of
operations. The remaining of unamortized discount was credited to the capital accounts at the time of conversion. 

Class A Warrants 

Class B Warrants 

1 

- 
 
 Dividend rate 

Volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected life (in years) 

F- 14 

shares of the Company s common stock (the Advisor Warrants as consideration
for services in connection with the IPO. The warrants are exercisable at any time from the issuance date at the exercise price of 
per share of common stock, subject to adjustment based on the amounts raised in the IPO, and have a -year term. These warrants were accounted
for as equity and the grant date fair value was estimated to be and were netted against the IPO proceeds. The terms of the advisory
services agreement also provide for an incentive bonus of payable upon closing of the IPO if such a closing occurs on or before
January 31, 2022. This amount was netted against the IPO proceeds. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of the Advisor Warrants remained
outstanding. 

warrants (the Underwriter Warrants with an exercise price of , and a fair value of approximately ,
to the underwriter of the IPO which is in addition to the cash fees paid for underwriting the Company s IPO. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, all of the Underwriter Warrants remained outstanding. 

warrants (the Subordinated Note Warrants to the noteholders,
of which were issued to LMBRI (see Note 4). In November 2021, the terms of some of the Subordinated Note Warrants were amended
to provide for cashless exercise. During 2021, of the Subordinated Note Warrants were exercised. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, of the Subordinated Note Warrants were outstanding. 

Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants. Additionally, the underwriter
of the IPO exercised their overallotment option, solely with respect to the Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants, shortly after the IPO
Date resulting in an additional issuance of Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants. From the net IPO proceeds, 
and , respectively, were apportioned to the Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants. 

share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 all Class A Warrants were
outstanding. 

share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. During 2022 and 2021, respectively, and Class B Warrants were exercised,
all on a cashless basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and Class B Warrants were outstanding. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and are now
reflected as common stock warrants in the table of outstanding warrants above. The Amended Series B Warrants were accounted for as equity
and reclassified from liabilities into additional paid-in capital at the fair value determined as of the amendment date of . 

F- 15 

- 
 
 Dividend rate 

Volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

shares of Series A. The allocation of proceeds from the Financing was based on the relative fair
values of the Notes and Series A resulting in the Series A being recorded at , net of of issuance costs. Series A were
being accreted to the redemption value through December 31, 2021, the redemption date. Accretion of Series A to redemption value, including
the accretion of dividends and issuance costs, was for year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of Series B plus the committed future issuance of of additional shares (the
 Series B Financing ). The Series B Financing also resulted in the issuance of a total of warrants (the Series
B Warrants ). Series B were subject to accretion to the redemption value through the redemption date. Accretion of Series B to redemption
value, including the accretion of dividends and issuance costs, was for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of Series C at a purchase price of per
share. Proceeds from the Series C Financing, net of issuance costs, were . Series C were being accreted to the redemption value
through December 31, 2021, the redemption date. Accretion of Series C to redemption value, including the accretion of dividends and issuance
costs, was for the year December 31, 2021. 

shares of common stock, Series B were converted into 
shares of common stock, and Series C were converted into shares of common stock. The conversion was affected through the joint
consent of the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders and was subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Certificates
of Designation. As a result of the conversion, the temporary equity balances at the conversion date were reclassified into the stockholders 
equity. 

shares of Series D convertible
preferred stock Series D ). In connection with the IPO, all of the outstanding Convertible Debentures automatically converted
into shares of Series D on the IPO Date. In November 2021, all Series D was converted into shares of common stock. There
were no Series D outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

.
At December 31, 2022 there were shares of common stock available for grant under the 2018 Plan. 

shares of common stock were approved to be initially reserved for issuance under the 2021 Stock Plan. At December 31, 2022 there
were shares of common stock available for grant under the 2021 Plan. 

F- 16 

Vested 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled and forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

per share and per share, respectively. The
Company calculated the grant-date fair value of stock option awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 using the
Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: 

Expected dividend yield 

Volatility factor 

Expected life of option (in years) 

General and administrative 

Marketing and business development 

Total stock-based compensation 

F- 17 

of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of years. At December 31, 2022, there was approximately of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested
restricted stock awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

monthly for these expenses through December 31, 2021. On January 1, 2022,
the Company moved into its own leased facility and no longer shared expenses with LMBRI Such amounts are included in general and administrative
expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company also issued Subordinated Notes and Warrants to LMBRI in
October 2020 as described in Note 4. 

Expense Sharing Agreement payments to LMBRI 
 -

Amounts payable to LMBRI 

Interest Incurred and Payments on Subordinated Notes to LMBRI (Note 4) 
 -

. NanoHybrids is wholly owned by the
Company s Chief Technology Officer. The table below summarizes the amounts earned and due from NanoHybrids for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 and balances due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

-

Cash receipts from NanoHybrids 
 
 -

-

, all of which was paid in June 2022. Future sales to Toray are not currently
anticipated. 

F- 18 

Prepaid clinical trial expenses 
 -

Vendor prepayments 

Prepaid other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 
 - years 

Software 
 years 

Lab equipment 
 - years 

Leasehold improvements 

-

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Weighted average remaining lease term finance leases (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

F- 19 

Finance lease asset included in property equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Current portion of finance lease liability included in accrued expenses 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current finance lease liabilities included in other non-current liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 -

Total future lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liability 

in goods, of which
 was prepaid in 2022. No goods have been received under this arrangement as of December 31, 2022. 

. 

. 

There were no sales of or revenues from the Cartridges through December 31, 2022. 

F- 20 

Tax credits 

Intangible assets 

Capitalized R D expenses 
 
 -

Fixed assets 
 
 -

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 
 -

Net deferred tax assets 
 -

State income taxes, net of federal benefit and tax credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent differences 

Effective tax rate 

million and and during 2022 and 2021, respectively, related mainly to a full valuation
allowance recorded against capitalized research expenditures, additional net operating losses and tax credits generated in the year. 

million. The Company s federal net operating losses incurred
prior to 2018 totaling expire through 2037, while its federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 to 2022 totaling million
can be carried forward indefinitely. 

million that can generally be carried forward years and will expire
at various dates through 2042. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had post-apportioned Massachusetts net operating losses of 
million that can generally be carried forward years and will expire at various dates through 2041. 

years; both using a midyear convention. The Company
has implemented this standard on January 1, 2022, noting that the impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements was
immaterial. 

F-21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_bluejaydiag.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Neil Dey, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Neil Dey 

Neil Dey 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_bluejaydiag.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Kenneth Fisher, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kenneth Fisher 

Kenneth Fisher 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_bluejaydiag.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Bluejay Diagnostics,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Neil Dey, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Neil Dey 

Neil Dey 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_bluejaydiag.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Bluejay Diagnostics,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kenneth Fisher, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kenneth Fisher 

Kenneth Fisher 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bjdx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bjdx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bjdx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bjdx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bjdx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

