<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1467761_0001493152-23-010335.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6680394</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>236758</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1165336</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2087524</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1340330</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1679800</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010335.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010335
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MINIM, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467761
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				042621506
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37649
		FILM NUMBER:		23788325

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		848 ELM STREET
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-966-4646

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		848 ELM STREET
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Zoom Telephonics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010335.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from: _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 Name
 of Exchange on which Registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Based
on the closing price as of June 30, 2022, which was the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant was million. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value, as of March 29, 2023 was 
shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 32 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 33 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 33 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 34 
 
 Signatures 
 37 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations , as well as information contained in Risk Factors in Item 1A and elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We intend that these forward-looking statements be
subject to the safe harbors created by those provisions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as
 may, will, should, could, would, expects, 
 plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, projects, 
 predicts, potential and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, to continue as a going concern uncertainties, and other factors
that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements
other than historical facts are forward-looking statements for purposes of these provisions, including, but not
limited to, any projections of earnings, revenues or other financial terms, any statements of plans or objectives of management for
future operations, any statements regarding COVID-19, any statements concerning proposed new products or licensing or collaborative
arrangements, any statements regarding future economic or performance, any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our future financial results include, but are
not limited to, risks associated with: 

our
 ability to predict revenue and reduce costs related to our products or service offerings; 

our
 ability to effectively manage our sales channel inventory and product mix to reduce excess inventory and lost sales; 

our
 ability to forecast product sales volumes and accordingly manufacture and manage inventory; 

our
 ability to generate sales of Motorola brand products sufficient to make that portion of our business profitable, and retain the Motorola
 brand license for the Motorola brand product we produce; 

our
 business, financial condition and results of operations have been, and could in the future be, materially adversely affected by the
 ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or future pandemics. 

our
 ability to raise substantial additional capital to finance our planned operations and to continue as a going concern. 

fluctuations
 in the level or quality of inventory; 

the
 sufficiency of our capital resources and the availability of debt and equity financing; 

potential
 costs and senior management distraction associated with patent-related legal proceedings; 

our
 reliance on a limited number of customers, traditional and online retailers and distributors for a large portion of our revenue; 

the
 effect of changes in cable service providers pricing policies when customers supply their own modem; 

product
 liability claims related to consumer-grade home security and monitoring products could harm our competitive position, results of
 operation and financial condition; 

the
 effect of competing technologies and the potential decline in the demand for our products; 

our
 reliance on sole-sourced manufacturers and component producers for a substantial percentage of our products; 

the
 continuing impact of uncertain global economic conditions on the demand for our products; 

the
 impact of geopolitical instability on our business; 

fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates that may adversely affect our business; 

3 

capacity
 constraints in our Mexican operations could impact sales and hurt customer relationships; 

our
 reliance on an outsourcing partner in Mexico; 

our
 ability to succeed in the competitive home networking market; 

the
 development of new competitive technologies, products and services to meet customer demand; 

our
 ability to succeed in markets outside the United States (U.S.); 

our
 product quality, including any undetected hardware or software defects; 

our
 ability to maintain and scale adequate and secure software platform infrastructure; 

our
 ability to predict return rates and manage product returns; 

our
 ability to produce sufficient quantities of quality products due to reliance on third party manufacturers; 

the
 impact of long lead times for our products and the components used in our products; 

the
 impact of competition on demand for our products and services; 

the
 impact of changes in environmental and other regulations on our ability to obtain necessary certifications for our products and services; 

changes
 in laws or governmental regulations and industry standards impacting our products; 

our
 reliance on the continued service of key employees; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property and to operate without infringing the intellectual property of others. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are reasonable, any of the
assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore there can be no assurance that such statements will be accurate. The risks, uncertainties
and assumptions referred to above that could cause our results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A hereto and
the risks, uncertainties and assumptions discussed from time to time in our other public filings and public announcements. All forward-looking
statements included in this document are based on information available to us as of the date hereof. In light of the significant uncertainties
inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation
by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Furthermore,
past performance in operations and share price is not necessarily indicative of future performance. We disclaim any intention or obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

As
used in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our, Minim and the
 Company mean Minim, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

4 

PART
I 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Minim
was founded in 1977 as a networking company and now delivers intelligent software to protect and improve the WiFi connections we depend
on to work, learn, and live. Headquartered in Manchester, New Hampshire, Minim holds the exclusive global license to design, manufacture,
and sell consumer networking products under the Motorola brand. Our cable and WiFi products, with an intelligent operating system and
bundled mobile app, can be found in leading retailers and e-commerce channels in the United States U.S. ). Our AI-driven
cloud software platform and applications make network management and security simple for home and business users, as well as the service
providers that assist them leading to higher customer satisfaction and decreased support burden. 

Our
mission is to make WiFi safe and supportive for everyone. We believe that to do this, we must develop and distribute connectivity software
that delivers frequent network security updates, helpful apps, extensive personalization options, and a delightful interface. As people
increasingly depend on their WiFi for streaming, working, learning, telemedicine, education, and potentially the Metaverse, our primary
objective is to leverage trends and build upon our position as a leading provider of intelligent networking products. We can accomplish
this by innovating advanced products with the latest connectivity standards and expanding our footprint both nationally and globally
via top retailers, e-commerce platforms, and app stores. 

As
Minim has been investing in WiFi software development, cable modem products, including both cable modems and cable modem/routers gateways ),
were Minim s highest revenue product category between 2015 through 2022. Cable modems provide a high-bandwidth connection to the
Internet through a cable service provider s managed broadband network. Minim began shipping cable modems in 2000 and acquired a
geographically-restricted license to sell Motorola-branded cable networking products in 2016. From 2016 through 2021, the Company sold
networking products under its previously-owned ZOOM trademark as well as the Motorola brand. Minim s primary means of distribution
to end-users in the U.S., our primary market, is through national retailers, e-commerce platforms, and distributors. In response to demand
for faster connection speeds, security by design, and increased functionality, we have invested and continue to invest resources to advance
our cable modem product line. 

5 

Strategy
Overview 

Our
strategy is to address the increasing demands of broadband users with advanced technology and build upon our position as a leading home
networking product supplier in many of the largest U.S. high-volume retailers. The key pillars to our strategy are as follows: 

Distribute
high-margin software Our cloud-based software is currently a companion to home networking equipment and has the
potential to be distributed on its own. We are focused on transforming our established hardware sales into a platform for software distribution
and have an ambitious roadmap to make it so much more. We believe quality WiFi software is a profit driver, lending to higher Average
Selling Prices (ASPs) and the ability to form a lasting relationship with an end user for product upsells. In addition, our APIs allow
third-party hardware vendors and ISPs to leverage Minim in their own products. 

Customer-driven
design With continued investment in warranties and omni-channel customer service, we see our direct and frequent connection
to end users as a market advantage that informs our product roadmap. The Company continues to invest in research and development with
the latest connectivity standards such as DOCSIS 3.1, WiFi 6 and 6E, EasyMesh, and 5G to design advanced products while
optimizing costs to maintain a healthy, price segmented portfolio. In 2021, the Company brought firmware development in-house MinimOS to accelerate product time-to-market and improve Quality of Experience; as part of this, Minim is now part of the widely supported TIP
Open WiFi community. 

Expand
sales reach We maintain strong sales channel relationships by delivering value-driven products in a way that complements,
not challenges, our resellers profitability. We believe this is a competitive edge that affords us wider access to the total addressable
market through both retailers and ISPs. As we invest in marketing and new product introductions to existing channels, we consider new
market entrances. 

Strengthen
supply chain resiliency The Company continues to adjust its manufacturing operations and delivery mechanisms to
reduce operational costs. We continue to build supply chain diversity to improve our operational resiliency to geopolitical, weather-related,
and market-based risks to our product supply. 

Products 

General 

We
are the creator of innovative Internet access products that dependably connect people to the information they need and the people they
love. Our hardware portfolio includes: cable modems, cable modem/routers, mobile broadband modems, wireless routers, Multimedia over
Coax Alliance (MoCA) adapters, and mesh home networking devices. Our SaaS platform includes: mobile applications, a web application,
API suites, and an open-source embedded agent for networking devices. 

We
have sold home networking products under the globally-recognized Motorola brand, as well as under our previously owned ZOOM trademark.
Our hardware and SaaS products are purchased by consumers to support and protect their family s connected devices; ISPs to reduce
support costs and increase revenue with digitally transformed support and value-added services; and by businesses to affordably support
and secure satellite and remote worker networks. 

The 2020 License Agreement applies to a wide
range of products, including consumer grade cellular modems and gateways, DSL modems and gateways, and MoCA adapters for networking and
home security products and services. In 2020, we extended our home networking product assortment with the launch of Motorola Mesh Router
Systems and have since grown our mesh product line to include five systems including the latest generation of WiFi 6E technology. In
total our catalog of hardware products has expanded to over twenty four home networking devices. In that same year, we started to enable
our hardware with our Minim OS software, branded under the name Moto-Sync and providing consumers a whole home network solution. 

6 

Home
Networking Hardware 

Our
networking hardware products connect homes and small offices to the Internet, create wireless networks, and extend the wireless signal.
These products are now primarily available through retail and e-commerce channels in the U.S. 

Modems
 and Modem/Routers Gateways ), which are devices that convert cable service into Internet connectivity for ethernet-only
 connection (modems) or ethernet and wireless connections (modem/routers). Minim s primary cable modem sales from 2016 through
 2021 were of Motorola brand products. We have obtained CableLabs certification for our currently marketed cable modems, and
 these cable modems have also received a number of cable service provider certifications . Required by most service providers
 for interoperability on their networks, all modem and modem/router products must pass this lengthy, expensive, and technically challenging
 certification process. Minim plans to extend its DOCSIS 3.1 product line, adding high-performance modem/routers including WiFi 6
 and mesh-capable routers. 

Routers
 and Mesh Systems, which are devices that create WiFi networks. Mesh WiFi systems extend the signal throughout a wider area than
 a single router can typically cover. In 2020, Minim launched its first mesh WiFi system and plans to extend its mesh and router portfolio
 with WiFi 6 and WiFi 6E capabilities. 

Other
 Local Area Network Products, which are devices that create, extend, or enhance a Local Access Network. Minim currently offers
 MoCA adapters, which provides an Ethernet connection over coaxial cable between a MoCA-capable router and connected devices. 

SaaS 

The
Minim SaaS platform offers three core software components: 

Minim
 mobile application for end users to personalize and monitor their home and office network with features such as speed testing,
 data usage tracking, security alerts, malware blocking, privacy settings, parental controls. 

Minim
 web application that enables technical support representatives in ISPs and businesses to offer efficient remote support with
 network insights. 

Minim
 API suite and MinimOS for third-party hardware vendors, ISPs, and other partners to integrate with the Minim platform, leverage
 Minim functionality, and manage their own account data. A foundational component of our SaaS is an open-source embedded agent for
 integration with any third-party router firmware. 

Products
for Markets outside North America 

The
vast majority of our sales were in North America from 2015 through 2022 because the business predominantly sold cable modem and modem/router
products, and the U.S. is by far the largest market for cable modems sold through retailers. However, we expect to see growth outside
North America as we expand our customer base and portfolio of retail routers, mesh systems, and other local area network products under
our worldwide Motorola brand license. 

Networking
hardware products for countries outside the U.S. typically differ from a similar product for the U.S. because of varied regulatory and
certification requirements, country-specific phone jacks and AC power adapters, and language needs. As a result, the introduction of
new products into markets outside North America can incur significant costs and time to market. We have planned product line enhancements
to enable new market expansion. Most importantly for sales outside the U.S., we are working toward selling Motorola brand home networking
hardware and SaaS products in Canada and Mexico. 

Sales
Channels 

General 

We
sell our products primarily through high-volume retailers and distributors B2C ), Internet service providers, individual
businesses B2B ), service providers, value-added resellers, PC system integrators, and Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ). We support our major accounts in their efforts to discern strategic directions in the market, to maintain appropriate
inventory levels, and to offer a balanced selection of attractive products. 

7 

Relatively
few customers account for a substantial portion of the Company s revenues. In 2022, two customers accounted for 10 or greater
individually, and 87 in the aggregate of the Company s total net sales. At December 31, 2022, two customers with an accounts receivable
balance of 10 or greater individually accounted for a combined 75 of the Company s accounts receivable. In 2021, two customers
accounted for 10 or greater individually, and 92 in the aggregate of the Company s total net sales. At December 31, 2021, four
customers with an accounts receivable balance of 10 or greater individually accounted for a combined 86 of the Company s accounts
receivable. 

Distributors
and Retailers outside North America 

In
markets outside North America we sell and ship our hardware products primarily to distributors. Our SaaS is globally sold via licenses
to ISPs and Resellers globally. We believe that sales growth outside North America will continue to require substantial additional investments
of resources for product design and testing, regulatory certifications, native-language instruction manuals and software, packaging,
sales support, and technical support. We have made this investment in the past for many countries, and we expect to make this investment
for some countries and products in the future. However, we anticipate that the majority of sales in the next two years will come from
North America, partly because the U.S. is one of the few countries with a robust retail cable modem market due to Federal regulations
in the U.S. As we expand our product portfolio beyond cable modems and through Reseller relationships, we envision the proportion of
our sales from countries outside the U.S. will increase. 

North
American High-volume Retailers and Distributors 

In
North America, we reach the retail market primarily through high-volume retailers. Our North American retailers include Best Buy, Micro
Center, Target, Wal-Mart, and e-tail and e-commerce platforms including Amazon. 

We
sell significant quantities of our products through distributors, who often sell to corporate accounts, retailers, service providers,
value-added resellers, equipment manufacturers, and other customers. Our North American distributors include D H Distributing and
Summit Growth Partners. 

Internet
Service Providers Businesses 

Minim
works with over 140 ISPs and businesses with its subscription-based WiFi management and security software. Our solution enables challenger
ISPs to better compete in the market with a premium WiFi solution while lowering operational costs with support call and onsite visit
avoidance. For our business customers, our solution reduces the costs, deployment time, and risks to supporting and securing remote employee
and satellite office networks. We are empowering the IT staff of our business customers to secure and support employee home networks
and other small workspaces. Our customer base is primarily located in the US; however, we have customers all over the world, including
Canada, the UK, and South Africa. In October 2022, the Company announced that it will exit from its ISP related business to focus on
its core strategy. 

OEM
and Router Manufacturers 

Our
open-source embedded software agent enables third-party hardware vendors to integrate Minim in their networking devices, potentially
to create a recurring revenue stream with our software services. Our system integrator and OEM customers sell our products under their
own name or incorporate our products as a component of their systems. We seek to be responsive to the needs of these customers by providing
on-time delivery of high- quality, reliable, cost-effective products with strong engineering and sales support. 

Sales,
Marketing and Support 

In
North America, we sell our Motorola, and Minim products through a direct sales force and commissioned independent sales representatives
to retailers; through channel resellers; and through electronics distributors. 

We
believe that Motorola is a widely recognized brand name, and we build upon this brand equity in a variety of ways, including: Amazon
advertising, Google AdWords advertising, social media marketing and advertising, retailer cooperative advertising, product packaging,
trade shows, and public relations. We promote Minim brand awareness through similar means, as well as engaging in industry associations,
content marketing, outbound sales development, analyst briefings, and open-source project contributions. 

We
develop quality products that are user-friendly and are designed to require minimal support. We typically support our claims of quality
with product warranties of one to two years, depending upon the product. To address the needs of end-users and resellers who require
assistance, we have our own staff of technical support specialists. They provide telephone support six days per week in English and Spanish
and aim to continuously expand languages, availability, and support channels. Our technical support specialists also maintain a significant
Internet support facility that includes email, firmware and software downloads, and a digital knowledgebase. Worldwide technical support
is primarily handled from our Manchester, New Hampshire headquarters. 

8 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development efforts are focused on developing new products, enhancing the capabilities of existing products, and reducing
production costs. We have developed close collaborative relationships with certain of our Original Design Manufacturer ODM suppliers and component suppliers. We work with these partners and other sources to identify and respond to emerging technologies and
market trends by developing products that address these trends. We also develop all the hardware and firmware for certain products in-house,
including some cellular modems and some future cellular sensors. 

The
Company s research and development costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 5.8 million and 6.2 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, we had thirty-five employees engaged primarily in research and development. Our research and development team
performs hardware design and layout, mechanical design, prototype construction and testing, component specification, firmware and software
development, product testing, foreign and domestic regulatory certification efforts, end-user and internal documentation, and third-party
software selection and testing. 

Manufacturing
 Suppliers 

Our
products are currently designed for high-volume automated assembly to help assure reduced costs, rapid market entry, short lead times,
and reliability. High-volume assembly mostly occurs in Vietnam or China. Our contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers
typically obtain some or all of the components required to assemble the products based upon a Minim approved vendor list and parts list.
Our manufacturers typically insert parts onto the printed circuit board, with most parts automatically inserted by machine, solder the
circuit board, and test the completed assemblies. The contract manufacturer sometimes performs final packaging. For the U.S. and many
other markets, packaging is often performed at our facilities in North America, allowing us to tailor the packaging and its contents
for our customers immediately before shipping. This facility also performs warehousing, shipping, quality control, finishing and some
software updates from time to time. We also perform circuit design, circuit board layout, and strategic component sourcing at our Boston
area office. Wherever the product is built, our quality systems are used to help assure that the product meets our specifications. 

Our
North American facility is currently located in Tijuana, Mexico. From time to time, we experience certain challenges associated with
the Tijuana facility, specifically relating to bringing products across the border between the U.S. and Mexico. We believe that this
facility assists us in cost- effectively providing rapid response to the needs of our U.S. customers. 

Historically,
we have used one primary manufacturer for a given design. We sometimes maintain back-up production tooling at a second manufacturer for
our highest-volume products. Our manufacturers are normally adequate to meet reasonable and properly planned production needs; but a
fire, natural calamity, strike, financial problem, the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic or another significant event at an assembler s
facility could adversely affect our shipments and revenues. In 2022, two suppliers provided 93 of our purchased inventory. The loss
of these key suppliers, or a material adverse change in a key supplier s business or in our relationship with a key supplier, could
materially and adversely harm our business. 

Our
products include a large number of parts, most of which are available from multiple sources with varying lead times. However, most of
our products include a sole-sourced chipset as the most critical component of the product. The vast majority of our cable modem chipsets
come exclusively from Broadcom. Serious problems at Broadcom, including long chipset lead-times, would significantly reduce Minim s
shipments. Similar to many companies that use computer chips in their business, we also experienced supply chain issues in sourcing chips
due to chipset shortages during 2021 and 2022. There can be no assurance that we will not experience such issues in the future. 

We
have experienced delays in receiving shipments of essential integrated circuits in the past, and we may experience such delays in the
future. Moreover, we cannot assure that a chipset supplier will, in the future, sell chipsets to us in quantities sufficient to meet
our needs or that we will purchase the specified dollar amount of products necessary to receive concessions and incentives from a chipset
supplier. An interruption in a chipset supplier s ability to deliver chipsets, a failure of our suppliers to produce chipset enhancements
or new chipsets on a timely basis and at competitive prices, a material increase in the price of the chipsets, our failure to purchase
a specified dollar amount of products or any other adverse change in our relationship with modem component suppliers could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
are also subject to price fluctuations in our cost of goods. Our costs may increase if component shortages develop, lead-times stretch
out, fuel costs rise, or significant delays develop due to labor-related issues. 

We
are also subject to the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive RoHS and Consumer Electronics Control CEC rules, which affect component sourcing, product manufacturing, sales, and marketing. 

9 

Competition 

The
Internet access and networking industries are intensely competitive and characterized by aggressive pricing practices, continually changing
customer demand patterns, rapid technological advances, and emerging industry standards. These characteristics result in frequent introductions
of new products with added capabilities and features, and continuous improvements in the relative functionality and price of modems and
other communications products. Our operating results and our ability to compete could be adversely affected if we are unable to: 

successfully
 and accurately anticipate customer demand; 

manage
 our product transitions, inventory levels, and manufacturing processes efficiently; 

distribute
 or introduce our products quickly in response to customer demand and technological advances; 

differentiate
 our products from those of our competitors; or 

otherwise
 compete successfully in the markets for our products. 

Some
of our primary competitors by product group include the following: 

Cable
 modem and modem/router competitors: Belkin/Linksys, Commscope/Arris, D-Link, Hon Hai Network Systems (formerly Ambit Microsystems),
 Netgear, Sagemcom, Technicolor, TP-Link and Ubee Interactive. 

Router
 and mesh WiFi competitors: Amazon/Eero, Amped, Apple, Asus, Belkin/Linksys, D-Link, Google, Netgear, Securifi, Tenda, TP- Link,
 Trendnet, and Ubiquiti. 

WiFi
 Management and Security : AirTies, Cujo AI, Plume Design, SAM Seamless Network. 

Many
of our competitors and potential competitors have more extensive financial, engineering, product development, manufacturing, and marketing
resources than we do. 

The
principal competitive factors in our industry include the following: 

product
 performance, features, reliability and quality of service; 

price; 

brand
 image; 

product
 availability and lead times; 

size
 and stability of operations; 

breadth
 of product line; 

sales
 and distribution capability, including retailer and distributor relationships; 

technical
 support and service; 

product
 documentation and product warranties; 

relationships
 with providers of broadband access services; and 

certifications
 evidencing compliance with various requirements. 

10 

We
believe we are able to provide a competitive mix of the above factors for our products, particularly when they are sold through retailers,
computer product distributors, small to medium sized Internet service providers, and system integrators. We have been less successful
in selling directly to large telecommunication providers and other large providers of broadband access services. 

Successfully
penetrating the broadband modem market presents a number of challenges, including: 

the
 current limited retail market for broadband modems, as most consumer broadband users get their modem from their service provider; 

the
 relatively small number of cable, telecommunications and Internet service providers that make up the majority of the market for broadband
 modems in the U.S., our largest market; 

the
 significant bargaining power and market dominance of these large service providers; 

the
 time-consuming, expensive and uncertain certification processes of the various cable, mobile broadband service providers; and 

the
 strong relationships with service providers enjoyed by some incumbent equipment providers, including ARRIS for cable modems and Huawei
 for DSL and mobile broadband modems. 

Intellectual
Property Rights 

We
rely primarily on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and patents to protect our proprietary rights. We have trademarks
and copyrights for our firmware (software on a chip), printed circuit board artwork, instructions, packaging, and literature, and intelligent
software. We also have three active patents that expire in 2031. There cannot be any assurance that any patent application will be granted
or that any patent obtained will provide protection or be of commercial benefit to us, or that the validity of a patent will not be challenged.
Moreover, our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate and our competitors may independently develop comparable
or superior technologies. 

We
license certain technologies used in our products, typically rights to bundled software, on a non-exclusive basis. In addition, we purchase
chipsets that incorporate sophisticated technology. We have received, and may receive in the future, infringement claims from third parties
relating to our products and technologies. We investigate the validity of these claims and, if we believe the claims have merit, we respond
through licensing or other appropriate actions. Certain of these past claims have related to technology included in modem chipsets. We
forward these claims to the appropriate vendor. If we or our component manufacturers were unable to license necessary technology on a
cost-effective basis, we could be prohibited from marketing products containing that technology, incur substantial costs in redesigning
products incorporating that technology, or incur substantial costs defending any legal action taken against it. Where possible we attempt
to receive patent indemnification from chipset suppliers and other appropriate suppliers, but the extent of this coverage varies, and
enforcement of this indemnification may be difficult and costly. 

11 

Human
Capital 

Minim
is committed to attracting and retaining the brightest and best talent. Therefore, investing, developing, and maintaining human capital
is critical to our success. Our effectiveness in attracting, developing, engaging and retaining talented team members demonstrates our
commitment to providing a welcoming and safe workplace, with equitable compensation, benefits and opportunities for our team members
to continually grow and develop their careers within Minim. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Minim had 93 employees. Thirty-five employees were engaged in research and development and quality control. Twelve
employees were involved in operations, which manages production, inventory, purchasing, warehousing, freight, invoicing, shipping, collections,
and returns. Thirty employees were engaged in sales, marketing, and customer technical support. Eleven employees performed executive,
accounting, administrative, and management information systems functions. Our dedicated personnel in Tijuana, Mexico are employees of
our Mexican service provider and not included in our headcount. On December 31, 2022, Minim had five consultants, one in research and
development, one in operations, and three in sales and marketing, who are not included in our headcount. 

Our
culture and core values. We believe that by nurturing a strong culture based on our core values we are able to attract, hire, and
retain a highly engaged team. Our cultural pillars respect, transparency, community, accountability, collaboration reflect
the way we lead and work with one another internally as well as externally with our customers, partners, suppliers and other stakeholders.
We seek to embed our core values to act responsibly and with integrity, to instill a sense of individual role and purpose at Minim, and
to communicate openly and honestly. Our culture of respect and collaboration is intended to create an inclusive working environment and
inclusive engagement with our stakeholders; our culture to create encourages innovation from a diversity of experiences, backgrounds
and characteristics; and our culture to communicate encourages open and honest discussion. Everything we do, we do with a deep regard
for each other, our customers, and our shareholders. We show our respect for each customer s decision to welcome Minim into their
home by taking extra care to ensure our products make their connected homes safer and easier to use for life and work. 

Our
Board of Directors, through our Compensation Committee, provides oversight on employee matters. The Compensation Committee receives updates
on activities, strategies and initiatives related to our employees. 

We
are committed to diversity and inclusion as a core focus of our human capital strategy. We embrace differences, diversity and varying
perspectives amongst our employee base, and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religious
creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status,
sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, military or veteran status, sexual orientation or any other protected characteristic
established by federal, state or local laws. A diverse workforce, as well as an inclusive culture and work environment, are fundamentally
important and strategic to us, beginning with our Board of Directors and extending to all levels of the organization. 

Corporate
Information 

We
are incorporated in Delaware under the name Minim, Inc. Minim, Inc. was originally incorporated in New York in 1977 and changed its state
of incorporation to Delaware in 1993. Cadence Connectivity, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Minim, Inc., is a corporation organized
in Delaware. MTRLC LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Minim, Inc., is a limited liability company organized in Delaware that focuses on
the sale of our Motorola brand products. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol
MINM. Our principal executive offices are located at 848 Elm Street, Manchester, NH 03101, and our telephone number is (617) 423-1072.
Our main website is www.M inim .com . Information contained on our website does not constitute part of this report. Our annual reports
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports are available, free of charge,
on our website home page as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Copies of the materials filed by the Company with the SEC are also available
on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . A copy of our Code of Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at ir.Minim.com .
Any changes to or waiver from, this Code of Conduct and Ethics will be posted on that website. 

12 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may affect our ability to obtain future financing and may
require us to curtail or cease our operations. 

Our
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a
going concern. At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 530 thousand. We estimate that our existing cash
resources will not be sufficient to fund our operations into the first quarter of 2024. Our ability to continue as a going
concern will depend on our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies, reduce or
contain expenditures and increase revenues. Based on these factors, management determined that there is substantial doubt regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm expressed substantial doubt as to our
ability to continue as a going concern in its report dated March 31, 2023 included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

If
we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those
assets are carried on our audited financial statements, and it is likely that investors will lose all or part of their investment. When
we seek additional financing to fund our business activities as a result of the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding to us on commercially reasonable terms
or at all. 

COVID-19
pandemic has had and may likely continue to adversely affect our business. 

The
COVID-19 global pandemic and related mitigation measures taken by many countries have materially adversely affected and could in the
future materially adversely impact our business. During the course of the pandemic, we have experienced disruptions to the supply chain
and transportation network, including lockdowns, port closures and congestion, reduced availability of air and ground transport labor
and vehicles, increased border controls or closures, schedule changes, shipping delays and shortages in freight capacity, and similar
disruptions could occur in the future. These disruptions have led to significant limitations on the availability of key transportation
resources and has negatively impacted our ability to ship volume predictably and on a lower cost basis, particularly when we experienced
significant increases in the cost of ocean freight and air freight due to the pandemic. A large concentration of electrical and mechanical
components that go into our products are manufactured in China and when factory lockdowns occurred in China, it has materially and adversely
affected our manufacturing partners and component suppliers in that area and negatively impacts our profitability as we seek to transport
an increased number of products from manufacturing locations in Asia to North America as quickly as possible. As the COVID-19 pandemic
continues to evolve, together with shifting measures taken by countries in response, it is difficult to predict how the supply chain
and transportation network will be impacted. If worker illnesses, government shutdowns or other workforce interruptions occur and cause
disruptions to our supply chain and transportation network, our business could be materially adversely impacted. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has increased demand uncertainty, which has led to unexpected results of operations. During the COVID-19 pandemic,
we experienced a significant increase in demand for our cable modems and gateway products due to consumers responding to work-from-home
and shelter-in-place measures. As vaccines become widely available and consumers return to work or school and the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic lessens, this increase in demand began to subside. If this demand subsides at a rapid pace, our net sales, profitability and
other financial results could be adversely affected. This increase in demand has also put strain on our manufacturing partners, suppliers
and logistics partners to produce and deliver a sufficient number of products to meet this demand. In particular, the limited and delayed
availability of certain key components for our products, such as specialized chipsets, significantly constrains our ability to meet the
increased consumer demand and over the course of the past year, we have seen lead times for some of these key components increase dramatically
up to 52 weeks. This in turn puts pressure on our ability to accurately forecast and increases the likelihood that the accuracy of such
forecasts will be lower, which could materially adversely affect our financial results. If we were to experience weakened demand in products,
our net sales, profitability and other financial results would be materially adversely impacted. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including employee travel, employee work locations, cancellation
of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences, and social distancing measures. We may take further actions as may be
required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, vendors,
and suppliers. Work-from-home and other measures introduce additional operational risks, including cybersecurity risks and have
affected the way we conduct our product development, testing, customer support, and other activities, which could have an adverse
effect on our operations. Furthermore, we rely on third-party laboratories to test and certify our products. If these service
providers close or reduce staffing, it could delay our product development efforts. There is no certainty that such measures will be
sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and illness and workforce disruptions could lead to unavailability of key
personnel and harm our ability to perform critical functions. In addition, work-from-home and related business practice
modifications present challenges to maintaining our corporate culture, including employee engagement and productivity, both during
the immediate pandemic crisis and as we make additional adjustments in the eventual transition from it. 

13 

The
degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. We are similarly unable to predict the
degree to which the pandemic impacts our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other partners, and their financial conditions, but a material
effect on these parties could also adversely affect us. The impact of COVID-19 can also exacerbate other risks discussed below, which
could in turn have a material adverse effect on us. Developments related to COVID-19 have been rapidly changing, and additional impacts
and risks may arise that we are not aware of or able to appropriately respond to currently. Should the COVID-19 situation or global economic
slowdown not improve or worsen, or if our attempts to mitigate its impact on our operations and costs are not successful, our business,
results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. 

If
disruptions in our transportation network occur or our shipping costs substantially increase, we may be unable to sell or timely deliver
our products, and our gross margins could decrease. 

We
are highly dependent upon the transportation systems we use to ship our products, including vessel, air, and ground freight. Our attempts
to closely match our inventory levels to our product demand intensify the need for our transportation systems to function effectively
and without delay. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic led to limitations on the availability of key transportation resources and an
increase in the cost and duration of air and ocean freight. These developments negatively impact our profitability as we seek to transport
products from manufacturing locations in Asia to the U.S. market. The transportation network is subject to disruption or congestion from
a variety of causes, including labor disputes and port strikes, acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, and congestion
from higher shipping volumes. Transport delays in our product could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results,
including revenue and profitability shortfalls. Although transportation availability and durations improved and costs of transportation
began to decrease in the second half of 2022, there is a significant degree of uncertainty. While transportation costs decreased and
transportation availability and duration have improved recently, if the transportation network has significant cost increases or availability
limitations again, it would severely disrupt our business and harm our operating results, including our profitability. 

We
obtain several key components from limited or sole sources, and if these sources fail to satisfy our supply requirements or we are unable
to properly manage our supply requirements with our third-party manufacturers, we may lose sales and experience increased component costs.

Any
shortage or delay in the supply of key product components, or any sudden, unforeseen price increase for such components, would harm our
ability to meet product deliveries as scheduled or as budgeted. Many of the semiconductors used in our products are obtained from sole
source suppliers on a purchase order basis. Semiconductor suppliers have experienced and continue to experience component shortages themselves,
which in turn adversely impact our ability to procure semiconductors from them in sufficient quantities and in a timely manner. Our third-party
manufacturers generally purchase these components on our behalf on a purchase order basis, and we do not have any guaranteed supply arrangements
with our suppliers. If demand for a specific component increases, we may not be able to obtain an adequate number of that component in
a timely manner, and prices to obtain such components may increase. In addition, if worldwide demand for the components increases significantly,
the availability of these components could be limited and prices for such components may increase. Also, many standardized components
used broadly in electronic devices are manufactured in significant quantities in concentrated geographic regions, particularly in China.
As a result, protracted crises such as a global pandemic could lead to eventual shortages of necessary components sourced from impacted
regions. Additionally, government intervention to reduce the consumption of electricity in China could have a disruptive impact on component
production and supply availability. It could be difficult, costly, and time consuming to obtain alternative sources for these components,
or to change product designs to make use of alternative components. In addition, difficulties in transitioning from an existing supplier
to a new supplier could create delays in component availability that would have a significant impact on our ability to fulfill our orders
for our products. 

If
we are unable to obtain sufficient supply of components, or if we experience an interruption in the supply of components, our product
shipments could be reduced or delayed or our cost of obtaining these components may increase. Component shortages and delays affect our
ability to meet scheduled product deliveries, damage our brand and reputation in the market, and cause us to lose sales and market share.
At times, we may elect to purchase components in the direct market, which may be more expensive and may result in reduced margins. 

If
we do not effectively manage our sales channel inventory and product mix, we may incur costs associated with excess inventory, or lose
sales from having too few products. 

We
determine production levels based on our forecasts of demand for our products. Actual demand for our products depends on many factors,
which makes it difficult to forecast. We have experienced differences between our actual demand and our forecasted demand in the past
and expect differences to arise in the future. If we improperly forecast demand for our products, we could end up with too many products
and be unable to sell the excess inventory in a timely manner, if at all, or alternatively, we could end up with too few products and
not able to satisfy demand. This problem is exacerbated because we attempt to closely match inventory levels with product demand leaving
limited margin for error. If these events occur, we could incur increased expenses associated with writing off excessive or obsolete
inventory, lose sales, incur penalties for later delivery, or have to ship products by air freight, a higher cost transportation mode,
to meet immediate demand, and suffering a corresponding decline in gross margins. 

If
we fail to continue to introduce or acquire new products and services that achieve broad market acceptance on a timely basis, we will
not be able to compete effectively and we will be unable to increase or maintain net sales and gross margins. 

We
operate in a highly competitive, quickly changing environment, and our future success depends on our ability to develop and introduce
new products and services that achieve broad market acceptance. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to identify
demand trends in the consumer, business and service provider markets, and to quickly develop or acquire, and manufacture and sell products
and services that satisfy these demands in a cost-effective manner. In order to differentiate our products from our competitors 
products, we must continue to increase our focus and capital investment in research and development, including software development for
our products and complementary services and applications. If these products do not continue to maintain or achieve widespread market
acceptance, our future growth may be slowed, and our financial results could be harmed. Also, as the mix of our business increasingly
includes new products and services that require additional investment, this shift may adversely impact our margins, at least in the near-term.
Successfully predicting demand trends is difficult, and it is very difficult to predict the effect that introducing a new product will
have on existing product sales. We will also need to respond effectively to new product announcements by our competitors by quickly introducing
competitive products. 

We
have experienced delays and quality issues in releasing new products in the past, which resulted in lower quarterly net sales than expected.
In addition, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, product introductions that fall short of our projected rates of market
adoption. Internet reviews of our products are increasingly becoming a significant factor in the success of our new product launches.
If we are unable to quickly respond to negative reviews, including end user reviews posted on various prominent online retailers, our
ability to sell these products will be harmed. Any future delays in product development and introduction, or product introductions that
do not meet broad market acceptance, or unsuccessful launches of new product lines could result in: 

loss
 of or delay in revenue and loss of market share; 

negative
 publicity and damage to our reputation and brand; 

a
 decline in the average selling price of our products; 

adverse
 reactions in our sales channels, such as reduced shelf space, reduced product visibility, or loss of sales channels; and 

increased
 levels of product returns. 

14 

Throughout
the past few years, we have significantly increased the rate of our new product introductions. If we cannot sustain that pace of product
introductions, either through rapid innovation of new products, we may not be able to maintain or increase the market share of our products.
In addition, if we are unable to successfully introduce new products with higher gross margins, or if we are unable to improve the margins
on our previously introduced and rapidly growing product lines, our net sales and overall gross margin would likely decline. 

We
depend substantially on our sales channels, and our failure to maintain and expand our sales channels would result in lower sales and
reduced net sales. 

To
maintain and grow our market share, net sales and brand, we must maintain and expand our sales channels. Our sales channels consist of
traditional retailers, online retailers, and wholesale distributors. We generally have no minimum purchase commitments or long-term contracts
with any of these third parties. 

Traditional
retailers have limited shelf space and promotional budgets, and competition is intense for these resources. If the networking sector
does not experience sufficient growth, retailers may choose to allocate more shelf space to other consumer product sectors. A competitor
with more extensive product lines and stronger brand identity may have greater bargaining power with these retailers. Any reduction in
available shelf space or increased competition for such shelf space would require us to increase our marketing expenditures simply to
maintain current levels of retail shelf space, which would harm our operating margin. Our traditional retail customers have faced increased
and significant competition from online retailers. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the shift to a greater percentage of
purchases taking place online versus traditional retail customers. If we cannot effectively manage our business amongst our online customers
and traditional retail and online retail customers, our business would be harmed. The recent trend in the consolidation of online retailer
channels has resulted in intensified competition for preferred product placement, such as product placement on an online retailer s
Internet home page. We compete with established companies that have longer operating histories and longstanding relationships with traditional
retailers that we would find highly desirable as sales channel partners. 

We
must also continuously monitor and evaluate emerging sales channels. If we fail to establish a presence in an important developing sales
channel, our business could be harmed. 

We
depend on large, recurring purchases from certain significant customers, and a loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by these customers
could negatively affect our revenue. 

The
loss of recurring orders from any of our more significant customers could cause our revenue and profitability to suffer. Our ability
to attract new customers will depend on a variety of factors, including the cost-effectiveness, reliability, scalability, breadth and
depth of our products. In addition, a change in the mix of our customers, or a change in the mix of direct and indirect sales, could
adversely affect our net sales and gross margins. 

Although
our financial performance may depend on large, recurring orders from certain customers and resellers, we do not generally have binding
commitments from them. For example: 

our
 reseller agreements generally do not require substantial minimum purchases; 

our
 customers can stop purchasing and our resellers can stop marketing our products at any time; and 

our
 reseller agreements generally are not exclusive. 

Further,
our revenue may be impacted by significant one-time purchases which are not contemplated to be repeatable. While such purchases are reflected
in our financial statements, we do not rely on and do not forecast for continued significant one-time purchases. As a result, lack of
repeatable one-time purchases will adversely affect our revenue. 

Because
our expenses are based on our sales forecasts, a substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to, or unexpected returns from,
customers and resellers, or the loss of any significant customer or reseller, could harm or otherwise have a negative impact to our operating
results. Although our largest customers may vary from period to period, we anticipate that our operating results for any given period
will continue to depend on large orders from a small number of customers. 

Our
license agreements with Motorola have risks, including risks associated with our ability to successfully generate Motorola sales that
are large enough to make our Motorola business profitable after we pay the minimum annual royalty payments required by the license agreements.
Our failure to successfully increase Motorola sales could have a material effect on our liquidity and financial results. 

A
substantial amount of our net sales are generated by sales of products sold under our agreements to exclusively license the Motorola
brand trademark for use with such products, which expires December 31, 2025. In connection with this opportunity, Minim has an aggressive
plan to continue to introduce new Motorola brand products. Our product development plan has and will continue to increase our costs and
may result in cost overruns and delays. If our sales of Motorola brand products do not meet our forecasts, this may result in excess
inventory and a shortage of cash. In addition, each of the license agreements includes significant minimum quarterly royalty payments
due by Minim. If we are unable to sell a sufficient number of Motorola brand products to offset these minimum royalty payments, our net
income and cash position will be reduced, and we may continue to experience losses. There are provisions in both license agreements that
could cause expiration at an earlier date. If our license agreements with Motorola were to be terminated for any reason, our net sales
would be materially adversely affected. 

15 

We
may require additional funding, which may be difficult to obtain on favorable terms, if at all. 

Over
the next 12 months we may require additional funding if, for instance, we buy inventory and develop products in anticipation of
significant Motorola sales, if our sales are lower than forecast, or if we continue to experience losses. On March 12, 2021, and
subsequently amended on November 2, 2021 and December 12, 2022, we entered into a new loan and security agreement with Silicon
Valley Bank SVB Loan Agreement ), which provides for a revolving facility up to a principal amount of 10.0 million.
The availability of borrowings under the SVB Loan Agreement is subject to certain conditions and requirements. Under the terms of
the SVB Loan Agreement, Silicon Valley Bank has the right to decrease the borrowing base percentages in its good faith business
judgment to mitigate the impact of events, conditions, contingencies, or risks which may adversely affect the collateral or its
value. It is not certain whether all or part of this line of credit will be available to us in the future; and other sources of
financing may not be available to us on a timely basis if at all, or on terms acceptable to us. If we fail to obtain acceptable
additional financing when needed, we will not have sufficient resources to fund our normal operations; and this could have a material
adverse effect on our business. The term of the SVB Loan Agreement and Bridge Loan Agreement both expire on January 15, 2024, and
we will have to refinance the SVB Loan Agreement and Bridge Loan Agreement prior to the expiration date. 

We
have our bank accounts and revolving facility with Silicon Valley Bank, which is currently in receivership by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC ). 

On
March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation,
which appointed the FDIC as receiver. On March 13, 2023, the FDIC announced that it had transferred all deposits both insured
and uninsured and substantially all assets of the former SVB to a newly created, full-service FDIC-operated bridge bank 
called Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. We hold our bank accounts and revolving facility up to 10.0 million with SVB. On March 13, 2023,
our bank accounts and revolving facility were made available. Our SVB Loan Agreement requires us to maintain our banking with SVB. If
events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions or the
financial services industry generally, as have in the past, such as with SVB, and may in the future, then such events may lead to market-wide
liquidity problems. If Silicon Valley Bridge Bank enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions
affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents may be threatened and could have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Our
management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are ineffective due
to the existence of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to establish and maintain
effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on
a timely basis could be impaired, and the market price of our securities may be negatively affected. 

A material weakness (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, management has identified a deficiency related to adequate independent reviews and
maintenance of effective controls related to the timely preparation and independent reviews of account analyses, account summaries and
account reconciliations. These internal control failures resulted in material adjustments to properly state expense, inventory, deferred
revenue, accrued expenses, accounts receivables and revenues as of and for the year ending December 31, 2022. These internal control failures
resulted in material adjustments required to properly state the respective balances as of December 31, 2022. 

Our
business strategy includes significant growth plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected
if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively . 

We
intend to pursue an organic growth strategy for our business; however, we regularly evaluate potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities.
If appropriate opportunities present themselves, we expect to engage in selected acquisitions and other business growth initiatives or
undertakings. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify appropriate opportunities, that we will be able to negotiate
or finance such activities or that such activities, if undertaken, will be successful. There are risks associated with our growth strategy.
To the extent that we grow through acquisitions, we cannot ensure that we will be able to adequately or profitably manage this growth.
Our existing operations, personnel, systems and internal control may not be adequate to support our growth and expansion and may require
us to make additional unanticipated investments in our infrastructure. Acquiring other companies or other assets, as well as other expansion
activities, involves various risks including the risks of incorrectly assessing the value of acquired assets, encountering greater than
expected costs of integrating, the risk of loss of customers and/or employees of the acquired business, executing cost savings measures,
not achieving revenue enhancements and otherwise not realizing the transaction s anticipated benefits. Our ability to address these
matters successfully cannot be assured. In addition, our strategic efforts may divert resources or management s attention from
ongoing business operations, may require investment in integration and in development and enhancement of additional operational and reporting
processes and controls. 

Our
growth initiatives may also require us to recruit and retain experienced personnel to assist in such initiatives. Accordingly, the failure
to identify and retain such personnel would place significant limitations on our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy. 

If
we do not successfully execute our acquisition growth plan, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
reputation and growth prospects. In addition, if we were to conclude that the value of an acquired business had decreased and that the
related goodwill had been impaired, that conclusion would result in an impairment of goodwill charge, which would adversely affect our
results of operations. While we believe we will have the executive management resources and internal systems in place to successfully
manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growth opportunities will be available or that we will successfully manage our growth. 

We
may be unsuccessful in integrating the operations of the business we have acquired or expect to acquire in the future . 

From
time to time, we may acquire businesses, assets, or securities of companies that we believe will provide a strategic fit with our business.
We integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations; our overall internal control over financial reporting processes; and our
financial, operations, and information systems. If the financial performance of our business, as supplemented by the assets and businesses
acquired, does not meet our expectations, it may make it more difficult for us to service our debt obligations and our results of operations
may fail to meet market expectations. We may not effectively assimilate the business or product offerings of acquired companies into
our business or within the anticipated costs or timeframes, retain key customers and suppliers or key employees of acquired businesses,
or successfully implement our business plan for the combined business. In addition, our final determinations and appraisals of the estimated
fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates and we may fail
to realize fully anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities or other potential synergies. We cannot assure that the fair value of
acquired businesses or investments will remain constant. 

Our
reliance on a small number of customers for a large portion of our revenues could materially harm our business and prospects. 

Relatively
few customers account for a substantial portion of the Company s revenues. In 2022, two customers accounted for 10 or greater
individually, and 87 in the aggregate of the Company s total net sales. At December 31, 2022, two customers with an accounts receivable
balance of 10 or greater individually accounted for a combined 75 of the Company s accounts receivable. In 2021, two customers
accounted for 10 or greater individually, and 92 in the aggregate of the Company s total net sales. At December 31, 2021, four
customers with an accounts receivable balance of 10 or greater individually accounted for a combined 86 of the Company s accounts
receivable. 

Our
customers generally do not enter into long-term agreements obligating them to purchase our products. Because of our significant customer
concentration, our net sales and operating income could fluctuate significantly due to changes in political or economic conditions or
the loss of, reduction of business with, or less favorable terms for any of our significant customers. The loss of one or more of our
largest customers, the failure of such customers to pay amounts due to us, or a material reduction in the amount of purchases made by
such customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

The
market for Internet access products and services has many competing technologies, and the demand for certain of our products and services
is declining. 

If
we are unable to grow demand for our broadband and dial-up modems or other products, we may be unable to sustain or grow our business.
The market for high-speed communications products and services has a number of competing technologies. For instance, Internet access
can be achieved by using a standard telephone line with an appropriate modem and dial-up or DSL service; using a cable TV line with a
cable modem and cable modem service; or using a mobile broadband modem and mobile broadband service. We currently sell products that
include all these technologies. The introduction of new products by competitors, market acceptance of competing products based on new
or alternative technologies, or the emergence of new industry standards have in the past rendered and could continue to render our products
less competitive or even obsolete. 

16 

Our
reliance on sole suppliers or limited sources of supply could materially harm our business. 

We
obtain certain key parts, components, and equipment from sole or limited sources of supply. In 2022, the Company had two suppliers that
provided 93 of the Company s purchased inventory. In 2021, the Company had one supplier that provided 97 of the Company s
purchased inventory. Also, as examples, the vast majority of our broadband modems use Broadcom chipsets and the vast majority of our
dial-up modems use Conexant chipsets. The loss of the products or services of any of our significant suppliers or a material change in
their business or their relationship with us could harm our business and operating results. Similar to many companies that use computer
chips in their business experienced supply chain issues in sourcing chips due to a chip shortage, we also experienced issues in 2022
and 2021 resulting from component delays or unavailability of chips. There can be no assurance, however, that we will not experience
such issues in the future. We have experienced delays in receiving shipments of essential integrated circuits during other past periods,
and we may experience such delays in the future. Moreover, we cannot assure you that a chipset supplier will, in the future, sell chipsets
to us in quantities sufficient to meet our needs or that we will purchase the specified dollar amount of products necessary to receive
concessions and incentives from a chipset supplier. An interruption in a chipset supplier s ability to deliver chipsets, a failure
of our suppliers to produce chipset enhancements or new chipsets on a timely basis and at competitive prices, a material increase in
the price of the chipsets, our failure to purchase a specified dollar amount of products or any other adverse change in our relationship
with modem component suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In the past we have experienced long
lead-times and significant delays in receiving shipments of modem chipsets from our sole source suppliers. We may experience similar
delays in the future. In addition, some products may have other components that are available from only one source. If we are unable
to obtain a sufficient supply of components from our current sources, we would experience difficulties in obtaining alternative sources
or in altering product designs to use alternative components. Resulting delays or reductions in product shipments could damage relationships
with our customers, and our customers could decide to purchase products from our competitors. Inability to meet our customers 
demand or a decision by one or more of our customers to purchase products from our competitors could harm our operating results. 

We
believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to more successfully penetrate the broadband modem markets,
which have been challenging markets, with significant barriers to entry. 

We
believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to penetrate the broadband modem markets including cable and mobile
broadband. These markets have significant barriers to entry. Although some cable, and mobile broadband modems are sold at retail, the
high-volume purchasers of these modems are concentrated in a relatively few large cable, telephone and mobile broadband service providers
which offer broadband modem services to their customers. These customers, particularly cable and mobile broadband services providers,
also have extensive and varied certification processes for modems to be approved for use on their network. Obtaining these certifications
is expensive and time consuming, and the certification processes continue to evolve. Successfully penetrating the broadband modem market
therefore presents a number of challenges including: the current limited retail market for broadband modems; the relatively small number
of cable, telecommunications and Internet service provider customers that make up the bulk of the market for broadband modems in certain
countries, including the U.S.; the significant bargaining power of these large volume purchasers; the time consuming, expensive, uncertain
and varied certification process of the various cable service providers; the savings, if any, offered to customers who use their own
modem instead of one supplied by the service provider; and the strong relationships with cable service providers enjoyed by incumbent
cable equipment providers like Arris. 

If
we fail to meet changing customer requirements and emerging industry standards, there would be an adverse impact on our ability to sell
our products and services. 

The
market for Internet access products and services is characterized by aggressive pricing practices, continually changing customer demand
patterns, rapid technological advances, emerging industry standards and short product life cycles. Some of our product and service developments
and enhancements have taken longer than planned and have delayed the availability of our products and services, which adversely affected
our sales and profitability in the past. Any significant delays in the future may adversely impact our ability to sell our products and
services, and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our future success will depend in large part
upon our ability to: identify and respond to emerging technological trends and industry standards in the market; develop and maintain
competitive products that meet changing customer demands; enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products
from those of our competitors; bring products to market on a timely basis; introduce products that have competitive prices; manage our
product transitions, inventory levels and manufacturing processes efficiently; respond effectively to new technological changes or new
product announcements by others; meet changing industry standards; distribute our products quickly in response to customer demand; and
compete successfully in the markets for our new products. These factors could also have an adverse effective on our operating results. 

Our
product cycles tend to be short and we may incur significant non-recoverable expenses or devote significant resources to sales that do
not occur when anticipated. Therefore, the resources we devote to product development, sales and marketing may not generate material
net sales for us. In addition, short product cycles have resulted in and may in the future result in excess and obsolete inventory, which
has had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In an effort to develop innovative products and technology,
we have incurred and may in the future incur substantial development, sales, marketing, and inventory costs. If we are unable to recover
these costs, our financial condition and results could be adversely affected. In addition, if we sell our products at reduced prices
in anticipation of cost reductions and we still have higher cost products in inventory, our business would be harmed, and our results
of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

17 

Our
operations are subject to a number of risks that could harm our business. 

Currently,
our business is significantly dependent on our operations outside the U.S., particularly the production of substantially all of our products.
For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, sales outside North America were only 0.8 of our net sales. However, almost all of our
manufacturing operations are now located outside of the U.S.. The inherent risks of international operations could harm our business,
results of operation, and liquidity. For instance, our operations in Mexico are subject to the challenges and risks associated with international
operations, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and economic, legal, political
and regulatory risks. In addition, fluctuations in the currency exchange rates have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect
on our financial results. The types of risks faced in connection with international operations include, among others: regulatory and
communications requirements and policy changes; currency exchange rate fluctuation, including changes in value of the Vietnamese dong,
Chinese renminbi, and Mexican peso relative to the U.S. dollar; cultural differences; reduced control over staff and other difficulties
in staffing and managing foreign operations; reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; political and economic
changes and disruptions; governmental currency controls; shipping costs; strikes and work slowdowns at ports or other locations in the
supply path; and import, export, and tariff regulations. Almost all of our products are built in Vietnam, mainland China or Taiwan, so
these products are subject to numerous risks including currency risk and economic, legal, political and regulatory risks. Additionally,
the U.S. government has instituted or proposed other changes in trade policies that include the negotiation or termination of trade agreements
economic sanctions on individuals, corporations or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other
countries where we conduct our business. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt
to or comply with any such changes. If the U.S. were to withdraw from or materially modify international trade agreements to which it
is a party, or if tariffs were imposed or raised on the products sourced from outside the U.S. that we buy, our costs for such products
could increase significantly, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

If
we fail to effectively manage our inventory levels, there could be a material and adverse effect on our liquidity and our business. 

Due
to rapid technological change and changing markets, we are required to manage our inventory levels carefully to both meet customer expectations
regarding delivery times and to limit our excess inventory exposure. In the event we fail to effectively manage our inventory, our liquidity
may be adversely affected and we may face increased risk of inventory obsolescence, a decline in market value of the inventory, or losses
from theft, fire, or other casualty. 

We
may be unable to produce sufficient quantities of our products because we depend on third-party manufacturers. If these third-party manufacturers
fail to produce quality products in a timely manner, our ability to fulfill our customer orders would be adversely impacted. 

We
use contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers for electronics manufacturing of most of our products. We use these third-party
manufacturers to help ensure low costs, rapid market entry and reliability. Any manufacturing disruption could impair our ability to
fulfill orders, and a failure to fulfill orders would adversely affect our sales. Although we currently use four electronics manufacturers
for the bulk of our purchases, in some cases a given product is only provided by one of these companies. The loss of the services of
any of our significant third-party manufacturers or a material adverse change in the business of or our relationships with any of these
manufacturers could harm our business. Since third parties manufacture our products and we expect this to continue in the future, our
success will depend, in part, on the ability of third parties to manufacture our products cost effectively and in sufficient quantities
to meet our customer demand. 

We
are subject to the following risks because of our reliance on third-party manufacturers: reduced management and control of component
purchases; reduced control over delivery schedules, quality assurance, manufacturing yields, and labor practices; lack of adequate capacity
during periods of excess demand; limited warranties on products supplied to us; potential increases in prices; interruption of supplies
from assemblers as a result of a fire, natural calamity, global health pandemic, strike or other significant event; and misappropriation
of our intellectual property. 

Our
cable modem sales may be significantly reduced due to long lead-times. 

During
2022, approximately 95.7 of net sales were cable and other broadband modems. These products have experienced long lead-times due to
certain component production lead-times of up to 52 weeks and due to manufacturer-related delays, and these long lead times may significantly
reduce our potential sales. 

18 

We
face significant competition, which could result in decreased demand for our products or services leading to reduced margins or loss
of market share and revenue. 

We
compete in a highly competitive market that is rapidly evolving. A number of companies have developed, or are expected to develop, products
that compete or will compete with our products. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater
resources than we do. Many of our existing and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition and substantially
greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources. These competitors may, among other things, undertake more extensive
marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, obtain more favorable pricing from suppliers and manufacturers, and exert
more influence on sales channels than we can. Certain of our significant competitors also serve as key sales and marketing channels for
our products, potentially giving these competitors a marketplace advantage based on their knowledge of our business activities and/or
their ability to negatively influence our sales opportunities. Intense competition, rapid technological change and evolving industry
standards could result in less favorable selling terms to our customers, decrease demand for our products or make our products obsolete.
Our operating results and our ability to compete could be adversely affected if we are unable to: successfully and accurately anticipate
customer demand; manage our product transitions, inventory levels and manufacturing processes efficiently; distribute or introduce our
products quickly in response to customer demand and technological advances; differentiate our products from those of our competitors;
or otherwise compete successfully in the markets for our products. If any of our competitors are successful in competing against us,
our sales could decline, our margins could be negatively impacted and we could lose market share, any of which could seriously harm our
business and results of operations. 

Our
future success will depend on the continued services of our key product development personnel. 

The
loss of any of our key product development personnel, the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel in the future, or delays
in hiring skilled personnel could harm our business. Competition for skilled personnel is significant. We may be unable to attract and
retain all the personnel necessary for the development of our business. In addition, the loss of any member of the senior management
team, a key engineer or salesperson, or other key contributors, could harm our relations with our customers, our ability to respond to
technological change, and our business. 

Risks
Related to International Operations 

Fluctuations
in the foreign currency exchange rates in relation to the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Changes
in currency exchange rates that increase the relative value of the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult for us to compete with foreign
manufacturers on price, may reduce our foreign currency denominated sales when expressed in dollars, or may otherwise have a material
adverse effect on our sales and operating results. A significant increase in our foreign currency denominated sales would increase our
risk associated with foreign currency fluctuations. A weakness in the U.S. dollar relative to the Mexican peso and various Asian currencies,
especially the Vietnamese dong and the Chinese renminbi, could increase our product costs. Fluctuations in the currency exchange rates
have, and may continue to, adversely affect our operating results. 

Capacity
constraints in our Mexican operations could reduce our sales and revenues and hurt customer relationships. 

We
rely on our Mexican operations to finish and ship most of the products we sell. We have experienced and may continue to experience constraints
on our capacity as we address challenges related to operating our new facility, such as hiring and training workers, creating the facility s
infrastructure, developing new supplier relationships, complying with customs and border regulations, and resolving shipping and logistical
issues. Our net sales may be reduced, and our customer relationships may be impaired if we continue to experience constraints on our
capacity. We are working to minimize capacity constraints in a cost-effective manner, but there can be no assurance that we will be able
to adequately minimize capacity constraints. 

Our
reliance on a business processing outsourcing partner to conduct our operations in Mexico could materially harm our business and prospects. 

In
connection with our North American manufacturing operations in Mexico, we rely on a business processing outsourcing partner to hire,
subject to our oversight, the team for our Mexican operations, provide the selected facility described above, and coordinate many of
the ongoing logistics relating to our operations in Mexico. Our outsourcing partner s related functions include acquiring the necessary
Mexican permits, providing the appropriate Mexican operating entity, assisting in customs clearances, and providing other general assistance
and administrative services in connection with the ongoing operation of the Mexican facility. Our outsourcing partner s performance
of these obligations efficiently and effectively is critical to the success of our operations in Mexico. Failure of our outsourcing partner
to perform its obligations efficiently and effectively could result in delays, unanticipated costs or interruptions in production, delays
in deliveries to our customers or other harm to our business, results of operation, and liquidity. Moreover, if our outsourcing arrangement
is not successful, we cannot assure our ability to find an alternative production facility or outsourcing partner to assist in our operations
in Mexico or our ability to operate successfully in Mexico without outsourcing or similar assistance. 

19 

Tariffs
significantly harm our cash flow and profitability, and they may continue in the future. 

Prior
to July 2020, almost all of our products were produced in China and were subject to a tariff on our cost of goods at the time of
entry into the U.S. Beginning in July 2020, majority of our products were produced in Vietnam while a small portion of our products
continued to be produced in China. The China related tariff is 25 . These tariffs have a significant impact on our cost of inventory
and profitability and may require surety bonds, which we currently have a letter of credit requiring restricted cash related to a tariff-related
surety bond. These tariffs may not be reduced and may even be increased. Although we have significantly reduced tariff costs
with the transition to Vietnam production, it is not possible to predict the impact of tariffs in the future, which could have a
material adverse impact on our net income and cash position and we may continue to experience losses. 

Risks
Related to Our Products, Technology and Intellectual Property 

We
may be subject to product returns resulting from defects or from overstocking of our products. Product returns could result in the failure
to attain market acceptance of our products, which would harm our business. 

If
our products contain undetected defects, errors, or failures, we could face delays in the development of our products, numerous product
returns, and other losses to us or to our customers or end users. Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or delay
in market acceptance of our products, either of which would reduce our sales and harm our business. We are also exposed to the risk of
product returns from our customers as a result of contractual stock rotation privileges and our practice of assisting some of our customers
in balancing their inventories. Overstocking has led in the past and may lead in the future to higher than normal customer returns. 

Security
breaches and data loss may expose us to liability, harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. 

As
part of our business operations, we collect, store, process, use and disclose sensitive data relating to our business, including in connection
with the provision of our cloud services and in our information systems and data centers (including third-party data centers). We also
engage third-party providers to assist in the development of our products and for services that may include the collection, handling,
processing and storage of personal data on our behalf. In addition, we host our customers subscriber data in third-party data
centers in the course of providing our products and cloud-based platform solutions and services to our customers. While we and our third-party
providers apply multiple layers of security to control access to data and use encryption and authentication technologies to secure data
from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure, these security measures may be compromised. Malicious hackers may attempt to
gain access to our network or data centers; steal proprietary information related to our business, products, employees and customers;
or interrupt our systems and services or those of our customers or others. In particular, there has been a spike in cybersecurity attacks
during the COVID-19 pandemic and work-from-home environment. 

Some
of our software products contain open source software under terms of open source licenses, which include, but are not limited
to, General Public License Version 2 and MIT Licenses. 

The
use of open source software has risks related to open source license compliance and software quality control. The Company mitigates these
risks by employing processes such as open source license review prior to technology selection and upgrade version testing prior to deployment.
However, it must be noted that the risks described above cannot be eliminated. 

We
may experience costs and senior management distractions due to patent-related matters. 

Many
of our products incorporate patented technology. We attempt to license appropriate patents either directly or through our integrated
circuit suppliers. However, we are subject to costs and senior management distractions due to patent-related litigation. 

Patent
litigation matters are complex and time consuming and expose Minim to potentially material obligations. It is impossible to assess the
potential cost and senior management distraction associated with patent litigation matters that are currently outstanding or may occur
in the future. 

20 

We
may have difficulty protecting our intellectual property. 

Our
ability to compete is heavily affected by our ability to protect our intellectual property. We rely primarily on trade secret laws, confidentiality
procedures, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and licensing arrangements to protect our intellectual property. The steps we take to protect
our technology may be inadequate. Existing trade secret, trademark and copyright laws offer only limited protection. Our patents could
be invalidated or circumvented. We have more intellectual property assets in some countries than we do in others. In addition, the laws
of some foreign countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not protect our products or intellectual
property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. This may make the possibility of piracy of our technology and products
more likely. 

We
could infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 

Particular
aspects of our technology could be found to infringe on the intellectual property rights or patents of others. Other companies may hold
or obtain patents on inventions or may otherwise claim proprietary rights to technology necessary to our business. We cannot predict
the extent to which we may be required to seek licenses. We cannot assure you that the terms of any licenses we may be required to seek
will be reasonable. We are often indemnified by our suppliers relative to certain intellectual property rights. However, these indemnifications
do not cover all possible suits, and there can be no assurance that a relevant indemnification will be honored by the indemnifying party
or that the indemnifying party has the financial resources to meet its indemnification obligation. 

Financial,
Regulatory and Tax Compliance Risks 

We
could be subject to additional sales tax or other tax liabilities. 

States
have varying policies regarding when a company has a taxable presence in the state. There are many factors to consider when determining
if state nexus exists, including inventory consignment to ordering and fulfillment, physical presence, economic presence, and personnel.
We have policies and procedures in place to collect and pay sales tax for Amazon and other ecommerce sales in states where we believe
we have nexus and are required to charge sales tax. However, it is possible that we could be negatively impacted by a change in state
laws and policies, court decisions, Federal law, or our decisions about where sales tax is owed. In addition, we may incur income tax
liability in some states where we have nexus. 

Environmental
regulations may increase our manufacturing costs and harm our business. 

In
the past, environmental regulations have increased our manufacturing costs and caused us to modify products. New state, U.S., or other
regulations may in the future impact our product costs or restrict our ability to ship certain products into certain regions. 

Changes
in current or future laws or governmental regulations and industry standards that negatively impact our products, services and technologies
could harm our business. 

The
jurisdiction of the Federal Communications Commission FCC ), extends to the entire U.S. communications industry including
our customers and their products and services that incorporate our products. Our products are also required to meet the regulatory requirements
of other countries throughout the world where our products and services are sold. Obtaining government certifications is time-consuming
and costly. In the past, we have encountered delays in the introduction of our products, such as our cable modems, as a result of the
need to obtain government certifications. We may face further delays if we are unable to comply with governmental regulations. Delays
caused by the time it takes to comply with regulatory requirements may result in cancellations or postponements of product orders or
purchases by our customers, which would harm our business. 

In
addition to reliability and quality standards, the market acceptance of certain products and services is dependent upon the adoption
of industry standards so that products from multiple manufacturers are able to communicate with each other. Standards are continuously
being modified and replaced. As standards evolve, we may be required to modify our existing products or develop and support new versions
of our products. The failure of our products to comply, or delays in compliance, with various existing and evolving industry standards
could delay or interrupt volume production of our products, which could harm our business. 

21 

Our
ability to use our net operating losses NOLs may be negatively affected if there is an ownership change 
as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had approximately 60.6 million in federal NOLs. These deferred tax assets are currently fully reserved. Under
Internal Revenue Code Section 382 rules, if a change of ownership is triggered, our ability to use our NOLs can be negatively affected
if there is an ownership change as defined under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. An ownership change at any time is
determined by considering each stockholder with 5 or more ownership, summing the highest percentage change for each of those stockholders
over the prior three years, and determining that the sum exceeds 50 . Since ownership changes are measured over three-year periods, it
is possible that additional changes of ownership may occur in the future that may limit our utilization of NOL carryforwards. 

Risks
Related to the Securities Market and Our Common Stock 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile and trading volume may be low. 

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including, without limitation: as a result of the risk
factors listed herein; actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; regulatory changes that could impact our business;
and general economic and industry conditions. Shares of our common stock are quoted on the Nasdaq. The lack of an active market may impair
the ability of holders of our common stock to sell their shares of common stock at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that
they consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also reduce the fair market value of the shares of our common stock. 

We
may not be able to meet the continued listing requirements for the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Our
common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq, which requires a minimum bid trading price of 1.00. On April 28, 2022, we received
a letter (the Notification Letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that the minimum closing bid price per share for its ordinary shares was below 1.00
for a period of 30 consecutive business days and that we did not meet the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2). Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we had a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until October
24, 2022, to regain compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement. During this period, we had not regained compliance
by October 24, 2022. On October 25, 2022, we requested and received an additional 180 calendar day extension, which expires April
24, 2023. On March 28, 2023, the Company s shareholders approved of the Board to move forward with a reverse stock split,
which is intended to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, in a ratio we believe will be sufficient to cause our
stock price to exceed 1.00 per share. On March 30, 2023, the Board approved of a 25 for 1 reverse stock split ratio. We cannot
predict with certainty what effect a reverse stock split will have on the market price of our common stock, particularly over the
longer term. Some investors may view a reverse stock split negatively, which could result in a decrease in the market capitalization
of our company. If the market price post-reverse stock split does not trade
ten consecutive business days over 1.00, our common stock will be delisted from Nasdaq. Any delisting of our common stock by Nasdaq
could adversely affect our ability to attract new investors, decrease the liquidity of the outstanding shares of common stock,
reduce the price at which such shares trade and increase the transaction costs inherent in trading such shares with overall negative
effects for our shareholders. In addition, delisting of the common stock could deter broker-dealers from making a market in or
otherwise seeking or generating interest in our common stock, and might deter certain institutions and persons from investing in our
stock at all. 

We
do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not expect to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain cash to support our operations and to finance
the growth and development of our business. There can be no assurance that we will have, at any time, sufficient surplus under Delaware
law to be able to pay any dividends. In addition, pursuant to our SVB Loan Agreement, we cannot pay any dividends without the prior written
consent of Silicon Valley Bank. If we do not pay dividends, the price of our common stock must appreciate for you to receive a gain on
your investment in the Company. 

Our
Chairman and his affiliated entities own a significant percentage of our shares, which will limit your ability to influence corporate
matters. 

Our
Chairman, and his affiliated entities owned approximately 37.8 percent of our outstanding shares of Common Stock as of March 29,
2023. Accordingly, he and his affiliated entities could have an influence over the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter
submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially
all of our assets and also could prevent or cause a change in control. The interests of the Chairman of the Board and his affiliated
entities may differ from the interests of our other stockholders. Third parties may be discouraged from making a tender offer or bid
to acquire us because of this concentration of ownership. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

In
November 2021, we entered into two operating lease agreements extending the leases on our 24,000 square foot production and warehousing
facilities in Tijuana, Mexico through November 2023. The Company performs most of the final assembly, testing, packaging, warehousing
and distribution at these facilities. 

We
lease 3,218 square feet of office space located in Canton, Massachusetts under an operating lease agreement. In December 2021, the Company
executed an amendment to extend the lease to May 2024. 

We
also lease our principal executive offices in Manchester, New Hampshire, from a related party (refer to Note 12 in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements), which totals approximately 2,656 square feet. The lease is month-to-month with a 60-day termination notification. 

We
believe that these facilities are suitable and sufficient to meet our current and anticipated needs in the near term and that additional
space can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms as needed. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to lawsuits, arbitrations, claims, and other legal proceedings arising in
the ordinary course of business. Such legal actions may include claims for substantial or unspecified compensatory and/or punitive damages.
Absolute assurance cannot be given that such actions will be resolved without costly litigation in a manner that is not adverse to our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We are not currently a party to any material pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

22 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol MINM . The closing price of our common stock on Nasdaq
was 0.11 per share on March 29, 2023. As of March 29, 2023, there were 47,188,378 shares of our common stock outstanding and 128
holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not plan to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our current policy is to retain all of our earnings to finance future growth. In addition, pursuant to the SVB Loan Agreement, which
was executed on March 12, 2021, as amended on December 12, 2022, we cannot pay any dividends without SVB s prior written consent. 

Repurchases
by the Company 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Information
required by this part is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders
which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM
6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - [Reserved] 

23 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current
expectations that involve risks and uncertainties including those discussed under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. These
risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We
deliver a comprehensive WiFi as a Service platform to make everyone s connected home safe and supportive for life and work. We
believe the home router must go the way of the mobile phone. Today s routers are simple, single-purpose devices that rarely receive
firmware updates and have underdeveloped management applications, making them the #1 target in residential cybersecurity attacks. It
can be so much more. The router must offer frequent security updates, helpful apps, extensive personalization options and a delightful
interface. That is what Minim delivers not just the router or just an app, but WiFi as a Service. Technically, it s composed
of an intelligent router managed by a smart operating system that leverages cloud computing and AI to analyze and optimize the smart
home, combined with intuitive applications to engage with it. 

We
continually seek to improve our product designs and manufacturing approach to elevate product performance and reduce our costs. We pursue
a strategy of outsourcing rather than internally developing our hardware product chipsets, which are application-specific integrated
circuits that form the technology base for our modems. By outsourcing the chipset technology, we are able to concentrate our research
and development resources on modem system design, leverage the extensive research and development capabilities of our chipset suppliers,
and reduce our development time and associated costs and risks. As a result of this approach, we are able to quickly develop new products
while maintaining a relatively low level of research and development expense as a percentage of net sales. We also outsource aspects
of our manufacturing to contract manufacturers as a means of reducing our costs of production, and to provide us with greater flexibility
in our production capacity. 

Generally,
our gross margin for a given product depends on a number of factors, including the type of customer to whom we are selling. The gross
margin for products sold to retailers tends to be higher than for some of our other customers; but the sales, support, returns, and overhead
costs associated with products sold to retailers also tend to be higher. Minim s sales to certain countries are currently handled
by a single master distributor for each country that handles the support and marketing costs within the country. Gross margin for sales
to these master distributors tends to be low, since lower pricing to these distributors helps them to cover the support and marketing
costs for their country. 

Our
cash and cash equivalents balance on December 31, 2022 was 530 thousand compared to 12.6 million on December 31, 2021. On December
31, 2022, we had 4.8 million of outstanding borrowings on our asset-based credit line with availability of 38 thousand and 1.0 million
outstanding on the Bridge Loan. Our working capital was 15.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 

The
major changes in cash and cash equivalents during fiscal 2022 was a decrease of approximately 2.2 million in accounts receivables, a
decrease of 6.7 million in inventory, a decrease of 9.6 million in accounts payable, and a decrease of 839 thousand in accrued expenses.
In fiscal 2022, the Company also had a net loss of 15.5 million, which contributed to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents. 

24 

The Company s ability to
maintain adequate levels of liquidity depends in part on our ability to sell inventory on hand, increasing SaaS sales, and collecting
related receivables. The Company will be required to refinance its debt in 2023 given the SVB Loan Agreement expires in January 2024.
In the first quarter of 2023, the Company has implemented cost reduction plans to align its cost structure to its sales and increase its
liquidity. The Company will continue to monitor its cost in relation to its sales and adjust its cost structure accordingly. 

In
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated net sales of 50.6 million and 55.4 million, respectively. 

COVID-19
Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact our supply chain operations due to restrictions, reduced capacity, and limited availability from
suppliers on whom we rely for sourcing components and materials and from third-party partners on whom we rely for manufacturing, warehousing,
and logistics services. In 2022, we experienced increases in costs of materials, components for our products, and freight costs. Beginning
in the third quarter of 2022, we began seeing reduction in transportation costs and transport availability. We will not realize the gross
margin benefits from the transportation cost reductions until mid-2023 as we continue to work through inventory obtained when freight
costs were elevated. If disruptions in our supply chain operations or any increases to costs associated with supply chain operations
brought on by COVID-19 occur again, we could experience a negative impact on our revenue and operating margin performance. 

Although
demand for our products has increased relative to pre-pandemic levels as consumers and businesses seek flexible networking solutions
for their day-to-day needs, customers purchasing decisions over the long-term may be impacted by the pandemic and its impact on
the economy, which could in turn impact our revenue and results of operations. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Please
refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Following
is a discussion of what we view as our more significant accounting policies and estimates. As described below, management judgments and
estimates must be made and used in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We have identified areas
where material differences could result in the amount and timing of our net sales, costs, and expenses for any period if we had made
different judgments or used different estimates. 

Revenue
Recognition. We primarily sell hardware products to computer peripherals retailers, computer product distributors, OEMs, and direct
to consumers and other channel partners via the Internet. The hardware products include cable modems and gateways, mobile broadband modems,
wireless routers, MoCA adapters and mesh home networking devices. We also sell the Minim subscription service that enables and secures
a better connected home using the Minim AI-driven smart home WiFi management and security platform. 

The
SaaS is offered over a defined contract period, generally one year. These services are available as an on-demand application over the
defined term. The agreements include service offerings, which deliver applications and technologies via cloud-based deployment models
that we develop functionality for, provide unspecified updates and enhancements for, and host, manage, provide upgrades and support for
the customers access by entering into solution agreements for a stated period. The monthly fees charged to the customers are based
on the number of subscribers utilizing the services each month, and the revenue recognized generally corresponds to the monthly billing
amounts as the services are delivered. Customers do not have the contractual right or ability to take possession of the hosted software. 

We
consider each product and each service contract to be a distinct performance obligation. Revenue is recognized when a performance obligation
is satisfied, which occurs when control of the promised products or services is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue from product sales is recognized at a point
in time when management has determined that control has transferred to the customer, which is generally when legal title has transferred
to the customer. Revenue from SaaS contracts is recognized as the output of the service is transferred to the customer over time, typically
evenly over the contract term. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are
subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 

Our
contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products
and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant
judgment. Judgment is also required to determine the stand-alone selling price SSP for each distinct performance obligation.
We use an observable price to estimate SSP for items that are sold separately. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such
as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and
other observable inputs. 

25 

Product
Returns . Products are returned by retail stores and distributors for inventory balancing and warranty repair or replacements. Analyses
of actual returned product are compared to analyses of the product return estimates. We have concluded that the current process of estimating
the return reserve represents a fair measure with which to adjust revenue. Returned goods are variable and under ASC Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers, are estimated and recognized as a reduction of revenue as performance obligations are satisfied (e.g.,
upon shipment of goods). Under ASC Topic 606, the Company monitors pending authorized returns of goods and, if deemed appropriate, record
the right of return asset accordingly. 

Inventory
Valuation and Cost of Goods Sold. Inventory is valued at the lower of cost, determined by the first-in, first-out method, or its
net realizable value. We review inventories for obsolete and slow-moving products and make provisions based on our estimate of the probability
that the material will not be consumed or that it will be sold below cost. Additionally, material product certification costs on new
products are capitalized and amortized over the expected period of value of the respective products. 

Valuation
of Deferred Tax Assets. We estimate our income tax expense and deferred income tax position. This process involves the estimation
of our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax
and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our balance sheet. We
then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income. To the extent we believe that recovery
is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance. Changes in the valuation allowance are reflected in the statement of operations. 

Significant
management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and any valuation allowances. We have recorded a 100 valuation
allowance against our deferred income tax assets. It is management s estimate that, after considering all available objective evidence,
historical and prospective, with greater weight given to historical evidence, it is more likely than not that these assets will not be
realized. If we establish a record of continuing profitability, at some point we will be required to reduce the valuation allowance and
recognize an equal income tax benefit which will increase net income in that period. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth certain financial data derived from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 presented in absolute dollars and as a percentage of net sales, with dollars and percentage change year over year. 

Years
 ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Net
 sales 
 50,622,143 
 100 
 55,422,526 
 100.0 
 (4,800,383 
 (8.7 
 
 Cost
 of goods sold 
 38,695,605 
 76.4 
 36,504,874 
 65.9 
 (2,190,731 
 (6.0 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 11,926,538 
 23.6 
 18,917,652 
 34.1 
 (6,991,114 
 (37.0 
 
 Operating
 expenses: 

Selling
 and marketing 
 15,022,638 
 29.7 
 13,747,959 
 24.8 
 1,274,679 
 9.3 
 
 General
 and administrative 
 6,124,034 
 12.1 
 4,889,702 
 8.8 
 1,234,332 
 25.2 
 
 Research
 and development 
 5,824,906 
 11.5 
 6,164,362 
 11.1 
 (339,456 
 (5.5 
 
 Sale
 of Trademark, net 

(3,955,626 
 (7.1 
 3,955,626 
 100 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 26,971,578 
 53.3 
 20,846,397 
 37.6 
 6,125,181 
 29.4 

Operating
 loss 
 (15,045,040 
 (29.7 
 (1,928,745 
 (3.5 
 (13,116,295) 
 (680.0 

Total
 other income (expense) 
 (391,856 
 (0.8 
 (206,149 
 (0.4 
 (185,707 
 90.1 

Loss
 before income taxes 
 (15,436,896 
 (30.5 
 (2,134,894 
 (3.9 
 (13,302,002) 
 (623.1 

Income
 tax provision 
 112,348 
 0.2 
 63,773 
 0.1 
 48,575 
 76.2 

Net
 loss 
 (15,549,244 
 (30.7 
 (2,198,667 
 (4.0.) 
 (13,350,577 
 (607.2 

26 

Comparison
of Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth our revenues by product and the changes in revenues for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Cable Modems gateways 
 48,433,757 
 53,751,499 
 (5,317,742 
 (9.9 
 
 Other networking products 
 1,276,849 
 1,145,670 
 131,179 
 11.5 
 
 Software as a Service 
 911,537 
 525,357 
 386,180 
 73.5 
 
 Total 
 50,622,143 
 55,422,526 
 (4,800,383 
 (8.7 

Net
Sales 

Our
total net sales decreased year-over-year by 4.8 million or 8.7 . The decline in net sales is directly attributable to decreased sales
of Motorola branded cable modems and gateways, including intelligent networking products that include the Minim SaaS offering. In both
2022 and 2021, we primarily generated our sales by selling cable modems and gateways. Sales related to SaaS offerings were 912 thousand
and 525 thousand in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in other networking products of 131 thousand
in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to a reduction in MoCA products and a refocus on new products introductions. 

Cost
of Goods Sold and Gross Margin 

Cost
of goods sold consists primarily of the following: the cost of finished products from our third-party manufacturers; overhead costs,
including purchasing, product planning, inventory control, warehousing and distribution logistics; third-party software licensing fees;
inbound freight; import duties/tariffs; warranty costs associated with returned goods; write-downs for excess and obsolete inventory;
amortization of certain acquired intangibles and software development costs; and costs attributable to the provision of service offerings. 

The
decrease in gross profit was attributable to sales decline of Motorola branded cable modems and gateways, an inventory reserve on a single
product, and increased freight and component costs. We outsource our manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution logistics. We believe
this outsourcing strategy allows us to better manage our product costs and gross margin. Our gross margin can be affected by a number
of factors, including fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, sales returns, changes in average selling prices, end-user customer rebates
and other channel sales incentives, changes in our cost of goods sold due to fluctuations and increases in prices paid for components,
overhead costs, inbound freight and duty/tariffs, conversion costs, and charges for excess or obsolete inventory. 

27 

The
following table presents net sales, cost of goods sold, and gross margin, for the periods indicated: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Net sales 
 50,622,143 
 55,422,526 
 (4,800,383 
 (8.7 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 38,695,605 
 36,504,874 
 2,190,731 
 (6.0 
 
 Gross margin 
 23.6 
 34.1 

Gross
profit and gross margin decreased in fiscal 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the decline in net sales and an
inventory reserve on a single product of approximately 1.9 million. 

We
expect fiscal 2023 gross margins to increase. In 2023, we do not anticipate significant inventory reserves. In 2022, we experienced meaningful
increases in costs of freight, materials, and components for our products. Although freight and certain component costs have reduced
beginning in the third quarter of 2022, we will not realize improvements to margins until mid-2023 as we continue to work through inventory
obtained when freight and component costs were elevated. We may continue to experience disruptions from the pandemic, with manufacturing
partners being affected by factory uptime and scarcity of materials and components. These disruptions could increase the length of time
taken between order to production and transportation of inventory. If such disruptions become widespread, they could significantly affect
our ability to fulfill the demand for our products. Forecasting gross margin percentages is difficult, and there are several risks related
to our ability to maintain or improve our current gross margin levels. Our cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales can vary significantly
based upon factors such as: uncertainties surrounding revenue volumes, including future pricing and/or potential discounts as a result
of the economy, competition, the timing of sales, and related production level variances; import customs duties and imposed tariffs;
changes in technology; changes in product mix; expenses associated with writing off excessive or obsolete inventory; fluctuations in
freight costs; manufacturing and purchase price variances; and changes in prices on commodity components. 

Selling
and Marketing 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising, trade shows, corporate communications and other marketing expenses, product
marketing expenses, outbound freight costs, personnel expenses for sales and marketing staff, technical support expenses, and facility
allocations. The following table presents sales and marketing expenses, for the periods indicated: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 15,022,638 
 13,747,959 
 1,274,679 
 9.3 

Sales
and marketing expenses increased in fiscal 2022, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in marketing program campaigns
of 1.0 million and Motorola royalty fees of 0.3 million. 

We
expect our selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales in fiscal 2023 to decrease compared to fiscal 2022 levels. Expenses
may fluctuate depending on sales levels achieved as certain expenses, such as commissions, are determined based upon the net sales achieved.
Forecasting selling and marketing expenses is highly dependent on expected net sales levels and could vary significantly depending on
actual net sales achieved in any given quarter. Marketing expenses may also fluctuate depending upon the timing, extent and nature of
marketing programs. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist of salaries and related expenses for executives, finance and accounting, human resources, information
technology, professional fees, including legal costs associated with defending claims against us, allowance for doubtful accounts, facility
allocations, and other general corporate expenses. The following table presents general and administrative expenses, for the periods
indicated: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 General and administrative 
 6,124,034 
 4,889,702 
 1,234,332 
 25.2 

28 

General
and administrative expenses increased 1.2 million primarily due to an increase of 1.2 million in personnel costs, including 0.2 million
in severance costs and 0.3 million in stock compensation expense, and 0.6 million in software licenses, partially offset by a decrease
of 0.5 million in professional services fees. 

Future
general and administrative expense increases or decreases in absolute dollars are difficult to predict due to the lack of visibility
of certain costs, including legal costs associated with defending claims against us, and other factors. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, payments to suppliers for design services, safety and regulatory testing,
product certification expenditures to qualify our products for sale into specific markets, prototypes, IT, and other consulting fees.
Research and development expenses are recognized as they are incurred. Our research and development organization is focused on enhancing
our ability to introduce innovative and easy-to-use products and services. The following table presents research and development expenses,
for the periods indicated: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Research and development 
 5,824,906 
 6,164,362 
 (339,456 
 (5.5 

The
decrease of 339 thousand was primarily due to certification costs of 0.4 million, offset by 0.1 million in software licenses. 

We
believe that innovation and technological leadership is critical to our future success, and we are committed to continuing a significant
level of research and development to develop new technologies, products and services. We continue to invest in research and development
to expand our hardware product offerings focused on premium WiFi 6E, WiFi 6, and software solutions. We expect research and development
expenses as a percentage of net sales in fiscal 2023 to be in line with or slightly below fiscal 2022 levels. Research and development
expenses may fluctuate depending on the timing and number of development activities and could vary significantly as a percentage of net
sales, depending on actual net sales achieved in any given year. 

Trademark
sale. On August 12, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Zoom Video Communications, Inc. to sell all of the Company s
right, title and interest in the ZOOM trademark for cash consideration in the amount of 4.0 million, net of legal costs incurred
of 44 thousand. The Company did not have a carrying basis in the trademark that was subject to the agreement and recorded income of
approximately 4.0 million, which is recorded in income from continuing operations pursuant to ASC 360-10, Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Other
 income (expense) 

(391,856) 

(206,149) 

(185,707) 

(90.1) 

Other
income (expense), net was an expense of 392 thousand in fiscal 2022 and expense of 206 thousand in fiscal 2021, primarily due to increased
borrowing interest rates related to the SVB Loan Agreement. 

Income
Tax Expense (Benefit). We recorded minimum state income tax for a few states and tax related to our operations in Mexico, which was
 112 thousand and 64 thousand in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Income taxes 
 112,348 
 63,773 
 48,575 
 76.2 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, sales of inventory, borrowing under our line-of credit and a bridge loan
at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 530 thousand and 500 thousand in restricted cash
as compared to 12.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and 500 thousand in restricted cash on December 31, 2021. On December 31,
2022, we had 4.8 million of borrowings outstanding and 38 thousand available on our 10.0 million SVB line-of-credit and working capital
of 15.7 million. We have funded our operations and investing activities primarily through borrowings on our line of credit, the sale
of assets and the sale of our common stock. 

Our
historical cash outflows have primarily been associated with: (1) cash used for operating activities such as the purchase and growth
of inventory, expansion of our sales and marketing and research and development and other working capital needs; (2) capital expenditures related to the
acquisition of equipment; and (4) cash used to repay our debt obligations and related interest expense. Fluctuations in our working capital
due to timing differences of our cash receipts and cash disbursements also impact our cash inflows and outflows. 

Our
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern.
The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
However, substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern, and we will require additional liquidity to
continue operations beyond the next 12 months. 

Our consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022, do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of
assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if we were unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to
continue as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried
on our financial statements, and it is likely that investors will lose all or part of their investment. 

29 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table presents our cash flows for the periods presented: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (12,170,073 
 (14,272,267 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (695,017 
 (681,828 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 824,755 
 26,452,783 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (12,040,335 
 11,498,688 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities. 

Cash
used in operating activities of 12.2 million for 2022 reflected our net loss of 15.5 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses, consisting
primarily of 0.8 million of depreciation and amortization, 1.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, and a 0.1 million write-off
of goodwill and intangible assets. Uses of cash included a reduction in accounts payable of 9.6 million and a decrease in accrued expenses
 0.8 million. Sources of cash included a decrease of accounts receivable of 2.2 million, a decrease in inventory of 6.7 million, and
increase in deferred revenue of 671 thousand. 

Cash
used in operating activities of 14.3 million for 2021 reflected our net loss of 2.2 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses, consisting
primarily of 1.0 million of depreciation and amortization and 1.0 million of stock-based compensation expense. Uses of cash include
an increase in inventories 18.0 million) and a decrease in accrued expenses 2.3 million). Sources of cash included a decrease of
accounts receivable of 4.3 million and increases in accounts payable of 862 thousand and deferred revenue of 662 thousand. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities. 

In
2022, 277 thousand was used to purchase equipment and 418 thousand was used for certification costs. 

In
2021, 593 thousand was used to purchase equipment and 89 thousand was used for certification costs. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities. Cash provided by financing activities in 2022 consisted of proceeds from a bridge loan of 1
million, proceeds from stock option exercises of 0.2 million. Uses of cash in 2022 included 0.4 million in borrowing reductions under
our SVB line-of-credit. 

Cash
provided by financing activities in 2021 consisted of a source of cash of 22.7 million from a public offering, 5.2 million from borrowings
under our SVB line-of-credit, and 1.2 million in proceeds from the exercises of common stock options. Uses of cash include the repayment
of the Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. line-of-credit of 2.4 million. 

Future
Liquidity Needs 

Our
primary short-term needs for capital, which are subject to change, include expenditures related to: 

the
 acquisition of equipment and other fixed assets for use in our current and future manufacturing and research and development facilities;

upgrades
 to our information technology infrastructure to enhance our capabilities and improve overall productivity; 

support
 of our commercialization efforts related to our current and future products, including expansion of our direct sales force and field
 support resources; 

the
 continued advancement of research and development activities. 

In addition,
we will need to refinance the SVB Loan Agreement and the Bridge Loan by January 2024, which is when the respective agreements terminate. 

Our
capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within our control. We expect that our product sales and the resulting operating loss
as well as the status of each of our product development programs, will significantly impact our cash management decisions. 

At
December 31, 2022, we believe our current cash and cash equivalents may not be sufficient to fund working capital requirements, capital
expenditures and operations during the next twelve months. Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend on our ability to obtain
additional equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies, reduce or contain expenditures and increase revenue s.
Based on these factors, management determined that there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. In the first quarter of 2023, the Company has implemented cost reduction plans to align
its cost structure to its sales and increase its liquidity. The Company will continue to monitor its costs in relation to its sales and
adjust its cost structure accordingly. 

Our
future liquidity and capital requirements will be influenced by numerous factors, including the extent and duration of any future operating
losses, the level and timing of future sales and expenditures, the results and scope of ongoing research and product development programs,
working capital required to support our sales growth, funds required to service our debt, the receipt of and time required to obtain
regulatory clearances and approvals, our sales and marketing programs, our need for infrastructure to support our sales growth, the continuing
acceptance of our products in the marketplace, competing technologies and changes in the market and regulatory environment. 

30 

Our
ability to fund our longer-term cash needs is subject to various risks, many of which are beyond our control See Risk Factors We
may require significant additional capital to pursue our growth strategy, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent
us from executing our growth strategy. Should we require additional funding, such as additional capital investments, we may need
to raise the required additional funds through bank borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities. We cannot assure
that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us, if at all. 

At
December 31, 2022, we have Federal and state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 60.6 million and 29.8 million, respectively,
available to reduce future taxable income. A valuation allowance has been established for the full amount of deferred income tax assets
as management has concluded that it is more-likely than-not that the benefits from such assets will not be realized. 

Contractual
Obligations 

For
a description of our operating leases, refer to Note 8 and for a description of our bank credit line and bridge loan agreement, license
agreement and purchase commitments, refer to Note 9 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

In
2006, the Company entered into a maquiladora agreement with North American Production Sharing, Inc. NAPS ). This agreement
provides that NAPS provide certain personnel and other services for a production facility in Mexico on our behalf. Although the maquiladora
agreement expired on September 25, 2019, the agreement automatically renews annually unless otherwise cancelled per provisions in the
agreement. Any related assets, liabilities, or expenses are reported in the accompanying financial statements. Additionally, the Company
is obligated to pay future minimum required royalty payments associated with certain licensing agreements which are not included in our
consolidated balance sheet. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required. 

ITEM
8 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

31 

MINIM,
INC. 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7-
 F-25 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Stockholders
and the Board of Directors 

 Minim,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Minim, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations and will need additional
funding within the next twelve months. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters also are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue
Recognition 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue when a customer obtains control of promised goods and
services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange
for these goods and services. The Company offers customers the ability to purchase their hardware products along with Software-as-a-Service SaaS offerings as a bundled arrangement. The Company must determine which promises are distinct performance obligations
and allocate the revenue to the performance obligations that are considered distinct based upon their relative Stand-alone Selling Price
(SSP). Revenue allocated to hardware is recognized at a point in time upon delivery and revenue allocated to the SaaS is recognized over
time over the estimated life of the customer, provided all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 

We
identified the identification of distinct performance obligations and the allocation of arrangement consideration as a critical audit
matter because of the significant judgments made by the Company in determining revenue recognition. Auditing management s judgments
regarding the identification of performance obligations and the allocation of arrangement consideration involved a high degree of auditor
judgment and increased effort. 

Our
audit procedures related to the identification of distinct performance obligations and the allocation of arrangement consideration included
the following, among others: 

We
 evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to these customer agreements for reasonableness. 

We
 obtained and read a sample of revenue contracts and evaluated the completeness of the performance obligations identified by management,
 and performed an evaluation of whether these performance obligations were distinct and capable of being distinct. 

We
 tested the reasonableness of the allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation by comparing management s
 allocation to the historical pricing for each performance obligations when they are sold separately. 

For
 each sample of revenue contracts with multiple performance obligations, we also tested the allocation of the transaction price to
 each performance obligation based upon the SSP. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
 31, 2023 

F- 2 

MINIM,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and, 2021, respectively 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Bank credit line 

Accounts payable 

Current maturities of bridge loan agreement 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Current maturities of operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, less current maturities 

Deferred revenue, noncurrent 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred Stock, Authorized: shares at par value; shares issued and outstanding 

Common Stock: Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, at par value; issued and outstanding: shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

MINIM,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sale of Trademark, net 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt (Note 7) 

Other, net 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted average common and common equivalent shares: 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MINIM,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Stock option exercises 

Public offering equity, net of issuance costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Stock option exercises 

Common stock issued for vested restricted units 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MINIM,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Amortization of sales contract costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Goodwill impairment charge 

Intangible asset impairment charge 

Provision for (recovery of) accounts receivable allowances 

Provision for inventory reserves 

Non-cash loan forgiveness 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of equipment 

Certification costs incurred and capitalized 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from the bank credit line 

Proceeds from bridge loan agreement 

Repayment of the Rosenthal bank credit line 

Costs associated with bank credit line 

Repayment of government loan 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Proceeds from public offering, net of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - Beginning 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - Ending 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Cash is reported on the consolidated statements of cash flows as follows: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MINIM,
INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

thousand and
during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of million.
The Company will require additional liquidity to continue operations beyond the next 12 months. 

The
 Company is evaluating strategies to obtain the required additional funding for future operations.
These strategies may include but are not limited to equity offerings, debt financings, and cost reductions. However, given a variety
of external factors including the impact of the recent economic downturn in the U.S. and global financial markets, the Company may be
unable to access further equity or debt financing when needed. The Company may engage in cost-cutting measures in an attempt to extend
its cash resources. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under
acceptable terms, if at all. The Company believes that it can be successful in obtaining debt refinancing; however, no assurance can
be provided that it will be able to do so. 

The
 Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022, do not include
any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if the
Company were unable to continue as a going concern. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital and is therefore unable to
continue as a going concern, it may have to liquidate its assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried
on its consolidated financial statements, and it is likely that investors will lose all or part of their investment. 

Liquidity 

The
Company s operations have historically been financed through the issuance of common stock and borrowings. Since inception, the
Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
incurred a net loss of million and used cash in operations of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of million and cash and cash equivalents of thousand and restricted cash of thousand. The SVB Loan Agreement
and Bridge Loan expire on January 15, 2024, and the Company will have to refinance both debt arrangements prior to the expiration date. In the first quarter of 2023, the Company has implemented cost reduction plans to align its cost structure to its
sales and increase its liquidity. The Company will continue to monitor its cost in relation to its sales and adjust its cost structure
accordingly. Management of the
Company believes it will not have sufficient resources to continue as a going concern through at least one year from the issuance of these financial
statements. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation. Certain prior year amounts
have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

Certain
amounts in the consolidated financial statements and associated notes may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated
using unrounded amounts. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. These
judgments, estimates and assumptions made by the Company include, but are not limited to revenue recognition, the allowance for
doubtful accounts (collectability); contract liabilities (sales returns); valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets;
write-downs of inventory for slow-moving and obsolete items and stock-based compensation. The Company evaluates its estimates and
assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors and adjusts those estimates and assumptions when facts
and circumstances dictate. Actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions and the
differences may be material. 

Foreign
Currencies 

The
Company s reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The Company generates a portion of its revenues in markets outside North America
principally in transactions denominated in foreign currencies, which exposes the Company to risks of foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign
currency transaction gains (losses) are included in the consolidated statements of operations under other income (expense). 

thousand, respectively, relates to letters of credit to support a
bond on tariffs. 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to
be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s cash equivalents were held in institutions in the U.S. and
include deposits in higher-interest bank accounts which were unrestricted as to withdrawal or use. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers accounted for 10 or greater individually, and in the aggregate of the Company s
total net sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for 10 or greater individually, and in the aggregate
of the Company s total net sales. Accounts receivable are unsecured and the Company does not require collateral; however, the Company
does assess the collectability of accounts receivable based on a number of factors, including past transaction history with, and the
creditworthiness of, the customer. Accordingly, the Company is exposed to credit risk associated with accounts receivable. At December
31, 2022, two customers with an accounts receivable balance of 10 or greater individually accounted for a combined of the Company s
accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, four customers with an accounts receivable balance of 10 or greater individually accounted
for a combined of the Company s accounts receivable. To reduce risk, the Company closely monitors the amounts due from its
customers and assesses the financial strength of its customers through a variety of methods that include, but are not limited to, engaging
directly with customer operations and leadership personnel, visiting customer locations to observe operating activities, and assessing
customer longevity and reputation in the marketplace. As a result, the Company believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure
is limited. 

The
Company depends on many third-party suppliers for key components contained in its product offerings. For some of these components, the
Company may only use a single source supplier, in part due to the lack of alternative sources of supply. During 2022 and 2021, the Company
had two and one suppliers that provided and , respectively, of the Company s purchased inventory. 

thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

capitalized costs incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. Each impairment test is
based on a comparison of the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets over their estimated economic life to
the related carrying value of those assets to determine if the assets are impaired. If an impairment is indicated, the asset is written
down to its estimated fair value. The cash flow estimates used to identify the potential impairment reflect our best estimates using
appropriate assumptions and projections at that time. In evaluating potential impairment of these assets, we specifically consider whether
any indicators of impairment are present, including, but not limited to: 

whether
 there has been a significant adverse change in the business climate that affects the value of an asset: 

whether
 there has been a significant change in the extent or way an asset is used; and 

whether
 there is an expectation that the asset will be sold or disposed of before the end of its originally estimated useful life. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of thousand related to its customer relationships, which
is associated with the Company s ISP business that is being discontinued. The Company s other intangible assets and long-lived assets were determined to
not be impaired as of December 31, 2022. 

thousand and thousand, respectively. 

The
long-term insurance policies are amortized over the term of the coverage period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance outstanding
for long-term insurance policies, net of accumulated amortization, was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares - basic 

Effect of dilutive common share equivalents 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average common shares - dilutive 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Diluted
loss per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 excludes the effects of and common share equivalents,
respectively, since such inclusion would be anti-dilutive. The common share equivalents consist of shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of outstanding stock options. 

The
SaaS agreements are offered over a defined contract period, generally one year, and are sold to Internet service providers, who then
promote the services to their subscribers. These services are available as an on-demand application over the defined term. The agreements
include service offerings, which deliver applications and technologies via cloud-based deployment models that the Company develops functionality
for, provides unspecified updates and enhancements for, and hosts, manages, provides upgrade and support for the customers access
by entering into solution agreements for a stated period. The monthly fees charged to the customers are based on the number of subscribers
utilizing the services each month, and the revenue recognized generally corresponds to the monthly billing amounts as the services are
delivered. 

Multiple
Performance Obligations 

The
Company has hardware products that include SaaS services as a bundled product. The Company accounts for these sales in accordance with
the multiple performance obligation guidance of ASC Topic 606. For multiple performance obligation contracts, the Company accounts for
the promises separately as individual performance obligations if they are distinct. Performance obligations are determined to be distinct
if they are both capable of being distinct and distinct within the context of the contract. In determining whether performance obligations
meet the criteria of being distinct, the Company considers a number of factors, such as degree of interrelation and interdependence between
obligations, and whether or not the good or service significantly modifies or transforms another good or service in the contract. SaaS
included with certain hardware products is considered distinct from the hardware, and therefore the hardware and SaaS offerings are treated
as separate performance obligations. 

After
identifying the separate performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the separate obligations on a relative standalone
selling price basis SSP ). SSP s are generally determined based on the prices charged to customers when the performance
obligation is sold separately or using an adjusted market assessment. The estimated SSP of the hardware and SaaS offerings are directly
observable from the sales of those products and SaaS based on a range of prices. 

Revenue
is recognized for each distinct performance obligation as control is transferred to the customer. Revenue attributable to hardware products
bundled with SaaS offerings are recognized at the time control of the product transfers to the customer. The transaction price allocated
to the SaaS offering is recognized ratably beginning when the customer is expected to activate their account and over a three-year period
that the Company has estimated based on the expected replacement of the hardware. 

Other
considerations of ASC 606 include the following: 

Returned Goods - analyses of actual returned products are compared to the product return estimates and historically have resulted
in immaterial differences. The Company has concluded that the current process of estimating the return reserve represents a fair measure
to adjust revenue. Returned goods are a form of variable consideration and under ASC Topic 606 are estimated and recognized as a reduction
of revenue as performance obligations are satisfied (e.g., upon shipment of goods). The sales returns accrual was thousand and 
million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Warranties - the Company does not offer its customers a separate warranty for purchase. Therefore, there is no separate performance
obligation. The Company accrues for assurance-type warranties, which do not include any additional distinct services other than the assurance
that the goods comply with agreed-upon specifications. The warranty reserve was not material at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Price protection - if the Company reduces the price on any products sold to the customer, the Company will guarantee an account
credit for the price difference for all quantities of that product that the customer still holds. Price protection is variable and under
ASC Topic 606 is estimated and recognized as a reduction of revenue as performance obligations are satisfied (e.g., upon shipment of
goods). The price protection accrual was not material at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Volume Rebates and Promotion Programs - volume rebates are variable dependent upon the volume of goods sold-through the Company s
customers to end-users and under ASC Topic 606 are estimated and recognized as a reduction of revenue as performance obligations are
satisfied (e.g., upon shipment of goods). The rebate and promotion accrual was t material at December 31, 2022, and thousand at
December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Contract
Balances 

Accounts
receivable is recorded when the Company has an unconditional right to the consideration. When the timing of the Company s delivery
of goods or services is different from the timing of payments made by customers, the Company recognize either a contract asset (performance
precedes contractual due date) or a contract liability (customer payment precedes performance). When a customer prepays, that payment
is reflected as deferred revenue until the performance obligation is satisfied. Contract assets consist of unbilled receivables (see
Note 5). 

The
Company s business is controlled as a single operating segment that consists of the manufacture and sale of cable modems and gateway,
and the majority of the Company s customers are retailers and distributors. 

on the first anniversary of the original vesting date, with
the balance vesting monthly over the remaining three years. The fair value of stock options with a service condition on the grant date
is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of these awards is recognized as compensation expense on a
straight-line basis over the requisite service period in which the awards are expected to vest and forfeitures are recognized as they
occur. 

The
Black-Scholes model considers several variables and assumptions in estimating the fair value of service-based stock options. These variables
include the per share fair value of the underlying common stock, exercise price, expected term, risk-free interest rate, expected annual
dividend yield and expected stock price volatility over the expected term. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield available
on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues similar in duration to the expected term of the equity-settled award. 

RSUs
initially granted to an optionee generally vest at a rate of on the first anniversary of the original vesting date, with the balance
vesting quarterly over the remaining three years. The fair value of RSUs is based on the market price of the Company s common stock
on the date of grant. 

million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock, to the Underwriters (the Public Offering ).
The shares of Common Stock were sold to the public at an offering price of per share and were purchased by the Underwriters from
the Company at a price of per share. On August 2, 2021, the Company received million in aggregate net proceeds after deducting
Underwriters discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses after issuing shares of the Company s Common
Stock through the Public Offering. 

million, net of legal costs incurred
of thousand. The Company did not have a carrying basis in the trademark that was subject to the agreement and recorded income of
approximately million, which is recorded in income from continuing operations pursuant to ASC 360-10, Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets. Under the terms on the agreement, the Company was allowed to use and sell the product under the ZOOM trademark
until February 11, 2022. 

million, which is recorded as deferred revenue on the
Company s consolidated balance sheets. Of that amount, thousand will be recognized as revenue during the year ended December
31, 2023, and thousand thereafter. 

Contract
costs 

The
Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if the Company expects the benefit of those costs to
be longer than one year. The Company has determined that certain sales commissions meet the requirements to be capitalized, and the Company
amortizes these costs on a consistent basis with the pattern of transfer of the goods and services in the contract. Total capitalized
costs to obtain a contract were immaterial during the periods presented and are included in other current and long-term assets on our
consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company applied a practical expedient to expense costs as incurred for costs to obtain a contract when the amortization period is one
year or less. These costs include sales commissions on software maintenance contracts with a contract period of one year or less as sales
commissions on contract renewals are commensurate with those paid on the initial contract. 

Contract
Balances 

The
Company records accounts receivable when it has an unconditional right to the consideration. Contract liabilities consist of deferred
revenue, which represents payments received in advance of revenue recognition related to SaaS agreements and for prepayments for products
or services yet to be delivered. 

Payment
terms vary by customer. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer
types, payment is required before the products or services are delivered to the customer. 

Deferred revenue - current 

Deferred revenue - noncurrent 

Billings 

Revenue recognized 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

Distributors 

Other 

Revenues 

The
following table sets forth our revenues by product: 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cable Modems gateways 

Other networking products 

Software as a Service 

Revenues 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total 

Finished
goods includes consigned inventory held by our customers of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
There was in-transit inventory in the finished good balance at December 31, 2022, however the December 31, 2021 balance included 
million. The Company reviews inventory for obsolete and slow-moving products each quarter and makes provisions based on its estimate
of the probability that the material will not be consumed or that it will be sold below cost. The inventory reserves were million and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Equipment 

Machinery and equipment 

Molds, tools and dies 

Office furniture and fixtures 

Accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation
expense was thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Goodwill 

In
December 2018, Cadence Connectivity acquired the net assets of MCP Networks Inc., a provider of a cloud-based home network
management platform. The acquisition expanded Cadence Connectivity s subscriber base and thereby offered sales opportunities
of Cadence Connectivity s SaaS to these subscribers. Cadence Connectivity recorded 
thousand of goodwill related to this acquisition in its historical accounts of December 2018. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
determined that the goodwill was impaired after the annual impairment test indicated that the carrying amount of the Company s
single reporting unit exceeded the estimated fair value and accordingly recorded a 
thousand impairment charge to general and administrative expense in the statement of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the
Company had 
impairment. 

Intangible
Assets 

In
December 2018, Cadence Connectivity acquired the net assets of MCP Networks Inc., a provider of a cloud-based home network management
platform. The acquisition expanded Cadence Connectivity s subscriber base and thereby offered sales opportunities of Cadence Connectivity s
SaaS to these subscribers. Cadence Connectivity recorded thousand of customer relationships related to this acquisition in its historical
accounts of December 2018. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the intangible asset of customer relationships was impaired
as result of the Company s discontinuation of the ISP business to which these customers are associated and accordingly recorded
a thousand impairment, net of accumulated amortization, to sales and marketing expense in the statement of operations. As of December
31, 2021, the Company had impairment. 

Customer relationships 

Acquired web domain 

Amortization
expense was thousand and 
 thousand
in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Accrued
expenses 

Payroll and related benefits 

Professional fees 

Royalty costs 

Sales allowances 

Sales and use tax 

Other 

Total accrued other expenses 

million. . 

The
SVB Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets but excludes the Company s intellectual property.
 . 

On
December 12, 2022, the Company entered into its second Amendment to the SVB Loan Agreement (the Second Amendment ). The
Second Amendment (i) reduced the aggregate amount available under the revolving credit line from million to million, (ii) extends
maturity to January 15, 2024, and (iii) provides a waiver for an existing default under the SVB Loan Agreement by virtue of the Company
having entered into a Bridge Loan and Security Agreement dated as of November 23, 2022 by and among Borrower and Slingshot Capital, LLC,
under which Borrower incurred certain Indebtedness and granted a Lien to Slingshot Capital. 

The
Company incurred thousand in origination costs in connection with entering into the SVB Loan Agreement. These origination costs
were recorded as a debt discount and are being expensed over the remaining term of the facility. Interest expense was thousand and
 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had million outstanding, net of origination costs of thousand, under the SVB Loan Agreement,
and this credit line had availability of thousand. 

The
interest rate on the bank credit lines was as of December 31, 2022. 

On
March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank went into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and is now the Silicon
Valley Bridge Bank. The SVB Loan Agreement has been transferred to Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, and the revolving facility remains accessible
to the Company. On March 27, 2023, the SVB Loan Agreement was transferred to First-Citizens Bank Trust Company First-Citizens upon First-Citizens entered into a purchase and assumption agreement for all deposits and loans of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank. 

Covenants 

The
SVB Loan Agreement includes a minimum interest expense per month of thousand. The First Amendment required the Company to maintain
certain levels of minimum adjusted EBITDA, which were tested on the last day of each calendar quarter and measured for the trailing 3-month
period ending on the last day of each quarter. The Second Amendment removed the minimum EBITDA covenants. 

In
addition, pursuant to the SVB Loan Agreement, the Company cannot pay any dividends without the prior written consent of SVB. 

Bridge
Loan 

On
November 30, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company and Slingshot Capital, LLC Slingshot Capital entered
into a Bridge Loan Agreement (the Bridge Loan Agreement pursuant to which Slingshot Capital agreed to make available a
bridge loan in the principal amount up of up to . In conjunction with the Bridge Loan Agreement, the Company executed a bridge
term note (the Bridge Term Note in favor of Slingshot Capital. The Company has drawn down under the Bridge
Loan Agreement. Subject to Slingshot Capital s sole discretion, the other may be drawn by the Company. 

Principal
amounts borrowed under the Bridge Loan Agreement bear interest for the period from the Effective Date until February 28, 2023 of 
per annum. Unpaid principal after February 28, 2023 bear an interest of per annum until paid in full. In the event of default,
all outstanding principal and interest shall bear interest at an annual rate of . 

In
connection with the Bridge Loan Agreement, the Company, Slingshot Capital, and Silicon Valley Bank (the Senior Lender executed a subordination agreement (the Subordination Agreement on November 30, 2022. The Loan Agreement is subordinated
to the outstanding indebtedness and obligations under the Company s senior credit facility. Subject to the Senior Lender s
written consent, the Company shall grant Slingshot Capital a second-priority security interest in all of the Company s collateral,
which shall be subordinated to any and all security interests granted to the Senior Lender and at all times shall be limited to the same
collateral granted to the Senior Lender under the senior credit facility. 

Principal
and interest are not due and payable until the maturity date, which is January 15, 2024, unless the Company s senior credit facility
with the Senior Lender is paid in full in cash on an earlier date. 

The
Company reimbursed Slingshot Capital for its reasonable and documented expenses and fees related to the negotiations, documentation,
and execution of the Bridge Loan Agreement, Subordination Agreement, and Bridge Term Note. 

Slingshot
Capital is owned by the Company s Chairperson of the Board and a Board of Director, Jeremy Hitchcock and Elizabeth Hitchcock, respectively. 

Government
Loans 

The
Company participated in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and received an aggregate in unsecured loans
under the Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program, at a fixed rate of per annum. Under the terms of the loans, the
Company received forgiveness of an aggregate and in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company repaid and 
in 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding balances under the loans. 

square feet, in Tijuana, Mexico. In November 2021, the Company entered into operating lease agreements
extending each lease through November 30, 2023. Lease payments total approximately thousand per month. Rent expense was thousand
and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
May 2020, the Company signed a two -year lease agreement for square feet of office space at 275 Turnpike Executive Park in Canton,
MA. . The location is currently
utilized by the Company s research and development group. Rent expense was thousand and thousand for the year ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. On December 1, 2021, the Company executed an amendment to extend the lease from June 2022 to May 2024
with monthly payments of approximately thousand. 

The
Company leases the facility that comprises its headquarters at 848 Elm Street in Manchester, NH. The facility lease agreement was effective
from August 1, 2019 to July 31, 2021 and was renewed for a one year extension until July 31, 2022. On July 18, 2022, the lease agreement
was amended to a month-to-month lease arrangement and may be terminated by either party with a 60-day notice. The facility lease agreement
provides for the lease of square feet of office space. Rent expense was thousand and thousand for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs 

Weighted average discount rate 

Non-cash activities: 

ROU asset obtained in exchange for lease liability 

2024 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

(b)
Commitments 

The
Company is party to a license agreement with Motorola Mobility LLC pursuant to which the Company has an exclusive license to use certain
trademarks owned by Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC for the manufacture, sale and marketing of consumer cable modem products, consumer
routers, WiFi range extenders, MoCa adapters, cellular sensors, home powerline network adapters, and access points worldwide through
a wide range of authorized sales channels. The license agreement has a term ending December 31, 2025. 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Royalty
expense under the License Agreement amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
and is reported in selling and marketing expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

shares,
consisting of shares of Common Stock and shares of Preferred Stock (see Note 1). 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock at par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
shares of preferred stock was outstanding. 

The
Board of Directors may determine the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted or imposed
upon any series of preferred stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock at par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had and , respectively, shares of common stock outstanding. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

In
July 2019, the Company terminated the 2009 Stock Option Plan and the 2009 Directors Option Plan (collectively, the Prior Plans and adopted the 2019 Stock Option Plan (the 2019 Stock Options Plan and the 2019 Directors Option Plan (the 2019
Directors Option Plan (collectively, the 2019 Plans , and together with the Prior Plans, the Plans ).
The purpose of the 2019 Plans is to provide certain incentive and non-statutory stock options to employees, directors and certain non-employees.
As a result, the Company may not grant any additional awards under the Prior Plans. The Prior Plans will continue to govern outstanding
stock options previously granted thereunder. The Company has initially reserved shares and shares of common stock
for issuance of awards under the 2019 Stock Option Plans and the 2019 Directors Option Plan, respectively. 

The
2019 Plans authorize grants to purchase shares of authorized but unissued common stock. Stock options can be granted with an exercise
price no less than or equal to the stock s fair market value at the date of grant. All awards have 10-year terms. The 2019 Plans
permit incentive stock options, or ISOs and non-qualified stock options, or NSOs. If the stock options are granted to a stockholder,
then the exercise price per share may not be less than of the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock on
the grant date. The board of directors sets the fair value and exercise price for the underlying shares at the grant date. 

On
November 9, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved of the Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan and Non-Employee Directors
Compensation Plan (collectively, the 2021 Equity Plans and terminated the 2019 Plans. The purpose of the 2021 Equity Plans
is to provide certain incentive and non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights
to employees, directors, and certain non-employees. As a result, the Company may not grant any additional awards under the 2019 Plans.
The Prior Plans and the 2019 Plans will continue to govern outstanding stock options previously granted thereunder. The Company has initially
reserved shares and shares of common stock for issuance of awards under the Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan and
Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan, respectively. On June 9, 2022, the 2021 Equity Plans were approved by the Company s shareholders. 

Stock
Option Activity 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

There
were no options granted during 2022 under the stock option plan. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted was 
per share during the year ended December 31, 2021. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was thousand and million, respectively. The intrinsic value is the difference between the estimated fair value
of the Company s common stock at the time of exercise and the exercise price of the stock option. 

The
total fair value of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the stock options was thousand, which
will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Stock-based
Valuation Assumptions 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 
 - 

Restricted
Stock Units 

During
2022, the Company granted RSUs with a total fair value of thousand under the 2021 Equity Plans. As of December 31, 2022,
there were RSUs vested with a fair value of thousand. The Company recorded thousand in stock-based compensation expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense was thousand,
which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Stock-based
Compensation Expense 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Foreign 

Year Ended December 31, 2022: 

U.S. Federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

Inventories 

Accounts
 receivable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Net
 operating loss and tax credit carry forwards 

Plant
 and equipment 

Stock
 compensation 

Other
 interest expense 

Total
 deferred income tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

() 

) 

Net
 deferred tax assets 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had Federal net operating loss carry forwards of approximately million which are available to
offset future taxable income. They are due to expire in varying amounts from 2023 to 2040. Federal net operating losses occurring after
December 31, 2017, of approximated million may be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state
net operating loss carry forwards of approximately million which are available to offset future taxable income. They are due to
expire in varying amounts from 2033 through 2040. A valuation allowance has been established for the full amount of net deferred income
tax assets as management has concluded that it is more-likely than-not that the benefits from such assets will not be realized. The total
valuation allowance increased by million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 

The
Federal and state NOLs may be subject to certain limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, which could significantly
restrict the Company s ability to use the NOLs to offset taxable income in subsequent years. 

As result
of changes made by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, that became effective as of January 1, 2022, the company is now required to capitalize
for tax purposes certain research and development expenses and amortize domestic expenses over a year period and foreign expenses over
a year period, resulting in a deferred tax asset for the capitalized amounts as reflected in the above table. 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: 

State income taxes 

Change in valuation allowance 

Expiration of NOLs 

Expiration of stock options 

Permanent differences 

Changes in Federal and state rates 

Effective income tax rate 

The
Company reviews annually the guidance for the financial statement recognition, measurement and disclosure of uncertain tax positions
recognized in the financial statements. Tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any material uncertain tax positions. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
positions were accrued at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S., India, and Mexico. Tax years subsequent to 2016 remain subject to examination for both
U.S. Federal and state tax reporting purposes. Tax years subsequent to 2015 remain subject to examination for Mexico tax reporting purposes.
The foreign income tax reported represents tax on operations for the Company that is located in a special economic zone in Mexico. Other
than the Mexico facility, the Company has an India operation and has no other operations in a foreign location. The India operation had
no tax obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

of an employee s
contribution. Employees could contribute to the 401(k) up to of their wages with a maximum of for 2022. Under the Economic
Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act, employees who are age 50 or older could contribute an additional per year for a maximum
of for 2022. Contributions by the employees are invested in one or more funds at the direction of the employee; however, employee
contributions cannot be invested in Company stock. Contributions by the Company are made in accordance with the investment elections
made by each participant for his or her deferral contributions. The matching contribution is applied to the employee accounts after each
payroll. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company matched of an employee s contribution, up to a maximum of per
employee per year. The Company matching contributions charged to expense were thousand and thousand in the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

square feet. For the twelve-months period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the rent
expense was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company and Slingshot Capital, LLC Slingshot Capital entered into a Bridge Loan Agreement (the
 Bridge Loan Agreement pursuant to which Slingshot Capital agreed to make available a bridge loan in the principal amount
up of up to . The Company has drawn down under the Bridge Loan Agreement. Subject to Slingshot Capital s sole
discretion, the other may be drawn by the Company. 

Slingshot
Capital is owned by the Company s Chairperson of the Board and a Board of Director, Jeremy Hitchcock and Elizabeth Hitchcock, respectively. 

million of cash and restricted cash on deposit with SVB, which represents approximately 100 of the Company s total cash and
cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. The Company also had an outstanding line-of-credit facility with SVB with a maximum
borrowing limit of 
million, of which approximately 
million was drawn as of December 31, 2022. Immediately prior to SVB s closure on March 10, 2023, the Company had drawn 
million and 
thousand was available under the credit facility. As a result, the Company is working to identify replacement lenders for this
credit facility, which may be at less favorable terms, including higher interest rates and costs and more stringent financial and
operating covenants due to investor concerns regarding the U.S. financial system. These factors may make it more challenging for the
Company to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
March 30, 2023, the Board of Directors of Minim, Inc. approved a reverse split of the Company s
common stock to be effected through an amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment ).
The Amendment will not effect the number of shares of authorized common stock. 

The
reverse stock split was subject to shareholder approval at a Special Shareholders Meeting (the Special Meeting ), which
took place on March 28, 2023. A majority of shareholders voted in favor of the reverse stock split. The Company s definitive
proxy statement relating to the Special Meeting filed on March 14, 2023, includes additional details regarding the
Amendment. 

The
reverse stock split is expected to begin on a split-adjusted basis in April 2023 as the Company works with Regulatory authorities to
proceed. 

All of the Company s
historical shares and per share information related to issued and outstanding common stock and outstanding equity awards exercisable into
common stock in these consolidated financial statements will be adjusted, on a retroactive basis, to reflect the reverse stock split
in quarter ending March 31, 2023. 

The
following unaudited pro forma selected financial information reflects the impact of the reverse stock split had the effective date of
the reverse stock been as of December 31, 2022. The pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not intended
to be a projection of future operating results. 

Common stock issued and outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted average shares common and common equivalent shares 

Basic and diluted 

F- 25 

ITEM
9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s
Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management necessarily was required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that due to the existence of a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting, described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period
covered by this report in enabling us to record, process, summarize and report information required to be included in our periodic SEC
filings within the required time period. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Judgments by
management are also required in evaluating the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal
control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from
unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded
properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the U.S. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In
making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Our management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022 that
the Company did not have properly designed internal controls over timely preparation and independent review of account analyses,
account summaries and account reconciliations. These internal control failures resulted in material adjustments required to properly
state expense, inventory, deferred revenue, accrued expenses, accounts receivables, and revenues as of and for the year ending
December 31, 2022. Our management reviewed the results of their assessment with our Board of Directors. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. We identified a material weakness with failure to perform adequate independent reviews and maintain effective controls
related to timely preparation of account summaries and reconciliations in the areas of expenses, inventory, deferred revenue, accrued
expenses, accounts receivables, and revenues. This material weakness could result in the Company incorrectly reporting its consolidated
balance sheets, consolidated statement of operations, stockholder s equity, and consolidated statements of cash flows. 

To
remediate the material weakness described above, the Company is instituting reporting enhancements within its accounting system,
standardized and timely account reconciliations, and independent and regular reviews by the finance department to ensure the Company
records are complete and accurate. In addition, the Company will hire an additional resource to provide additional oversight in the
reviews and completion of timely analysis and reconciliations. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the
applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these
controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of this material weakness will be completed before the end of
2023. 

32 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to an exemption from the internal control audit requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Inherent
limitations on effectiveness of controls 

Internal
control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but are not limited to the use of independent professionals for
advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization,
and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject
to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented
by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process
and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company reported a material
weakness in its internal control over financial reporting as set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year
ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The material weaknesses related
to inadequate independent reviews and timely preparation of account summaries and reconciliations in the area of inventory, timely applying
correct costs to customer return inventory, and reserve adequately for customer returned inventory. These material weaknesses could result
in the Company incorrectly reporting its inventory and costs of goods sold. 

Upon identifying the individual
control deficiencies, the Company s management implemented remedial actions to address these control deficiencies. During 2022,
we have successfully completed implementation of these remedial actions related to the timely application of costs to customer return
inventory and applying reserves adequately for customer returned inventory. 

Other than the above, there have been no significant changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
required by this part is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders
which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information
required by this part is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders
which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM
12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information
required by this part is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders
which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM
13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information
required by this part is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders
which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

ITEM
14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information
required by this part is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders
which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

33 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
(1) and (2). Financial Statements. 

See
Index to Financial Statements under Item 8 in Part II hereof where these documents are listed. All schedules for which provision is made
in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or
are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. 

(a)
(3). Exhibits. 

The
following is a list of exhibits: 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements, Schedules and Exhibits: 

(1),
 (2) 
 The
 Consolidated Financial Statements and required schedules are indexed on page F-1. 

(3) 
 Exhibits
 required by the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of SEC Regulation S-K. (Exhibit numbers refer to numbers in the Exhibit Table of Item 601.) 

2.1 
 Separation
 and Distribution Agreement by and between Zoom Technologies, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Annex B of the Preliminary
 Proxy Statement filed by Zoom Technologies, Inc. on May 13, 2009). 

2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 12, 2020, by and among the Company, Elm Acquisition Sub, Inc., Zoom Connectivity, Inc. and the Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 13, 2020). 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on September 4, 2009). 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 18, 2015). 

3.3 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 18, 2015). 

3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 30, 2019). 

3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 4, 2021). 

3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 4, 2021). 

3.7 
 Certificate of Correction of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on June 30, 2021). 

3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 23, 2021). 

3.9 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2021). 

3.10 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
3.1 to Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 31, 2023). 

4.1 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed by the Company on July 26, 2021). 

10.1 
 License Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2015, by and between the Company and Motorola Mobility LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q/A filed by the Company on December 6, 2016). 

10.2 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2016, by and between the Company and Motorola Mobility LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q/A filed by the Company on December 6, 2016). 

10.3 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2017, by and between the Company and Motorola Mobility LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by the Company on November 9, 2017). 

34 

10.4 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020, by and between the Company and Motorola Mobility LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Form 10-K/A filed by the Company on April 29, 2020). 

10.5 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2019, by and between the Company and the Investors listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 6, 2019). 

10.6 
 License Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020, by and between the Company, MTRLC LLC and Motorola Mobility LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Form 10-K/A filed by the Company on April 29, 2020). 

10.7 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2020, by and between the Company and the Investors listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 27, 2020). 

10.8 
 Standstill and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, by and among the Company, Zulu Holdings LLC and Jeremy P. Hitchcock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 13, 2020). 

10.9 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2019, by and between Zoom Connectivity, Inc. and Graham Chynoweth (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Form 10-K/A filed by the Company on April 30, 2021). + 

10.10 
 Assignment and Amendment of Employment Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, by and among Graham Chynoweth, the Company and Zoom Connectivity, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Form 10-K/A filed by the Company on April 30, 2021). + 

10.11 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2022, by and among Graham Chynoweth, the Company and Minim, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 4, 2022). + 

10.12 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, by and between the Company and Sean Doherty (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Form 10-K/A filed by the Company on April 30, 2021). + 

10.13 
 Transition and Separation Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2021, by and between the Company and Sean Doherty (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 22, 2022). 

10.14 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, by and between the Company and Nicole Zheng (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Form 10-K/A filed by the Company on April 30, 2021). + 

10.15 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2022, by and between the Company and John Lauten (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 4, 2022). + 

10.16 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2022, by and between the Company and Mehul Patel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on March 24, 2022). + 

10.17 
 Transition and Separation Agreement, dated July 8, 2022, between Minim, Inc. and Nicole Hayward Zheng. + 

10.18 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, between Minim, Inc. and Mehul Patel. + 

10.19 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, between Minim, Inc. and Dustin Tacker. + 

10.20 
 Transition and Separation Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, between Minim, Inc. and Gray Chynoweth. + 

10.21 
 Separation Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, between Minim, Inc. and John Lauten. + 

10.22 
 Form of Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of to the Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on October 27, 2021). + 

10.23 
 Minim, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 16, 2021). + 

10.24 
 Minim, Inc. 2021 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 16, 2021). + 

10.25 
 Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 16, 2021). + 

10.26 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 16, 2021). + 

10.27 
 Inducement Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units, by and between the Company and Bill Wallace, dated as of December 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form S-8 filed by the Company on December 16, 2021). + 

10.28 
 Minim, Inc. 2019 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed by the Company on May 28, 2019). + 

10.29 
 Minim, Inc. 2019 Directors Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed by the Company on May 28, 2019). + 

10.30 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Silicon Valley Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 15, 2021). 

10.31 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, by and among Silicon Valley Bank, the Company and Zoom Connectivity, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 2, 2021). 

10.32 
 Waiver and Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 12, 2022, by and among Silicon Valley Bank, Minim, Inc, and Cadence Connectivity, Inc 

10.33 
 Bridge Loan, dated as of November 30, 2022, by and among Minim, Inc., Cadence Connectivity, Inc., and Slingshot Capital, LLC . 

10.34 
 Bridge Term Note, dated as of November 30, 2022, by and among Minim Inc., Cadence Connectivity, Inc., and Slingshot Capital, LLC. 

10.35 
 Subordination Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2022, by and among Minim, Inc., Cadence Connectivity, Inc., Slingshot Capital, LLC, and Silicon Valley . 

10.36 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed by the Company on July 26, 2021). 

10.37 
 Trademark Acquisition Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 16, 2021). 

10.38 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, by and among the Company, Jeremy Hitchcock and Eric Griffith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Amendment No. 14 to Schedule 13D filed on August 20, 2021). 

35 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (RSM US LLP). 

31.1 
 CEO Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification. 

31.2 
 CFO Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification. 

32.1 
 CEO Section 1350 Certification. 

32.2 
 CFO Section 1350 Certification. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

In
 accordance with Rule 12b-32 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, reference is made to the documents previously
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which documents are hereby incorporated by reference. 

Filed
 herewith. 

+ 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Confidential
 portions of this exhibit have been redacted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a confidential treatment request in accordance
 with Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Certain
 confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would
 be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

This
 certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise
 subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
 Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MINIM,
 INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Mehul Patel 

Mehul
 Patel, 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Mehul Patel 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Mehul
 Patel 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Dustin Tacker 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Dustin
 Tacker 
 
 (principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

/s/
 Jeremy Hitchcock 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jeremy
 Hitchcock 

/s/
 Patrick Rivard 
 
 Director 
 
 March
31, 2023 
 
 Patrick
 Rivard 

/s/
 Philip Frank 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Philip
 Frank 

/s/
 Elizabeth Hitchcock 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Elizabeth
 Hitchcock 

/s/
 Sandra Howe 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Sandra
 Howe 

/s/
 George Kassas 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 George
 Kassas 

37 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

MTRLC
LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Minim, Inc., is a limited liability company organized in Delaware that focuses on the sale of our Motorola
brand products. 

Cadence
Connectivity, Inc. (formerly known as Zoom Connectivity, Inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of Minim, Inc., is a corporation organized
in Delaware that designs, develops, sells and supports an IoT security platform that enables and secures a better connected home. 

Minim
Asia Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Minim, Inc., is a private company organized in Mumbai, India that sells and support
of our Motorola brand products in India. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-261110, 333-237698, 333-209807, 333-173143) on Form
S-8 of Minim, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Minim, Inc. and its subsidiaries,
appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Minim, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 RSM US LLP 

Boston,
 Massachusetts 

March
 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Mehul Patel, Chief Executive Officer of Minim, Inc., certify that: 

1) 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Minim, Inc.; 

2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4) 
 As
 the registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 As
 the registrant s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Mehul Patel 

Mehul
 Patel 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Dustin Tacker, Chief Financial Officer of Minim, Inc., certify that: 

1) 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Minim, Inc.; 

2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4) 
 As
 the registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 As
 the registrant s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dustin Tacker 

Dustin
 Tacker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Certification
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States
Code). 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Minim, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2021 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Mehul Patel,
Chief Executive Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Mehul Patel 

Mehul
 Patel 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

Certification
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States
Code). 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Minim, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Dustin
Tacker, Chief Financial Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Dustin Tacker 

Dustin
 Tacker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 minm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 minm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 minm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 minm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

