<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_97210_0001193125-23-044711.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23219004</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>406850</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4101193</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8968017</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4545863</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4320264</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-044711.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222151227
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-044711
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		158
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TERADYNE, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000097210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				042272148
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06462
		FILM NUMBER:		23652778

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 RIVERPARK DRIVE
		CITY:			NORTH READING
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01864
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-370-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 RIVERPARK DRIVE
		CITY:			NORTH READING
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01864

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TERADYNE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-044711.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 d414778d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(MARK ONE) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT 
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

MASSACHUSETT S

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

, MASSACHUSETTS 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

, par value 0.125 per share

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 1, 2022, was approximately billion based upon the closing price of the registrant s Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on that date. 

 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s only class of Common Stock as of February 17, 2023, was 
shares. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s proxy statement in connection with its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

TERADYNE, INC. INDEX 

Page No. 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

13 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

27 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

27 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

27 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 

27 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

28 

Item 6. 
 
 (Reserved) 

28 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

28 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

43 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

45 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

102 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

102 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

102 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

102 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

103 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

103 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

103 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

103 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

103 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 

104 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

105 

Signatures 

111 

Table of Contents 

TERADYNE, INC. FORM 10-K SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. When used herein, the words will, would, believe, anticipate, plan, expect, estimate, project, intend, may, see, target and other words and terms of similar meaning are intended to identify forward-looking statements although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors of this annual report on Form 10-K and elsewhere, and in other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect management s analysis only as of the date hereof and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied. Teradyne assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements for any reason, except as may be required by law. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1: 
 Business Teradyne, Inc. Teradyne was founded in 1960 and is a leading global supplier of automated test equipment and robotics solutions. We design, develop, manufacture and sell automatic test systems and robotics products. Our automatic test systems are used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in many industries including consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications, and aerospace and defense industries. Our robotics products include collaborative robotic arms and autonomous mobile robots AMRs used by global manufacturing, logistics and industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing and material handling efficiency and decrease manufacturing and logistics costs. Our automatic test equipment and robotics products and services include: 

semiconductor test Semiconductor Test systems; 

storage and system level test Storage Test systems, defense/aerospace Defense/Aerospace test instrumentation and systems, and circuit-board test and inspection Production Board Test systems (collectively these products represent System Test 

wireless test Wireless Test systems; and 

robotics Robotics products. The market for our test products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. A few customers drive significant demand for our products both through direct sales and sales to the customer s supply partners. We expect that sales of our test products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable future. In 2022, the demand in the mobility and compute segments of our Semiconductor Test business was lower due to end market slowdown in these segments as well as a slower technology transition in one of our largest end-markets. While the depth of the slowdown and the timing of the recovery are uncertain, we expect the ramp of 3 nanometer process technology starting in 2023 followed by gate-all-around process technology, increasing multichip packaging, additional device complexity and unit growth will drive additional demand for test over our four year forecast period. Our Robotics segment consists of Universal Robots A/S UR ), a leading supplier of collaborative robotic arms and Mobile Industrial Robots A/S MiR ), a leading maker of autonomous mobile robots AMRs for industrial automation. In September 2022, we merged MiR and AutoGuide, LLC AutoGuide ), a maker of high payload AMRs, to become a single supplier of AMRs. The market for our Robotics segment products is dependent on the adoption of new automation technologies by large manufacturers as well as small and medium enterprises SMEs throughout the world. We expect Robotics sales channel expansion combined with new products to drive growth in 2023. Both our test and robotics businesses may continue to be influenced by supply constraints, which could impact our revenue and costs in 2023. In 2022, inflation had minimal effect on our results. In 2022, we were unable to supply approximately 20 million of revenue in our test businesses for which we had customer demand. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. While the majority of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, approximately 70 percent of our Robotics revenue is denominated in foreign currencies. In 2022, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar was a factor in lower than forecasted revenues in our Robotics segment. Continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar would adversely affect Robotics revenue growth in 2023. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Our corporate strategy continues to focus on profitably gaining market share in our test businesses through the introduction of differentiated products that target expanding segments and accelerating growth through continued investment in our Robotics businesses. We plan to continue investing in our growth while balancing capital allocations between returning capital to our shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends and using capital for acquisitions. Investor Information We are a Massachusetts corporation incorporated on September 23, 1960. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). We file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file documents electronically. You can access financial and other information, including the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct, by clicking the Investors link on our web site at www.teradyne.com. We make available, free of charge, copies of our filings with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act through our web site as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. Products Semiconductor Test We design, manufacture, sell and support Semiconductor Test products and services on a worldwide basis. The test systems we provide are used both for wafer level and device package testing of semiconductor devices. These devices are used in automotive, industrial, communications, consumer, smartphones, cloud, computer and electronic game applications, among others. Semiconductor devices span a broad range of functionality, from very simple low-cost devices such as appliance microcontrollers, operational amplifiers or voltage regulators to complex digital signal processors, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning AI/ML training, high performance computing and microprocessors as well as memory devices. Semiconductor Test products and services are sold to integrated device manufacturers IDMs that integrate the fabrication of silicon wafers into their business, Fabless companies that outsource the manufacturing of silicon wafers, Foundries that cater to the processing and manufacturing of silicon wafers, and semiconductor assembly and test providers OSATs that provide test and assembly services for the final packaged devices to both Fabless companies and IDMs. Fabless companies perform the design of integrated circuits without manufacturing capabilities and use Foundries for wafer manufacturing and OSATs for test and assembly. These customers obtain the overall benefit of comprehensively testing devices and reducing the total costs associated with testing by using our Semiconductor Test systems to: 

improve and control product quality; 

measure and improve product performance; 

reduce time to market; and 

increase production yields. Our FLEX Test Platform architecture advances our core technologies to produce test equipment that is designed for high efficiency multi-site testing. Multi-site testing involves the simultaneous testing of many devices in parallel. Leading semiconductor manufacturers are using multi-site testing to significantly improve their Cost of Test economics. The FLEX Test Platform architecture addresses customer requirements through the following key capabilities: 

A high efficiency multi-site architecture that reduces tester overhead such as instrument setup, synchronization and data movement, and signal processing; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

The IG-XL software operating system which provides fast program development, including instant conversion from single to multi-site test; and 

Broad technology coverage by instruments designed to cover the range of test parameters, coupled with a universal slot test head design that allows easy test system reconfiguration to address changing test needs. FLEX Test Platform purchases are made by IDMs, OSATs, Foundries and Fabless customers. The FLEX Test Platform has become a widely used test solution at OSATs by providing versatile testers that can handle the widest range of devices, allowing OSATs to leverage their capital investments. The broad consumer, automotive and broadband markets have historically driven most of the device volume growth in the semiconductor industry. These markets include mobile phones and tablets, PCs, servers, networking and automotive electronics. These end use markets continue to be drivers for the FLEX Test Platform family of products because they require a wide range of technologies and instrument coverage. In 2019, we introduced our next generation UltraFLEX Plus tester, the newest member of the UltraFLEX family, UltraFLEX Plus uses the new PACE TM architecture to deliver superior economics and fast time to market for complex digital devices. Our J750 test system shares the IG-XL software environment with the family of FLEX Test Platform systems. The J750 is designed to handle high volume semiconductor devices, such as microcontrollers, that are central to the functionality of almost every consumer electronics product, from small appliances to automobiles. J750 test systems combine compact packaging, high throughput and ease of production test. We extended the J750 platform technology to create the IP750 Image Sensor test system. The IP750 is focused on testing image sensor devices used in smartphones, automobiles and other imaging products. We have continued to invest in the J750 platform with new instrument releases that bring new capabilities to existing market segments and expand the J750 platform to new devices that include high end microcontrollers and the latest generation of image sensors. Our Magnum platform addresses the requirements of mass production test of memory devices for flash and DRAM memory. Flash and DRAM memory are widely used core building blocks in modern electronic products finding wide application in consumer, industrial, and computing equipment. Magnum 7, the newest member of the family introduced at the end of 2021, is a next generation memory test solution designed for parallel memory test in the flash, DRAM and multi-chip package markets. In 2019, we introduced a high-speed DRAM test version of our Magnum platform called Magnum EPIC giving us full product coverage of the memory test market. Our ETS platform is used by semiconductor manufacturers and assembly and test subcontractors, primarily in the analog/mixed signal markets that cover more cost sensitive applications. Our proprietary SmartPin technology enables high efficiency multi-site testing, on an individual test system, permitting greater test throughput. Semiconductors tested by ETS platform systems are incorporated into a wide range of products in historically high-growth markets, including mobile devices, automotive electronics, computer peripherals, and notebook and desktop computers. The Eagle platform includes the ETS-88, a high performance multi-site production test system designed to test a wide variety of high volume power and precision devices, including Silicon Carbide (SiC) and Gallium Nitride (GaN) power devices used in vehicle electrification, and the ETS-800, a high performance multi-site production test system, is used to test high complexity power devices in automotive, industrial and consumer applications. System Test Our System Test segment is comprised of three business units: Storage Test, Defense/Aerospace, and Production Board Test. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Storage Test The Storage Test business unit addresses the high throughput, automated manufacturing test requirements of hard disk drive HDD and semiconductor manufacturers. Our HDD products address the client and enterprise storage markets. The client market is driven by the needs of desktop, laptop, and external HDD storage products. The enterprise market is driven by the needs of data centers and cloud storage. Our system level test product for the semiconductor production market is used to test devices following wafer and package test. The business unit s products lead in addressing customer requirements related to factory density, throughput and thermal performance. Defense/Aerospace We are a leading provider of high performance test systems, subsystems, instruments and service for the defense and aerospace markets. Our test products are used to ensure the readiness of military and commercial aerospace electronics systems. New programs, such as tactical aircraft and missile systems, as well as upgrade programs, continue to fuel the demand for high performance test systems in this market. Our test products are well-suited to the demands of defense/aerospace electronics manufacturers and repair depots worldwide. Our leadership in this market is underscored by our success with major Department of Defense programs across all U.S. military service branches and many allied defense services worldwide. Production Board Test Our test systems are used by electronics manufacturers and OEMs worldwide to perform In-Circuit-Test ICT and device programming of printed circuit board assemblies. Fast, accurate and cost-effective test capabilities are hallmark features of our Test Station product families. We offer the Test Station in off-line and automated in-line configurations. The automated in-line configurations address the growing requirements for automating production lines for high volume applications, such as automotive electronics, computing, and communications. Wireless Test Our Wireless Test business operates under the LitePoint brand name and provides test solutions utilized in the development and manufacturing of wireless devices and modules. The world s leading makers of smartphones, tablets, notebooks, laptops, peripherals, and Internet-of-Things IoT devices rely on LitePoint technology to ensure their products get into consumer hands with high quality and high efficiency. LitePoint hardware and software wireless test solutions are used in test insertions that span design verification to high volume manufacturing and are deployed across the entire production eco-system from the wireless chipset suppliers to the consumer brands. Wireless devices are often tested at multiple points along the manufacturing process that include insertions at component, system-in-package SiP ), module, PCB, SMT and finished product stages. Design verification is an important step in the development process for evaluating product performance prior to starting production. As end market unit volumes have increased, the quantity of units and the amount of data that must be analyzed for a successful product launch continues to grow. LitePoint products provide easy to use, domain specific tools for rapid analysis of product performance. This helps to speed time to market. In high volume manufacturing, wireless test enables the calibration of each individual product s wireless performance to improve range, data throughput and battery life. Testing also verifies product specifications for product quality control. As markets become increasingly competitive, product performance and quality provide brand differentiation. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Wireless standards can be thought of in three categories: connectivity, cellular and location. Connectivity covers many standards such as Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. LitePoint s IQxel products cover emerging Wi-Fi standards such as WiFi 6E and WiFi 7 which makes use of the newly allocated 6-7GHz spectrum. Connectivity also includes a variety of other standards such as Bluetooth Classic, Bluetooth 5.0 and Bluetooth low energy, Zigbee, Z-Wave, NFC, LoRa and others. The IQxel product family s high performance wireless and multi-device testing economics are aligned with the needs of networking equipment, Internet gateways, IoT products and embedded modules used in smartphones, tablets, and PCs. In 2021, LitePoint introduced the IQxel-MX testing solution for the testing of Wi-Fi devices. Another connectivity product, the IQnfc, addresses the use of NFC technology for payments with mobile devices. Cellular standards include 2G, 3G, 4G and the new 5G mobile phone technologies. LitePoint s IQxstream is a multi-device production test optimized solution for high speed testing of GSM, EDGE, CDMA2000, TD-SCDMA, WCDMA, HSPA+, LTE and 5G technologies. It is used for calibration and verification of smartphones, tablets, small cell radio units and embedded cellular modules. The IQcell, is a multi-device cellular signaling test solution which enables user experience testing of LTE and 5G cellular devices over-the-air. The IQgig family provides test solutions at the intermediate and millimeter wave frequencies for 5G, proximity radar and 802.11ad. Location technologies have traditionally been satellite-based wireless signals such as GPS and GLONASS, which are tested on LitePoint s connectivity and cellular equipment. A new technology called Ultra-WideBand is being adopted in IoT, automotive and mobile phones. Ultra-WideBand provides finer location capability and is tested on LitePoint s IQgig-UWB equipment. To complement the test systems, LitePoint offers turnkey test software for over 350 of the most popular wireless chipsets. These optimized solutions provide rapid development of high volume manufacturing solutions with a minimum of engineering effort by customers. Robotics Our Robotics segment is comprised of two business units: Universal Robots and Mobile Industrial Robots. Universal Robots Universal Robots is a leading supplier of collaborative robots, which are low-cost, easy-to-deploy and simple-to-program robots that work side by side with production workers to improve quality, increase manufacturing efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. Collaborative robots are designed to mimic the motion of a human arm and can be fitted with task specific grippers or end effectors to support a wide range of applications. Universal Robots offers a variety of collaborative robot models, including the UR3, UR5, UR10, UR16 and UR20, each with different weight carrying capacity and arm reach. All models are easily integrated into existing production environments. Universal Robots products are differentiated by their: 

easy programming using a graphical interface which allows users to program the collaborative robot in a few hours; 

flexibility and ease of use in allowing customers to change the task the collaborative robot is performing as their production demands dictate; 

safe operations as collaborative robots can assist workers in side-by-side production environments requiring no special safety enclosures or shielding to protect workers; and 

short payback period, on average 12-18 months. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

In 2018, Universal Robots introduced its e-Series collaborative robots which include technology advances that enable faster development of applications, greater precision and improved safety. Universal Robots offers four e-Series collaborative robot models UR3e, UR5e, UR10e, and UR16e. In 2021, Universal Robots introduced the upgraded version of its UR10e with 25 more payload to address market demand. In 2022, Universal Robots introduced the first of its next generation industrial collaborative robots, the UR20. This model, which begins shipment in the first half of 2023, has a 1750 millimeter reach and 20 kg payload capacity. UR20 handles more tasks, fits more applications and assists in more environments. Mobile Industrial Robots In September 2022, we merged MiR and AutoGuide to become a single supplier of AMRs to accelerate the creation of the industry s widest ranging autonomous mobile robot platform for the manufacturing and logistics segments. MiR is a leading supplier of AMRs, which are low-cost, easy-to-deploy and simple-to-program mobile robots that increase manufacturing and warehouse efficiency and decrease costs. Collaborative autonomous mobile robots are designed to move material from point to point via autonomous navigation rather than the need for traditional mobile robot guidance infrastructure such as painted or magnetic strips and are designed to navigate safely around obstacles and people. MiR offers four collaborative autonomous mobile robot models, MiR100, MiR250, MiR600 and MiR1350, each with different payload carrying capacity. MiR 600 and MiR1350 were launched in the fall 2021. All models can be easily integrated into existing production environments. MiR s products are differentiated by their: 

easy programming using a graphical interface which allows users to program the AMR in a few hours; 

ease of use, speed of deployment and flexibility in allowing customers to change the task as their demands dictate; 

reliable autonomous navigation over large manufacturing and warehouse areas; and 

short payback period, on average 12 24 months. MiR also supports high payload AMRs, an emerging and fast-growing segment of the global forklift market used for material transport of payloads up to 4,500 kg in manufacturing, warehouse and logistics applications. These products complement MiR s lower payload products. Sales and Distribution In 2021 and 2020, revenues from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd., a customer of our Semiconductor Test segment, accounted for 12 and 15 , respectively, of our consolidated revenues. In each of the years, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our five largest direct customers in aggregate accounted for 26 , 33 and 36 of our consolidated revenues, respectively. OSAT customers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd., often purchase our test systems based upon recommendations from OEMs, IDMs and Fabless companies. In all cases when an OSAT customer purchases a test system from us, we consider the OSAT as the customer since credit risk, title and risk of loss, among other things, are between Teradyne and the OSAT. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by Qualcomm, a customer of our Semiconductor Test, System Test, and Wireless Test segments, combining direct and indirect sales, accounted for approximately 11 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 and less than 10 in 2021 and 2020. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by one OEM customer, of our Semiconductor Test and Wireless Test segments, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer s OSATs (which include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.), accounted for less than 10 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, and 19 and 25 of our consolidated revenues in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from this OEM customer or any of our five largest direct customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have sales and service offices located throughout North America, Central America, Asia and Europe. We sell in these areas predominantly through a direct sales force, except for Robotics products, which are sold 
 7 

Table of Contents 

principally through distributors. Our manufacturing activities for our test businesses are primarily conducted through subcontractors and outsourced contract manufacturers with significant operations in China and Malaysia. The manufacturing activities for our Robotics businesses are done primarily in our production facilities in Denmark and the U.S. Sales to customers outside the United States were 85 , 89 , and 90 , respectively, of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Sales are attributed to geographic areas based on the location of the customer site. See also Item 1A: Risk Factors and Note T: Operating Segment, Geographic and Significant Customer Information in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Competition We face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. Competitors in the Semiconductor Test segment include, among others, Advantest Corporation and Cohu, Inc. Competitors in the System Test segment include, among others, Keysight Technologies, Inc., Advantest Corporation, Test Research, Inc. and SPEA S.p.A. Competitors in our Wireless Test segment include, among others, Rohde Schwarz GmbH Co. KG, Anritsu Company, Keysight Technologies, Inc., National Instruments Corporation, Welzek and iTest. Competitors in our Robotics segment include manufacturers of traditional industrial robots such as KUKA Robotics Corporation, ABB, FANUC and Yaskawa Electric Corporation, companies with emerging collaborative robot offerings such as Techman, Doosan, and AUBO Robotics, and manufacturers of autonomous mobile robots such as Omron, Fetch, OTTO Motors, Vecna, Seegrid and Balyo. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and other resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of their products. We also face competition from emerging Asian companies and from internal suppliers at several of our customers. Some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products with certain performance characteristics which may be considered equal or superior to those we currently offer. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. See also Item 1A: Risk Factors. Backlog At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our backlog of unfilled orders in our four reportable segments was as follows: 

2022 

2021 

(in millions) 

Semiconductor Test 

879.6 

824.1 

System Test 

253.0 

375.4 

Wireless Test 

60.0 

56.8 

Robotics 

42.6 

28.1 

1,235.2 

1,284.4 

Customers may delay delivery of products or cancel orders suddenly and without advanced notice, subject to possible cancellation penalties. Due to possible customer changes in delivery schedules and cancellation of orders, our backlog at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of the actual sales for any succeeding 
 8 

Table of Contents 

period. Delays in delivery schedules or cancellations of backlog during any particular period could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Raw Materials Our products contain electronic and mechanical components that are provided by a wide range of suppliers. Some of these components are standard products, while others are manufactured to our specifications. We have experienced delays in obtaining timely delivery of certain components. These delays have impacted and may continue to impact the manufacturing of certain products and the timing of delivery of those products to our customers. While the majority of our components are available from multiple suppliers, certain items are obtained from sole sources. We may experience a temporary adverse impact if any of our sole source suppliers delay or cease to deliver products. Intellectual Property and Licenses The development of our products, both hardware and software, is based in significant part on proprietary information, our brands and technology. We protect our rights in proprietary information, brands and technology through various methods, such as: 

patents; 

copyrights; 

trademarks; 

trade secrets; 

standards of business conduct and related business practices; and 

technology license agreements, software license agreements, non-disclosure agreements, employment agreements, and other agreements. However, these protections might not be effective in all circumstances. Competitors might independently develop similar technology or exploit our proprietary information and our brands in countries where we lack enforceable intellectual property rights or where enforcement of such rights through the legal system provides an insufficient deterrent. Also, intellectual property protections can lapse or be invalidated through appropriate legal processes. We do not believe that any single piece of intellectual property or proprietary rights is essential to our business. Human Capital We believe that our future success depends upon our continued ability to attract, develop, and retain a high-performance workforce, comprised of people with shared values. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 6,500 employees, of whom approximately 2,000 were employed in the United States and approximately 4,500 were employed outside of the United States. Our largest non-US employee populations are in the Philippines (17 ), Denmark (12 ), China (11 ), Taiwan (6 and Costa Rica (6 ). We also leverage contractors to provide flexibility for our business and manufacturing needs. As of December 31, 2022, we worked with approximately 300 contractors globally. Since the inception of our business, we have experienced no work stoppages or other labor disturbances. Corporate Culture Our core values are conducting business with honesty and integrity, collaborating with our colleagues as a company without doors, and partnering with our customers every step of the way, because customers count on us. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

We strive to foster a positive work environment that helps employees thrive. It is a priority for us to ensure that our people feel inspired, supported, safe and able to achieve their personal best. We are committed to equality through nondiscrimination, harassment prevention and pay equity policies. We value a diverse, inclusive and respectful work environment where all employees enjoy challenging assignments, development opportunities and a safe, positive culture. We are committed to conducting business in a responsible manner, with strategic operational policies, procedures and values that support transparency, sustainability and legal compliance. We ensure ethical operations and business commitments through robust governance of the company s code of conduct and global environmental, health and safety programs. Competitive Pay and Benefits The primary objective of our compensation program is to provide a compensation and benefits package that will continue to attract, retain, motivate and reward high performing employees who operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging environment. We seek to achieve this objective by linking a significant portion of compensation to company and business unit performance. We enable employees worldwide to share in the success of the company through various programs including a stock purchase program, equity compensation, profit sharing and bonus plans. We seek competitiveness and fairness in total compensation with reference to peer comparisons and internal equity. In addition to providing our employees with competitive compensation packages, we offer benefits designed to meet the needs of employees and their families worldwide, including paid time off, parental leave, bereavement leave, health insurance coverage, flexible work arrangements, contributions to retirement savings, and access to employee assistance and work-life programs. Employee Development and Training We believe that employee development and training is a key factor in attracting, motivating, improving and retaining a strong, competitive global workforce. We provide continual development to our employees focused on developing their job skills and competencies. Examples include new manager competencies like giving feedback and coaching, and training in software development tools and project management. Our employees worldwide also receive annual performance reviews and are involved in setting goals for their own development and performance. Employees and managers look back on the previous year, review career development plans and create goals for the next year. In 2022, we implemented a new learning management system integrated with our human resource system. This enabled our business to more easily create and offer business training courses. We are committed to recruiting and developing talent at the collegiate level to help advance Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics STEM education for the future generation. For example, our paid internships and entry-level positions offer real-world experience, and our co-op program offers higher education students a unique learning opportunity as students alternate one semester in a work assignment and one semester in the classroom. Additionally, we offer reimbursement for educational courses related to an employee s work or as part of a degree program, including tuition, lab fees and books. We also offer a scholarship program for employees with college-age children and grandchildren. In 2022, almost half of the scholarship recipients were outside of the United States. Employee Engagement We conduct regular employee surveys to check in with our global workforce and obtain input on a number of topics. The feedback we receive from these surveys helps us assess employee sentiment, identify areas of improvement and guides our decision-making as it relates to people management. In addition, our CEO and other executives meet with employees wordwide on a frequent basis through exchange meetings and quarterly 
 10 

Table of Contents 

webcasts. The exchange meetings allow the executives to directly interact with a small group of employees, while the global webcasts enable all employees to engage with senior leaders and ask questions in an open Q A session. We also offer employees worldwide an opportunity to network and connect with colleagues who share similar interests. This includes global groups such as New Employees to Teradyne, Woman s Affinity Group, Veterans, Blue and Green (for team members that are committed to the environment), Runner s affinity group and LGBTQ+ advocates. Diversity and Inclusion We believe in fostering a diverse workforce and equitable and inclusive culture in order to build a stronger and more resilient company for our customers, our employees and our communities worldwide. To support this effort, we have a Diversity and Inclusion Charter which was developed by our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI executive sub-committee and designed to ensure that we build diversity across our workforce. In addition, in 2021, we hired our first DEI program manager and launched an internal DEI website for employees. We have established programs for recruiting and hiring candidates from various backgrounds and experiences. We have implemented policies regarding gender pay equity and have conducted audits in the United States which have not identified any pay equity issues in the employee populations tested. We conduct mandatory DEI-related training for our employees worldwide and offer a wide variety of optional DEI-related training courses as well. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to making employment decisions without regard to race, religion, ethnicity or national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law. We have a tradition of amplifying the charitable actions of our employees and responding to the needs of the communities where we work. To support positive change in society, we have donated to organizations fighting for social justice and racial equality. We also sponsor the Massachusetts Conference for Women and the California Conference for Women offering opportunities for business networking, professional development and personal growth. To make it easier for employees to support charitable activities and magnify the impact of support, we established a formal matching gift program, Teradyne Cares. The program matches up to 1,000 per year of an employee s donations to qualified non-profit organizations. Additionally, advancing education for future generations is a primary initiative at Teradyne. We support STEM programs at the middle, high school and collegiate level ranging from middle and high school robotics competitions to college scholarships, to underwriting university programs to increase the diversity of STEM graduates worldwide. We also donate test equipment and robots to colleges, universities, and vocational programs. Health and Safety The health and safety of our employees worldwide is our highest priority. We are committed to complying with all applicable regulatory health and safety requirements wherever we operate. We conduct internal audits, regular reviews and monitoring of regulations to ensure compliance with laws and regulations at the local, state, province and country levels. We ensure workers are provided with the knowledge to perform their jobs safely by deploying mandatory environmental, health and safety training. We also require contractors to complete safety training prior to working at any Teradyne site. We monitor, track and report common safety metrics such as accidents, near misses and illness. Our injury and illness rate is below the industry average. We also provide our employees with a flexible and adjustable workspace, which includes reviewing ergonomics issues in the workplace, educating employees to self-identify risks and ensuring they have the work environment they need to do their jobs safely and effectively. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Throughout the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, we have focused on ensuring the health and safety of our employees and providing the resources to effectively work remotely and to work in a safe environment when on site. We have encouraged our workforce to become fully vaccinated. We have also supported our global workforce by sending regular all-employee communications, providing development opportunities for managers and employees to support effectively working virtually, establishing emergency response teams to empower local decision-making, conducting surveys to check in with employees, sharing regular video updates from our leadership team, and establishing a well-defined return to work process. Regulatory Environment We are subject to various federal, state, and local government laws and regulations relating to international trade, business conduct, the protection of employee health and safety and the environment. We accrue for all known environmental liabilities when it becomes probable that we will incur cleanup costs and those costs can reasonably be estimated. Estimated environmental costs are not expected to materially affect the financial position or results of our operations in future periods. However, estimates of future costs are subject to change due to protracted cleanup periods and changing environmental remediation laws and regulations. We are subject to U.S. laws and regulations that limit and restrict the export of some of our products and services and may restrict our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations prohibit the export of certain products, services, and technologies, and in other circumstances we are required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. For example, we must comply with current U.S. Department of Commerce export control regulations restricting transactions with certain customers in China. We must also comply with export restrictions and laws imposed by other countries affecting trade and investments. We maintain an export compliance program but there are risks that the compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. Compliance with these laws has limited our sales and likely will continue to limit sales to certain customers in the future. Changes in, and responses to, U.S. trade policy could reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to drop, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) of Form 10-K, the following table is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in lieu of being included in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The table sets forth the names of all of our executive officers and certain other information relating to their positions held with Teradyne and other business experience. Our executive officers do not have a specific term of office but rather serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

Executive Officer 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Business Experience for The Past 5 Years 

Gregory S. Smith 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and President of Robotics 
 
 Chief Executive Officer since February 2023; President of Teradyne since July 2022; President of Robotics since October 2020; President of Semiconductor Test from February 2016 to September 2020; Vice President, SOC Business Group and Marketing Manager for Semiconductor Test Group from January 2014 to February 2016; Business Unit Manager, Complex SOC Business Unit from 2009 to January 2014. 

Sanjay Mehta 
 
 54 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Teradyne since April 2019; Senior Vice President and General Manager of Compute and XR Products at Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. Qualcomm from June 2018 to March 2019; President of Qualcomm s semiconductor segment QCT China from March 2016 to June 2018; Senior Vice President Business Operations of QCT at Qualcomm from November 2015 to March 2016; Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Sales Operations, of QCT at Qualcomm from October 2010 to November 2015. 

Charles J. Gray 
 
 61 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Teradyne since April 2009. 

Bradford B. Robbins 
 
 64 
 
 President of Wireless Test 
 
 President of Wireless Test since August 2014; Chief Operating Officer of LitePoint Corporation from 2012 to 2014; Vice President of Teradyne since 2001. 

Richard J. Burns 
 
 60 
 
 President of Semiconductor Test 
 
 President of Semiconductor Test since October 2020; Vice President, Semiconductor Test Engineering from February 2016 to September 2020. 

Item 1A: 
 Risk Factors The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Teradyne s Markets Our business is impacted by global and industry-specific economic cycles, which are difficult to predict, and actions we have taken or may take to offset these cycles may not be sufficient. Capital equipment providers in the electronics, semiconductor industries and robotics, such as Teradyne, have, in the past, been negatively impacted by both sudden slowdowns in the global economies and recurring cyclicality within those industries. These cycles have resulted in periods of over-supply; a trend we believe will continue to occur. Our business and results of operations depend, in significant part, upon capital expenditures of manufacturers of semiconductors electronics and other industrial products, which in turn depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for those products. Disruption or deterioration in economic conditions may reduce customer purchases of our products, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. In addition, such adverse changes in economic conditions, and resulting slowdowns in the market for our products, may, among other things, result in increased price competition for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories, increased risk in the collectability of our accounts receivable from our customers, potential reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable, increased risk of restructuring charges, and higher operating costs as a percentage of revenues, which, in each case and together, adversely affect our operating results. We are unable to predict the likely duration, frequency and severity of disruptions in financial markets, credit availability, and adverse economic conditions throughout the world, and we cannot ensure that the level of revenues or new orders for a fiscal quarter will be sustained in subsequent quarters. We have taken actions to address the effects of general economic variability and recurring industry cyclicality, including implementing cost control and reduction measures. We cannot predict whether these measures will be sufficient to offset global or market-specific disruptions that might affect our businesses and we may need to take additional or different measures in the future. We are subject to intense competition. We face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. Some of our competitors have substantial financial and other resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their products. We also face competition from emerging Asian companies and internal development at several of our customers. Some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products with certain performance characteristics that may be considered equal or superior to those we currently offer. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. New product introductions by competitors could cause a decline in revenues or loss of market acceptance of our products. The market for our products is concentrated, and our business depends, in part, on obtaining orders from a few significant customers. The market for our products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. In each of the years, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our five largest direct customers in aggregate accounted for 26 , 33 and 36 of consolidated revenues, respectively. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by Qualcomm, a customer of our Semiconductor Test, System Test, and Wireless Test segments, combining direct and indirect sales to Qualcomm, accounted for approximately 11 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 and less than 10 in 2021 and 2020. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by one OEM customer, of our Semiconductor Test and Wireless Test segments, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer s OSATs (which include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.), accounted for less than 10 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, and 19 and 25 of our consolidated revenues in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to develop new technologies to adapt to our customers needs and if our customers fail to accept our new products, our revenues will be adversely affected. We believe that our technological position depends primarily on the technical competence and creative ability of our engineers. In a rapidly evolving market, such as ours, the development or acquisition of new technologies, commercialization of those technologies into products and market acceptance and customer demand for those products are critical to our success. Successful product development or acquisition, introduction and acceptance depend upon a number of factors, including: 

new product selection; 

ability to meet customer requirements including with respect to safety and cyber security; 

development of competitive products by competitors; 

timely and efficient completion of product design; 

timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and manufacturing processes; 

timely remediation of product performance issues, if any, identified during testing; 

assembly processes and product performance at customer locations; 

differentiation of our products from our competitors products; 

management of customer expectations concerning product capabilities and product life cycles; 

transition of customers to new product platforms; 

compliance with product safety regulations; 

ability to protect products from cyber attacks when used by our customers; 

ability to attract and retain technical talent; and 

innovation that does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. Risks Associated with Operating a Global Business We are subject to risks of operating internationally. A significant portion of our total revenues is derived from customers outside the United States. Our international sales and operations are subject to significant risks and difficulties, including: 

unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements affecting international markets; 

cost increases due to inflation 

changes in tariffs and exchange rates; 

social, political and economic instability, acts of terrorism and international conflicts; 

disruption caused by health pandemics, such as the coronavirus; 

difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

difficulties in accounts receivable collection; 

cultural differences in the conduct of business; 

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

compliance with anti-corruption laws; 

compliance with data privacy regulations; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

compliance with customs and trade regulations; and 

compliance with international tax laws and regulations. In addition, an increasing portion of our products and the products we purchase from our suppliers are sourced or manufactured in foreign locations, including China, Malaysia and Denmark, and a large portion of the devices our products test are fabricated and tested by foundries and subcontractors in Taiwan, China, Korea and other parts of Asia. As a result, we are subject to a number of economic and other risks, particularly during times of political, health or financial instability in these regions. Disruption of manufacturing or supply sources in these international locations could materially adversely impact our ability to fill customer orders and potentially result in lost business. Risks Related to Teradyne s Finances We may not fully realize the benefits of our acquisitions or strategic alliances. In June 2015, we acquired Universal Robots, in 2018, we acquired Energid and MiR and, in 2019, we acquired Lemsys and AutoGuide. We may not be able to realize the benefits of acquiring or successfully growing these businesses. We may continue to acquire additional businesses, form strategic alliances, or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing businesses. We may not be able to realize the expected synergies and cost savings from the integration with our existing operations of other businesses or technologies that we may acquire. In addition, the integration process for our acquisitions may be complex, costly and time consuming and include unanticipated issues, expenses, and liabilities. We may have difficulty in developing, manufacturing, and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a manner that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines and allows us to realize value from expected synergies. Following an acquisition, we may not achieve the revenue or net income levels that justify the acquisition. Acquisitions may also result in one-time charges (such as acquisition-related expenses, write-offs or restructuring charges) or in the future, impairment of goodwill or acquired intangible assets, or adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities that adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, we may fund acquisitions of new businesses, strategic alliances, or joint ventures by utilizing our cash, incurring debt, issuing shares of our common stock, or by other means. We may incur higher tax rates than we expect and may have exposure to additional international tax liabilities and costs. We are subject to paying income taxes in the United States and other countries where we operate. Our effective tax rate is dependent on where our earnings are generated and the tax regulations and the interpretation and judgment of administrative tax or revenue authorities in the United States and other countries. We have pursued a global tax strategy that could be adversely affected by the mix of earnings and tax rates in the countries where we operate, changes to tax laws, tax regulations or an adverse tax ruling by administrative authorities. We are also subject to tax audits in the countries where we operate. Any material change in our tax liability resulting from changes in tax laws, tax regulations, administrative rulings or audits from an administrative tax or revenue authority could negatively affect our financial results. As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. In certain foreign jurisdictions, we qualify for tax incentives and tax holidays based on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various tests relating to our employment levels, research and development expenditures and other qualification requirements in a particular foreign jurisdiction. While we intend to operate in such a manner to maintain and maximize our tax incentives and tax holidays, no assurance can be given that we have so qualified or that we will so qualify for any particular year or jurisdiction. If we fail to qualify or fail to remain qualified for certain foreign tax incentives and tax holidays, we may be subject to further taxation or an increase in our effective tax rate which would adversely impact our financial results. In November 2020, we entered into an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Board which extended our Singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on December 31, 2020. The new tax holiday is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2025. The tax savings attributable to the Singapore tax holiday for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 16.0 million or 0.09 per diluted share, 33.3 million or 0.18 per diluted share, and 29.9 million or 0.16 per diluted share, respectively. These tax savings may not be achievable in subsequent years due to changes in Singapore s tax laws, issuance of new global minimum tax laws, or the expiration of the tax holiday. In addition, we may incur additional costs, including headcount expenses, in order to maintain or obtain a foreign tax incentive or tax holiday in a particular foreign jurisdiction. We have significant guarantees, indemnification, and customer confidentiality obligations. From time to time, we make guarantees to customers regarding the delivery, price and performance of our products and guarantee certain indebtedness, performance obligations or lease commitments of our subsidiary and affiliate companies. We also have agreed to provide indemnification to our officers, directors, employees and agents, to the extent permitted by law, arising from certain events or occurrences, while the officer, director, employee or agent, is or was serving at our request in such capacity. Additionally, we have confidentiality obligations to certain customers and if breached would require the payment of significant penalties. If we become liable under any of these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. For additional information see Note M: Commitments and Contingencies Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We may discontinue or reduce our quarterly cash dividend or share repurchase program. In January 2014, our Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend. Since 2014, the Board of Directors has increased our quarterly cash dividend from 0.06 per share to 0.11 per share. Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive dividends when and if they are declared by our Board of Directors. In January 2021, our Board of Directors approved a 2.0 billion share repurchase program. In 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 752.1 million, and 600.0 million, respectively of common stock. In January 2023, our Board of Directors cancelled the 2021 repurchase program and approved a new 2.0 billion share repurchase program. Under the share repurchase program, we may repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock from time to time in the open market and through privately negotiated transactions. Unless terminated earlier by resolution of our Board of Directors, the repurchase program will expire when we have repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program. Future cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. While we have declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock and authorized a share repurchase program, we are not required to do either and may reduce or eliminate our cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. The reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We have incurred indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness. On December 12, 2016, we completed a private offering of 460.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.25 convertible senior unsecured notes (the Notes due December 15, 2023 and received net proceeds, after issuance costs, of approximately 450.8 million, 33.0 million of which was used to pay the net cost, after being partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the warrants, of the convertible note hedge transactions and 50.1 million of which was used to repurchase 2.0 million shares of our common stock. Holders of the Notes may require us to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving us or the holders may elect to convert into shares of our common stock. As of February 22, 2023, one hundred and twenty four holders had converted 424.9 million worth of notes. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

On May 1, 2020, we entered into a three-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of up to 400.0 million. On December 10, 2021, the credit agreement was amended to extend the maturity date of the credit facility to December 10, 2026. On October 5, 2022, the credit agreement was amended to increase the amount of the credit facility to 750.0 million from 400.0 million. The amended credit agreement provides that, subject to customary conditions, we may seek to obtain from existing or new lenders the available incremental amount under the credit facility, not to exceed the greater of 200.0 million or 15 of consolidated EBIDTA. We could borrow funds under this credit facility at any time for general corporate purposes and working capital. As of February 22, 2023, we have not borrowed any funds under this credit facility. The issuance of the Notes and any additional indebtedness, among other things, could: 

make it difficult to make payments on this indebtedness and our other obligations; 

make it difficult to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes; 

require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flows from operations to service for indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for other purposes, including capital expenditures; and 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we compete. Restrictive covenants in the agreement governing our senior secured revolving credit facility may restrict our ability to pursue business strategies. The agreement governing our senior secured revolving credit facility limits our ability, among other things, to incur additional secured indebtedness; sell, transfer, license or dispose of assets; consolidate or merge; enter into transactions with our affiliates; and incur liens. In addition, our senior secured revolving credit facility contains financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest, such as, subject to permitted exceptions, making capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds, making investments, loans and other advances, and prepaying any additional indebtedness while our indebtedness under our senior secured revolving credit facility is outstanding. Our failure to comply with financial and other restrictive covenants could result in an event of default, which if not cured or waived, could result in the lenders requiring immediate payment of all outstanding borrowings or foreclosing on collateral pledged to them to secure the indebtedness. Our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions could impact the value of our stock. Concurrent with the offering of the Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the Note Hedge Transactions with the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the Option Counterparties ). The Note Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock that underlie the Notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the Notes of 31.46. The Note Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 1.6 million shares of our common stock. On November 4, 2021, we made an irrevocable election under the indenture to require the principal portion of the remaining Notes to be settled in cash. Separately and concurrent with the pricing of the Notes, we entered into warrant transactions with the Option Counterparties (the Warrant Transactions in which we sold net-share-settled (or, at our election subject to certain conditions, cash-settled) warrants to the Option Counterparties. The Warrant Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.6 million shares of our common stock. The strike price of the warrants is 39.48 per share. The Warrant Transactions could have a dilutive effect to our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

The Note Hedge Transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the Notes. However, the Warrant Transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market value per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. The net cost of the Note Hedge Transactions, after being partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of the warrants, was approximately 33.0 million. In connection with establishing their initial hedge of these convertible note hedge and warrant transactions, the Option Counterparties have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchase shares of our common stock or other securities, including the Notes, concurrent with, or shortly after, the pricing of the Notes. In addition, the Option Counterparties may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or by selling our common stock or other securities, including the Notes, in secondary market transactions (and may do so during any observation period related to the conversion of the Notes). These activities could adversely impact the value of our common stock and the Notes. We may not be able to pay our debt and other obligations. If our cash flows are inadequate to meet our obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make required payments on the Notes or certain of our other obligations, we would be in default under the terms thereof, which would permit the holders of those obligations to accelerate their maturity and also could cause defaults under future indebtedness we may incur. Any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial position and operating results. In addition, we cannot be certain that we would be able to repay amounts due on the Notes if those obligations were to be accelerated following the occurrence of any other event of default as defined in the instruments creating those obligations, or if the holders of the Notes require us to repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change involving us. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds or will be able to arrange for financing to pay the principal amount due on the Notes at maturity. Foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may affect the Company s ability to realize projected growth rates in its sales and earnings. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. While the majority of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, approximately 70 percent of our Robotics revenue is denominated in foreign currencies. Correspondingly, our results of operations and our ability to realize projected growth rates in sales and earnings in Robotics could be adversely affected if the U.S. dollar strengthens significantly against foreign currencies. Risks Related to Operations Our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly. Our operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially adversely affect revenues or profitability. The following factors could impact future operations: 

a worldwide economic slowdown or disruption in the global financial or industrial markets; 

cost increases from inflation on materials, employee wages, third party labor, and contract manufacturing; 

competitive pressures on selling prices; 

our ability to introduce, and the market acceptance of, new products; 

changes in product revenues mix resulting from changes in customer demand; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

the level of orders received which can be shipped in a quarter because of the tendency of customers to wait until late in a quarter to commit to purchase due to capital expenditure approvals and constraints occurring at the end of a quarter, or the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from a competitor seeking the business; 

engineering and development investments relating to new product introductions, and the expansion of manufacturing, outsourcing and engineering operations in Asia; 

provisions for excess and obsolete inventory relating to the lack of demand for and the discontinuance of products; 

impairment charges for certain long-lived and intangible assets, and goodwill; 

an increase in the leasing of our products to customers; 

disruption caused by health pandemics, such as the coronavirus; 

the success of sales channel expansion in Robotics; 

our ability to expand our global distribution channel for our collaborative and mobile robots; 

parallel or multi-site testing which could lead to a decrease in the ultimate size of the market for our semiconductor and electronic test products; and 

the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet product quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, especially if consolidated revenues increase. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we have experienced and may continue to experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or stock price. If our suppliers do not meet product or delivery requirements, we could have reduced revenues and earnings. If any of our suppliers were to cancel contracts or commitments or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders, have significantly decreased revenues and earnings and be subject to contractual penalties, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we rely on contract manufacturers for certain of our products, and our ability to meet customer orders for those products depends upon the timeliness and quality of the work performed by these subcontractors, over whom we do not exercise any control. To a certain extent, we are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers and contract manufacturers to help meet increased product or delivery requirements. It may be difficult for certain suppliers to meet delivery requirements in a period of rapid growth, therefore impacting our ability to meet our customers demands. Our suppliers are subject to trade regulations, including tariffs and export restrictions imposed by the United States Government and by the governments of other countries. These regulations could impact our suppliers ability to provide us with components for our products or could increase the price of those components. We rely on the financial strength of our suppliers. There can be no assurance that the loss of suppliers either as a result of financial viability, bankruptcy or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our operations may be adversely impacted if our outsourced contract manufacturers or service providers fail to perform. We depend on Flex Ltd. Flex to manufacture and test our FLEX and J750 family of products from its facilities in China and, starting in 2022, also Malaysia; Plexus Corp. Plexus to manufacture and test our 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Magnum products from its facilities in Malaysia and, starting in 2023, also Thailand and ETS family of products from its facility in Malaysia; SAM Meerkat to manufacture and test our storage test family of products from its facilities in Malaysia and Thailand and on other contract manufacturers to manufacture other products. If for any reason these contract manufacturers cannot provide us with these products in a timely fashion, or at all, we may not be able to sell these products to our customers until we enter a similar arrangement with an alternative contract manufacturer. The Flex facility located in China may be impacted by the ongoing trade dispute between the United States and China, by regulations implemented by the United States or China, or disruption caused by health pandemics, such as the coronavirus. If we experience a problem with our supply of products from Flex, Plexus, SAM Meerkat, or our other contract manufacturers, it may take us significant time to either manufacture the product or find an alternate contract manufacturer, which could result in substantial expense and disruption to our business. We have also outsourced certain general and administrative functions to reputable service providers, many of which are in foreign countries, sometimes impacting communication with them because of language and time differences. Their presence in foreign countries also increases the risk they could be exposed to political risk. Additionally, there may be difficulties encountered in coordinating the outsourced operations with existing functions and operations. If we fail in successfully coordinating and managing the outsourced service providers, it may cause an adverse effect on our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees. Competition for employees with skills we require is intense in the high technology industry. We expect intense competition for employees to continue in 2023. Our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain key technical employees. The loss of one or more key or other employees, a decrease in our ability to attract additional qualified employees, or the delay in hiring key personnel could each have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to risks of natural catastrophic events, severe weather, widespread health epidemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks and the threat of domestic and international terrorist attacks, any one of which could result in cancellation of orders, delays in deliveries or other business activities, or loss of customers and could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Our business is international in nature, with our sales, service and administrative personnel and our customers and suppliers located in numerous countries throughout the world. Our operations, and those of our customers and suppliers, are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, health epidemics, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, volcanic eruptions, energy shortages, telecommunication failures, tsunamis, flooding or other natural disasters. Such disruption could materially increase our costs and expenses as well as cause delays in, among other things, shipments of products to our customers, our ability to perform services requested by our customers, or the installation and acceptance of our products at customer sites. Any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Global climate change can result in natural disasters occurring more frequently, with greater intensity and with less predictability. For example, in December 2021, our operations in Cebu, Philippines experienced a devastating typhoon. Our employees in Cebu succeeded in restoring most of our operations within days despite the severity of the damage in the region. We have offered support services to many of our employees impacted by the typhoon and have incurred additional costs to maintain our operations following the disaster. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the semiconductor industry in particular are unclear but could be severe. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

The global supply shortage of electrical components and inflationary cost increases has impacted our ability to meet customer demand and could adversely affect our business and financial results. The global supply shortage of electrical components, including semiconductor chips, continued to impact our supply chain in 2022. As a result, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, increases in our lead times and costs for certain components for certain products and delays in the delivery of some orders placed by our customers. In addition, in 2022, inflationary pressures contributed to increased costs for product components and wage inflation, which had minimal impact on our cost of products, gross margin and profit for the year. Our supply chain team, and our suppliers, continue to manage numerous supply, production and logistics obstacles. In an effort to mitigate these risks, in some cases, we have incurred higher costs due to investment in supply chain resiliency and to secure available inventory or have extended or placed non-cancellable purchase commitments with semiconductor suppliers, which introduces inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions prove inaccurate. We have also sourced components from additional suppliers and multi-sourced and pre-ordered components and finished goods inventory in some cases in an effort to reduce the impact of the adverse supply chain conditions we have experienced. However, if we are unable to secure manufacturing capacities from our current or new suppliers and contract manufacturers, on acceptable terms or at all, or successfully manage our purchase commitments and inventory for components, our ability to deliver our products to our customers in the desired quantities, at competitive prices or in a timely manner may be negatively impacted for 2023. Also, our suppliers and contract manufacturers have increased their prices, which increased our cost of products. We have been and may continue to be, affected by wage inflation. We also have been, and may continue to attempt to, offset the effect of these inflationary pressures by increasing the prices of our products. However, we may not be fully able to pass additional costs on to our customers, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In 2022, we were unable to supply approximately 20 million of revenue in our test businesses for which we had customer demand. Risks Related to Intellectual Property IP and Cybersecurity Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation costs, licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products. We have been sued for patent infringement and receive notifications from time to time that we may be in violation of patents held by others. An assertion of patent infringement against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our products or it could force us to seek a license to the intellectual property rights of others or alter such products so that they no longer infringe the intellectual property rights of others. A license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. Similarly, changing our products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or impractical. Additionally, patent litigation could require a significant use of management resources and involve a lengthy and expensive defense, even if we eventually prevail. If we do not prevail, we might be forced to pay significant damages, obtain licenses, modify our products, or stop making our products; each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results or cash flows. If we are unable to protect our IP, we may lose a valuable asset or may incur costly litigation to protect our rights. We protect the technology that is incorporated in our products in several ways, including through patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection and by contractual agreement. However, even with these protections, our IP may still be challenged, invalidated or subject to other infringement actions. While we believe that our IP has value in the aggregate, no single element of our IP is in itself essential. If a significant portion of our IP is invalidated or ineffective, our business could be materially adversely affected. A breach of our operational or security systems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We rely on various information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including proprietary and confidential data, and to carry out and support a variety of business 
 22 

Table of Contents 

activities, including manufacturing, research and development, supply chain management, sales and accounting. We have experienced several attempted cyber-attacks of our network. None of the attempted attacks have caused a disruption to our operations or had a material adverse effect on our business or financial results. As a result of the attempts, we have taken further preventive security measures to protect our systems. Despite these preventative security measures we have implemented, we may continue to be vulnerable to attempts by third parties to gain unauthorized access to our networks or sabotage our systems. These attempts, which might be related to criminal hackers, industrial espionage or state-sponsored intrusions, include trying to covertly introduce malware to our computers, networks and systems and impersonating authorized users. In addition, third party suppliers and service providers that we rely on to manage our networks and systems and process and store our proprietary and confidential data, including the data of our customers and suppliers, may also be subject to similar attacks. Employees and contractors may also attempt to gain unauthorized access to our systems and steal proprietary and confidential data. Such attempts could result in the misappropriation, theft, misuse, disclosure or loss or destruction of the intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal information, of Teradyne or our employees, customers, suppliers or other third parties, as well as damage to or disruptions in our information technology networks and systems. These threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. While we seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems may be successful, and in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. A failure in or a breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our suppliers and other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results, disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, damage our reputation, cause losses and increase our costs. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our information technology networks and systems. A breach of the security of our products could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We may be subject to security breaches of certain of our products caused by viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties or our employees or contractors. A breach of our product security systems could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results, disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, damage our reputation, cause losses, and increase our costs. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our products. Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted our business and could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or cash flows. During the global COVID-19 pandemic, government authorities implemented numerous measures in an effort to contain the spread of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on gatherings or social distancing requirements, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, vaccination and testing mandates, and business limitations and shutdowns. These measures impacted our day-to-day operations and disrupted our business, workforce and operations, as well as the operations of our customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers. The COVID-19 pandemic also significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty in our markets. The COVID-19 pandemic, and the numerous measures implemented in response, adversely impacted our results of operations, including increasing costs company-wide, but we cannot accurately estimate the full extent of the impact to our 2022, 2021 and 2020 financial results or to our future financial results. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic. However, we are unable to accurately predict the future of COVID-19, which will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with accuracy, including, but not limited to, any new surges or new strains or variants of the virus in areas where we do business, the availability and use of vaccinations and any further actions we may take as required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interest of our employees, customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Compliance The implementation of tariffs on our products may have a material impact on our business. Our business operations and supply chain are global and may be disrupted by the implementation of tariffs. In 2018, the United States Trade Representative imposed a 25 tariff on many lists of products, including certain Teradyne products that are made in China and imported into the United States. We have implemented operational changes that mitigate the impact of the 25 tariff on the import of our impacted products into the United States. As a result, the existing tariff has not had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The implementation of additional tariffs by the United States could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition to the actions taken by the United States, China has implemented retaliatory tariffs on products made in the United States and imported into China, including certain Teradyne products. We have implemented, if appropriate, operational changes that would mitigate the impact of the retaliatory tariffs. However, notwithstanding our efforts, the retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by China could disrupt our business operations, sales and supply chain and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Trade regulations and restrictions impact our ability to manufacture certain products and to sell products to and support certain customers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We are subject to U.S. laws and regulations that limit and restrict the export of some of our products and services and may restrict our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies, and in other circumstances are required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. We must also comply with export restrictions and laws imposed by other countries affecting trade and investments. We maintain an export compliance program but there are risks that the compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. Compliance with these laws has not significantly limited our sales but could significantly limit them in the future. Changes in, and responses to, U.S. trade policy could reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to drop, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The U.S. government from time to time has issued export restrictions that prohibit U.S. companies from exporting U.S. manufactured products, foreign manufactured products with more than 25 controlled U.S. content, as well as U.S. origin technology. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has restricted the access of U.S. origin technologies to certain Chinese semiconductor companies including YMTC and CXMT by adding those companies to the Entity List under U.S. Export Administration Regulations EAR ). The addition of certain of these companies to the entity list has had and will continue to have an adverse impact on our business with these customers. We will take appropriate actions, including filing for licenses with the U.S. Department of Commerce to attempt to minimize the impact of the restrictions on these companies. On May 16, 2019, Huawei and 68 of its affiliates, including HiSilicon, were added to the U.S. Department of Commerce Entity List under the EAR. This action by the U.S. Department of Commerce imposed new export licensing requirements on exports, re-exports, and in-country transfers of all U.S. regulated products, software and technology to the designated Huawei entities. On August 17, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce published final regulations expanding the scope of the U.S. EAR to include additional products that would become subject to export restrictions relating to Huawei entities including HiSilicon. These new regulations restrict the sale to Huawei and the designated Huawei entities of certain non-U.S. made items, such as semiconductor devices, manufactured for or sold to Huawei entities including HiSilicon under specific, detailed conditions set forth in the new regulations. These new regulations have impacted our sales to Huawei, HiSilicon and their suppliers. We are taking appropriate actions, including filing license applications and obtaining licenses 
 24 

Table of Contents 

from the U.S. Department of Commerce. However, we do not expect these actions will mitigate the impact of the regulations on our sales to Huawei, HiSilicon and other suppliers. As a result, the regulations will continue to have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. It is uncertain the extent these new regulations and any additional regulations that may be implemented by the U.S. Department of Commerce or other government agency may have on our business with other customers or potential customers. Also, our controls related to Entity List compliance could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. On April 28, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce published new export control regulations for certain U.S. products and technology sold to military end users or for military end-use in China, Russia and Venezuela. The definition of military end user is broad. The regulations went into effect on June 29, 2020. In December 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued a list of companies in China and other countries that it considered to be military end users. Compliance with the new export controls has impacted our ability to sell products to certain customers in China. In addition, while we maintain an export compliance program, our compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. We will continue to assess the impact of the new export controls on our business and operations and take appropriate actions, including filing for licenses with the U.S. Department of Commerce, to minimize any disruption. However, we cannot be certain that the actions we take will mitigate all the risks associated with the export controls that may impact our business. On October 7, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce published new regulations restricting the export to China of advanced semiconductors, supercomputer technology, equipment for the manufacturing of advanced semiconductors and components and technology for the manufacturing in China of certain semiconductor manufacturing equipment. The new restrictions are lengthy and complex. We continue to assess the impact of these regulations on our business. We have determined that restrictions on the sale of semiconductor testers in China to test certain advanced semiconductors will impact our sales to certain companies in China. Several multinational companies manufacturing these advanced semiconductors in China have obtained one-year licenses allowing suppliers such as Teradyne to continue to provide testers to the facilities operated by these companies. We expect that other companies manufacturing advanced semiconductors in China will not receive licenses, thereby restricting our ability to provide testers to the facilities operated by these companies that do not receive a license. We also are filing license requests to sell to and support certain customers in China for certain end uses that, if granted, may reduce the impact of these restrictions on our business. At this time, we do not know the impact these end user and end use restrictions will have on our business in China or on future revenues. In addition to the specific restrictions impacting our business, the regulations may have an adverse impact on certain actual or potential customers and on the global semiconductor industry. To the extent the regulations impact actual and potential customers or disrupt the global semiconductor industry, our business and revenues will be adversely impacted. We also have determined that the restrictions on the export of certain US origin components and technology for use in the development and production in China of certain semiconductor manufacturing equipment impact our manufacturing and development operations in China. We have received a temporary authorization from the U.S. Department of Commerce allowing us to continue our manufacturing and development operations in China until the U.S. Department of Commerce issues a license to replace this temporary authorization. We cannot assess the likelihood or timing of receiving this license. In addition to requesting a license, we are implementing procedures for minimizing the impact of these new regulations on our operations in China, but there is no assurance that these procedures will succeed. In response to the regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce, the Chinese government has passed new laws, including blocking legislation, which may impact our business activities in China. The Company is assessing the potential impact of these new Chinese laws and monitoring relevant laws and regulations issued by the Chinese government. The impact of these new Chinese laws on our business activities in China remains uncertain at this time. We may be subject to product recalls and warranty and product liability claims. We invest significant resources in the design, manufacturing and testing of our products. However, from time to time, we discover design or manufacturing defects in our products after they have been shipped and, as a 
 25 

Table of Contents 

result, we have incurred development and remediation costs and settled warranty and product liability claims. In addition, when our products contain defects or have reliability, quality or safety issues, we have conducted a product recall which resulted in significant repair or replacement costs and substantial delays in product shipments and may damage our reputation which could make it more difficult to sell our products. We could continue to have warranty and product liability claims or product recalls in the future. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We may incur significant costs of complying with present and future environmental regulations and may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with such environmental regulations. We are subject to both domestic and international environmental regulations and statutory strict liability relating to the use, storage, discharge, site cleanup and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. In addition, future regulations in response to global climate change may affect us, our suppliers, and our customers. Such regulations could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or both incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. Future climate change regulations could result in decreased demand for our products. If we fail to comply with present and future regulations, or are required to perform site remediation, we could be subject to future liabilities or cost, including penalties or the suspension of production. Present and future regulations may also: 

restrict our ability to expand facilities; 

restrict our ability to ship certain products; 

require us to modify our operations logistics; 

require us to acquire costly equipment; or 

require us to incur other significant costs and expenses. Pursuant to present regulations and agreements, we are conducting groundwater and subsurface assessment and monitoring and are implementing remediation and corrective action plans for facilities located in Massachusetts and New Hampshire which are no longer conducting manufacturing operations. As of December 31, 2022, we have not incurred material costs as a result of the monitoring and remediation steps taken at the Massachusetts and New Hampshire sites. The directive on the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the RoHS Directive and the directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the WEEE Directive altered the form and manner in which electronic equipment is imported, sold and handled in the European Union. Other jurisdictions, such as China, have followed the European Union s lead in enacting legislation with respect to hazardous substances and waste removal. Ensuring compliance with the RoHS Directive, the WEEE Directive and similar legislation in other jurisdictions, and integrating compliance activities with our suppliers and customers could result in additional costs and disruption to operations and logistics and thus, could have a negative impact on our business, operations or financial condition. We currently are, and in the future may be, subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings that could have an adverse effect on our business. From time to time, we may be subject to litigation or other administrative, regulatory or governmental proceedings, including tax audits and resulting claims that could require significant management time and resources and cause us to incur expenses and, in the event of an adverse decision, pay damages or incur costs in an amount that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. We may face risks associated with shareholder activism. We may become subject to campaigns by shareholders advocating corporate actions such as financial restructuring, increased borrowing, special dividends, stock repurchases or divestitures. Such activities could 
 26 

Table of Contents 

interfere with our ability to execute our business plans, be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of management, or result in our initiating borrowing or increasing our share repurchase plan or dividend, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business or stock price. Provisions of our charter and by-laws and Massachusetts law may make a takeover of Teradyne more difficult. There are provisions in our basic corporate documents and under Massachusetts law that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control may be regarded as beneficial to some or all of our stockholders. 

Item 1B: 
 Unresolved Staff Comments None. 

Item 2: 
 Properties We conduct manufacturing, engineering, sales and marketing, service, corporate administration and other operations in various leased and owned facilities throughout the world. We own approximately 720,000 square feet of office space and lease over 1,500,000 square feet of office space. Our corporate headquarters is in North Reading, Massachusetts, in buildings that we own consisting of approximately 422,000 square feet. We believe our existing facilities and planned expansions noted below are adequate to meet our current and reasonably foreseeable requirements. We regularly evaluate our expected facility needs and periodically make adjustments based on these evaluations. In 2019, we purchased land in Denmark to construct a new building for our Robotics operations. The new building construction is expected to be completed by the first quarter of 2024. 

Item 3: 
 Legal Proceedings We are subject to legal proceedings, claims and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business such as, but not limited to, patent, employment, commercial and environmental matters. We believe that we have meritorious defenses against all pending claims and intend to vigorously contest them. While it is not possible to predict or determine the outcomes of any pending claims or to provide possible ranges of losses that may arise, we believe the potential losses associated with all these actions are unlikely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosure Not Applicable. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5: 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol TER. As of February 17, 2023, there were approximately 1,214 holders of record of shares of our common stock. See Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for information on the frequency and amounts of our quarterly cash dividends, equity compensation plans and performance graph. The following table includes information with respect to repurchases we made of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands except per share price): 

Period 
 
 (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 

(b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 

(c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

(d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that may Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 3, 2022 October 30, 2022 

30 

69.41 

30 

647,918,955 

October 31, 2022 November 27, 2022 

1 

82.03 

647,918,955 

November 28, 2022 December 31, 2022 

1 

92.64 

647,918,955 

32 
 (1) 

70.14 
 (1) 

30 

(1) 
 Includes approximately two thousand shares at an average price of 83.49 withheld from employees for the payment of taxes. 

(2) 
 In January 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2.0 billion of common stock. In January 2023, the Board of Directors cancelled the 2021 repurchase program and approved a new 2.0 billion of common stock. Unless terminated by resolution of our Board of Directors, the repurchase program will expire when we have repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program. We satisfy U.S. federal and state minimum withholding tax obligations due upon the vesting and the conversion of restricted stock units into shares of our common stock, by automatically withholding from the shares being issued, a number of shares with an aggregate fair market value on the date of such vesting and conversion that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due. 

Item 6: 
 (Reserved) 

Item 7: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview We are a leading global supplier of automated test equipment and robotics products. We design, develop, manufacture and sell automatic test systems and robotics products. Our automatic test systems are used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in many industries including consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications, and aerospace and defense industries. Our Robotics products include collaborative robotic arms and autonomous mobile robots AMRs used by global manufacturing, logistics and industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing and 
 28 

Table of Contents 

material handling efficiency and decrease manufacturing and logistics costs. Our automatic test equipment and robotics products and services include: 

semiconductor test Semiconductor Test systems; 

storage and system level test Storage Test systems, defense/aerospace Defense/Aerospace test instrumentation and systems and circuit-board test and inspection Production Board Test systems (collectively these products represent System Test 

wireless test Wireless Test systems; and 

robotics Robotics products. The market for our test products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. A few customers drive significant demand for our products both through direct sales and sales to the customer s supply partners. We expect that sales of our test products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable future. In 2022, the demand in the mobility and compute segments of our Semiconductor Test business was lower due to end market slowdown in these segments as well as a slower technology transition in one of our largest end-markets. While the depth of the slowdown and the timing of the recovery are uncertain, we expect the ramp of 3 nanometer process technology starting in 2023 followed by gate-all-around process technology, increasing multichip packaging, additional device complexity and unit growth will drive additional demand for test over our four year forecast period. Our Robotics segment consists of Universal Robots A/S UR ), a leading supplier of collaborative robotic arms and Mobile Industrial Robots A/S MiR ), a leading maker of AMRs for industrial automation. In September 2022, we merged MiR and AutoGuide, LLC AutoGuide ), a maker of high payload AMRs, to become a single supplier of AMRs. The market for our Robotics segment products is dependent on the adoption of new automation technologies by large manufacturers as well as small and medium enterprises SMEs throughout the world. We expect Robotics sales channel expansion combined with new products to drive the growth in 2023. Both our test and robotics businesses may continue to be influenced by supply constraints, which could impact our revenue and costs in 2023. In 2022, inflation had minimal effect on our results. In 2022, we were unable to supply approximately 20 million of revenue in our test businesses for which we had customer demand. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. While the majority of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, approximately 70 percent of our Robotics revenue is denominated in foreign currencies. In 2022, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar was a factor in lower than forecasted revenues in our Robotics segment. Continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar would negatively affect Robotics revenue growth in 2023. Our corporate strategy continues to focus on profitably gaining market share in our test businesses through the introduction of differentiated products that target expanding segments and accelerating growth through continued investment in our Robotics businesses. We plan to continue investing in our growth while balancing capital allocations between returning capital to our shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends and using capital for acquisitions. Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on our Business During the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, government authorities implemented numerous measures in an effort to contain the spread of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on 
 29 

Table of Contents 

gatherings or social distancing requirements, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, vaccination and testing mandates, and business limitations and shutdowns. Additionally, we took proactive, aggressive action to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers, and to comply with all government orders around the globe. The spread of COVID-19 caused us to modify our business practices, which included implementing social distancing protocols, limiting employee travel and requiring employees to work remotely. These measures impacted our day-to-day operations and disrupted our business, workforce and operations, as well as the operations of our customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has also been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and our markets. We are not aware of any specific event or circumstance that would require an update to our estimates or judgments or a revision of the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of February 22, 2023, the date of issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe the COVID-19 pandemic, and the numerous measures implemented by authorities in response, adversely impacted our results of operations, including by increasing costs, but we cannot accurately estimate the amount of the impact to our 2022 and 2021 financial results or to our future financial results. In addition, the pandemic has disrupted our contract manufacturers and suppliers, and has resulted in some instances in short-term cost increases to meet customer demand. While a continuation of the pandemic may further impact our workforce and operations, as well as those of our customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers, we expect that our manufacturing facilities will remain operational, at sufficient capacity to support production demand. We are monitoring our operations closely in an effort to avoid any potential productivity loss caused by responses to the COVID-19 pandemic. We experienced interruptions to our supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our suppliers have faced and may continue to face difficulties maintaining operations in light of COVID-19 disruptions and government-ordered restrictions. Our supply chain team, and our suppliers, continue to manage numerous supply, production, and logistics obstacles caused by the pandemic. There is no assurance that these efforts will be successful. The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to disrupt our ability to obtain components required to manufacture our products, adversely affecting our operations and in some instances resulting in higher costs and delays, both for obtaining components and shipping finished goods to customers. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic. We may take further actions as may be required or recommended by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers. In these circumstances, there may be developments outside our control requiring us to adjust our operating plan. As a result, given the uncertain nature of this situation, we are not able to accurately predict the full extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or cash flows in the future. Supply Chain Constraints and Inflationary Pressures The global supply shortage of electrical components, including semiconductor chips, continued to impact our supply chain in 2022. As a result, we experienced, and expect to continue to experience, increases in our lead times and costs for certain components for certain of our products. In addition, in 2022, inflationary pressures contributed to increased costs for product components and wage inflation, which had minimal impact on our cost of products, gross margin and profit for the year. Our supply chain team, and our suppliers, continue to manage numerous supply, production, and logistics obstacles. In an effort to mitigate these risks, in some cases, we have incurred higher costs due to investment in supply chain resiliency and to secure available inventory or have extended or placed non-cancellable purchase commitments with semiconductor suppliers, which introduces inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions prove inaccurate. We have also sourced components from additional suppliers and multi-sourced and pre-ordered components and finished goods inventory in some cases in an effort to reduce the impact of the adverse supply chain conditions we have experienced. However, if we are unable to secure manufacturing capacities from our current or new suppliers and contract manufacturers, on 
 30 

Table of Contents 

acceptable terms or at all, or successfully manage our purchase commitments and inventory for components, our ability to deliver our products to our customers in the desired quantities, at competitive prices or in a timely manner may be negatively impacted for 2023. Impact of Russia s invasion of Ukraine on our Business Russia s invasion of Ukraine, in February 2022, did not have a significant direct impact on our business as we have minimal business in Russia and Ukraine. However, following the invasion, the U.S. and other countries imposed significant sanctions against the Russian government and many Russian companies and individuals. Although we do not have significant operations in Russia, the sanctions and Russia s response to the sanctions, have impacted our business in other countries and could have a negative impact on our future revenue and supply chain, either of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, the global economic uncertainty following the invasion, sanctions and Russia s response to the sanctions could impact demand for our products. Impact of October 7, 2022 U.S. Department of Commerce Regulations on our Business On October 7, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce published new regulations restricting the export to China of advanced semiconductors, supercomputer technology, equipment for the manufacturing of advanced semiconductors and components and technology for the manufacturing in China of certain semiconductor manufacturing equipment. The new restrictions are lengthy and complex. We continue to assess the impact of these regulations on our business. We have determined that restrictions on the sale of semiconductor testers in China to test certain advanced semiconductors will impact our sales to certain companies in China. Several multinational companies manufacturing these advanced semiconductors in China have obtained one-year licenses allowing suppliers such as Teradyne to continue to provide testers to the facilities operated by these companies. We expect that other companies manufacturing advanced semiconductors in China will not receive licenses, thereby restricting our ability to provide testers to the facilities operated by these companies that do not receive a license. We are also filing license requests to sell to and support certain customers in China for certain end uses that, if granted, may reduce the impact of these restrictions on our business. At this time, we do not know the impact these end user and end use restrictions will have on our business in China or on future revenues. In addition to the specific restrictions impacting our business, the regulations may have an adverse impact on certain actual or potential customers and on the global semiconductor industry. To the extent the regulations impact actual and potential customers or disrupt the global semiconductor industry, our business and revenues will be adversely impacted. We also have determined that the restrictions on the export of certain U.S. origin components and technology for use in the development and production in China of certain semiconductor manufacturing equipment impact our manufacturing and development operations in China. We have received a temporary authorization from the U.S. Department of Commerce allowing us to continue our manufacturing and development operations in China until the U.S. Department of Commerce issues a license to replace this temporary authorization. We cannot assess the likelihood or timing of receiving this license. In addition to requesting a license, we are implementing procedures for minimizing the impact of these new regulations on our operations in China, but there is no assurance that these procedures will succeed. See Part II Item 1A, Risk Factors, included herein for updates to our risk factors regarding risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain issues and international conflicts. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We have identified the policies and estimates discussed below as critical to understanding our business and our results of operations and financial condition. The impact and any associated risks related to these estimates on our business operations is discussed throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. For a full description of our accounting policies related to the below items refer to Note B. Accounting Policies, included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Critical accounting estimates are complex and may require significant judgment by management. Changes to the underlying assumptions may have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. These estimates may change, as new events occur, and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Revenue Recognition In accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 , we recognize revenues, when or as control is transferred to a customer. Our determination of revenue requires judgment in the determination of performance obligations and allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations. We often sell bundled orders that include both product and services or multiple different products within the same order. We evaluate each of the deliverables to determine if it meets the definition of a performance obligation, which requires that it is capable of being distinct and distinct within the context of the contract. This determination is based on an assessment of contractual rights of the contract and the ability of the performance obligation to perform on its own or with readily available resources. In bundled transactions we estimate the standalone selling price of each identified performance obligation and use that estimate to allocate the transaction price among said performance obligations. The estimated standalone selling price is determined using all information reasonably available to us, including standalone transactions, market information and other observable inputs. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost using a standard costing system which approximates cost based on a first-in, first-out basis or net realizable value. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate all inventories for net realizable value. This quarterly process identifies obsolete and excess inventory. Obsolete inventory, which represents items for which there is no demand, is fully reserved. Excess inventory, which represents inventory items that are not expected to be consumed within the forecasted demand window, is written down to estimated net realizable value. Forecasted demand information is obtained from the sales and marketing groups and incorporates factors such as backlog and future revenues. The demand forecast is based on assumptions around the product life and customer and market forecasts. Retirement and Postretirement Plans We recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of the plan assets in our operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. Discount rate and expected return on assets are two assumptions which are important elements of pension plan expense and asset/liability measurement. We evaluate our discount rate and expected rate of return on assets assumptions annually on a plan and country specific basis. We evaluate other assumptions related to demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover periodically, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. In developing the expected return on U.S. Qualified Pension Plan U.S. Plan assets assumption, we evaluated input from our investment manager and pension consultants, including their forecast of asset class return expectations. We believe that 2.0 was an appropriate rate of return on assets to use for 2022. The December 31, 2022 asset allocation for our U.S. Plan was 94 invested in fixed income securities, 5 invested in equity securities, and 1 invested in other securities. Our investment manager regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances the portfolio to ensure alignment with our target allocations. The discount rate that we utilized for determining future pension obligations for the U.S. Plan is based on the FTSE Pension Index adjusted for the U.S. Plan s expected cash flows and was 4.95 at December 31, 2022, up from 2.65 at December 31, 2021. We estimate that in 2023 we will recognize approximately 0.4 million of pension expense for the U.S. Plan. The U.S. Plan pension expense estimate for 2023 is based on a 4.95 
 32 

Table of Contents 

discount rate and a 4.75 return on assets. Future pension expense or income will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the employee population participating in our pension plans. Goodwill, Intangible and Long-Lived Assets We assess goodwill for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, as of December 31, on a reporting unit basis, or more frequently, when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. We review intangible and long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. Goodwill impairment will be the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. Impairment of intangible and long-lived assets would result in the asset being written down to its estimated fair value. The calculated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible or long-lived asset is dependent upon discounted cash flow DCF models, discount rates, and market multiples. DCF models rely on our forecasted mid-term plans which are subjective based on customer or market conditions and can change materially. We utilize third party specialists when determining discount rates and selected market multiples. A change in any of these key assumptions could result in a reporting unit, intangible asset, or long-lived asset being impaired in a future period. Convertible Debt We adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU ASU 2020-06 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, on January 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective method of adoption. As a result of adoption, we recorded an increase of 1.4 million to current debt for unsettled shares, an increase of 1.8 million to deferred tax assets, an increase of 6.6 million to long-term debt for unamortized debt discount, and an increase to retained earnings of 94.6 million for the reclassification of the equity component. Mezzanine equity representing unsettled shares value was reduced to zero and additional paid-in capital was reduced by 100.8 million. In accordance with ASU 2020-06, we account for a convertible debt instrument as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. Unsettled shares are recorded in current debt, and there is no recognition of a debt discount, which was previously amortized to interest expense. Settled shares reduce the outstanding debt balance in an amount equal to the cash paid, but do not result in any gain or loss on extinguishment. We use the if-converted method in the diluted EPS calculation for convertible instruments. Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Evaluating the positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the net deferred tax assets in accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes is a key judgment in the valuation of income taxes. This assessment included the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, estimates of projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies. Although realization is not assured, based on our assessment, we concluded that it is more likely than not that such assets, net of the existing valuation allowance, will be realized. Results of Operations Information pertaining to fiscal year 2020 results of operations, including a year-to-year comparison against fiscal year 2021, was included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations, which was filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. This information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the percentage of total net revenues included in our consolidated statements of operations: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Percentage of revenues: 

Revenues: 

Products 

82.1 

86.3 

Services 

17.9 

13.7 

Total revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenues: 

Cost of products 

33.0 

35.1 

Cost of services 

7.8 

5.3 

Total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired intangible assets amortization shown separately below) 

40.8 

40.4 

Gross profit 

59.2 

59.6 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and administrative 

17.7 

14.8 

Engineering and development 

14.0 

11.5 

Acquired intangible assets amortization 

0.6 

0.6 

Restructuring and other 

0.5 

0.3 

Total operating expenses 

32.8 

27.2 

Income from operations 

26.4 

32.4 

Non-operating (income) expenses: 

Interest income 

(0.2) 

(0.1) 
 
 Interest expense 

0.1 

0.5 

Other (income) expense, net 

(0.2) 

0.7 

Income before income taxes 

26.6 

31.4 

Income tax provision 

4.0 

4.0 

Net income 

22.7 

27.4 

Revenues Revenues for our reportable segments were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Dollar Change 

(in millions) 

Semiconductor Test 

2,080.6 

2,642.3 

(561.7) 
 
 System Test 

469.3 

467.7 

1.6 

Robotics 

403.1 

375.9 

27.2 

Wireless Test 

201.7 

216.9 

(15.2) 
 
 Corporate and Eliminations 

0.3 

0.3 

3,155.0 

3,702.9 

(547.9) 

34 

Table of Contents 

The decrease in Semiconductor Test revenues of 561.7 million, or 21.3 , was driven primarily by lower tester sales in mobile and high performance compute processor applications, partially offset by an increase in advance driver assistance systems ADAS tester sales. The increase in System Test revenues of 1.6 million, or 0.3 , was primarily due to higher sales in Defense/Aerospace and in Production Board Test, partially offset by a decline in Storage Test sales of system level testers. The rise in Robotics revenues of 27.2 million, or 7.2 , was driven primarily by higher demand for UR s collaborative robotic arms and MiR s autonomous mobile robots, partially offset by changes in foreign exchange rates. The decrease in Wireless Test revenues of 15.2 million, or 7.0 , was primarily due to a decrease in cellular test product sales, partially offset by an increase in ultra-wide band test product sales. Our reportable segments accounted for the following percentages of consolidated revenues: 

2022 

2021 

Semiconductor Test 

66 

71 

System Test 

15 

13 

Robotics 

13 

10 

Wireless Test 

6 

6 

100 

100 

Revenues by country as a percentage of total revenues were as follows (1): 

2022 

2021 

Taiwan 

20 

30 

Korea 

17 

14 

China 

16 

17 

United States 

15 

11 

Europe 

9 

7 

Japan 

5 

4 

Malaysia 

5 

4 

Thailand 

4 

4 

Philippines 

4 

5 

Singapore 

3 

3 

Rest of the World 

2 

1 

100 

100 

(1) 
 Revenues attributable to a country are based on the location of the customer site. The breakout of product and service revenues was as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Dollar Change 

(in millions) 

Product revenues 

2,591.6 

3,196.6 

(605.0) 
 
 Service revenues 

563.5 

506.3 

57.2 

3,155.0 

3,702.9 

(547.9) 

35 

Table of Contents 

Our product revenues decreased 605.0 million, or 18.9 , primarily due to lower tester sales in Semiconductor Test for mobile and high performance compute processor applications, and a decrease in cellular test product sales in Wireless Test, partially offset by the rise in Robotics revenues driven primarily by elevated demand for collaborative robotic arms and autonomous mobile robots. Our service revenues increased 57.2 million or 11.3 primarily in Semiconductor Test and Storage Test. In 2021, revenues from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd., a customer of our Semiconductor Test segment, accounted for 12 of our consolidated revenues. In 2022 and 2021, our five largest direct customers in aggregate accounted for 26 and 33 of our consolidated revenues, respectively. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by Qualcomm, a customer of our Semiconductor Test, System Test and Wireless Test segments, combining direct and indirect sales, accounted for approximately 11 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 and less than 10 in 2021. We estimate consolidated revenues driven by one OEM customer, of our Semiconductor Test and Wireless Test segments, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer s OSATs, accounted for less than 10 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 and 19 of our consolidated revenues in 2021. Gross Profit 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Dollar / Point Change 

(in millions) 

Gross profit 

1,867.2 

2,206.7 

(339.5) 
 
 Percent of total revenues 

59.2 

59.6 

(0.4) 
 Gross profit as a percent of total revenues decreased by 0.4 points, primarily due to higher service costs partially offset by favorable product mix and lower variable compensation. The breakout of product and service gross profit was as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Dollar / Point Change 

(in millions) 

Product gross profit 

1,549.0 

1,896.5 

(347.5) 
 
 Percent of product revenues 

59.8 

59.3 

0.5 

Service gross profit 

318.1 

310.2 

7.9 

Percent of service revenues 

56.5 

61.3 

(4.8) 
 Service revenues gross profit percentage decreased 4.8 primarily due to lower margins in Semiconductor Test driven by an increase in headcount. We assess the carrying value of our inventory on a quarterly basis by estimating future demand and comparing that demand against on-hand and on-order inventory positions. Forecasted revenues information is obtained from the sales and marketing groups and incorporates factors such as backlog and future revenues. This quarterly process identifies obsolete and excess inventory. Obsolete inventory, which represents items for which there is no demand, is fully reserved. Excess inventory, which represents inventory items that are not expected to be consumed within the forecasted demand window, is written down to estimated net realizable value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an inventory provision of 31.5 million included in cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain products. Of the 31.5 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, 21.5 million was related to Semiconductor Test, 4.6 million was related to Wireless Test, 3.7 million was related to Robotics, and 1.7 million was related to System Test. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an inventory provision of 15.5 million included in cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain products. Of the 15.5 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, 6.7 million was related to Semiconductor Test, 6.4 million was related to Robotics, 1.8 million was related to Wireless Test, and 0.6 million was related to System Test. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we scrapped 8.8 million and 10.9 million of inventory, respectively, and sold 1.8 million and 2.5 million of previously written-down or written-off inventory, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had inventory related reserves for amounts which had been written-down or written-off totaling 136.8 million. We have no pre-determined timeline to scrap the remaining inventory. Selling and Administrative Selling and administrative expenses were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Change 

(in millions) 

Selling and administrative 

558.1 

547.6 

10.5 

Percent of total revenues 

17.7 

14.8 

The increase of 10.5 million in selling and administrative expenses was primarily driven by increase in headcount and greater spending in Robotics, partially offset by lower variable compensation. Engineering and Development Engineering and development expenses were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Change 

(in millions) 

Engineering and development 

440.6 

427.6 

13.0 

Percent of total revenues 

14.0 

11.5 

The increase of 13.0 million in engineering and development expenses was primarily driven by increase in headcount and greater spending in Robotics and Semiconductor Test, partially offset by lower variable compensation. Restructuring and Other During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a charge of 14.7 million related to the arbitration claim filed against Teradyne and AutoGuide related to an earn-out dispute, which was settled on March 25, 2022 for 26.7 million, 2.9 million of severance charges primarily in Robotics, and a charge of 2.7 million for an increase in environmental and legal liabilities, partially offset by a 3.4 million gain on sale of an asset. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a charge of 12.0 million related to the arbitration claim filed against Teradyne and AutoGuide related to an earn-out dispute, 1.5 million of severance charges primarily in Robotics, 0.5 million of acquisition related compensation and expenses and 2.5 million for an increase in environmental and legal liabilities, offset by a 7.2 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the AutoGuide contingent consideration liability. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Interest and Other 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Change 

(in millions) 

Interest income 

(6.4) 

(2.6) 

(3.8) 
 
 Interest expense 

3.7 

17.8 

(14.1) 
 
 Other (income) expense, net 

(5.8) 

24.6 

(30.4) 
 Interest income increased 3.8 million due to higher interest rates. Interest expense decreased 14.1 million primarily due to the January 1, 2022 adoption of ASU 2020-06 which eliminated the amortization of the debt discount which was 10.3 million in 2021. Other (income) expense, net decreased by 30.4 million primarily due to 28.8 million losses on convertible debt conversions recognized in 2021 and an increase in pension actuarial gains, from 2.2 million gain in 2021 to 25.6 million gain in 2022, partially offset by changes in gains/losses on equity securities, from a 7.2 million gain in 2021 to a 9.0 million loss in 2022, and a 4 million increase in foreign exchange losses. Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes 

2022 

2021 

2021-2022 Change 

(in millions) 

Semiconductor Test 

634.5 

977.0 

(342.5) 
 
 System Test 

166.9 

163.1 

3.8 

Wireless Test 

66.8 

83.5 

(16.7) 
 
 Robotics 

(16.2) 

(8.2) 

(8.0) 
 
 Corporate and Eliminations (1) 

(11.6) 

(54.5) 

42.9 

840.4 

1,161.0 

(320.6) 

(1) 
 Included in Corporate and Eliminations are interest income, interest expense, net foreign exchange gains (losses), intercompany eliminations, pension and postretirement plan actuarial gains (losses), legal and environmental fees, contingent consideration adjustments, acquisition related charges and compensation and loss on convertible debt conversions in 2021. The decrease in income before income taxes in Semiconductor Test was driven primarily by lower revenues in mobile and high performance compute processor applications, partially offset by lower variable compensation. The increase in income before income taxes in System Test was primarily due to higher sales in Defense/Aerospace and in Production Board Test, partially offset by a decline in Storage Test sales of system level testers. The decrease in income before income taxes in Wireless Test was driven primarily by lower sales in cellular test products partially offset by elevated sales in ultra-wide band test products. The decrease in income before income taxes in Robotics, was driven primarily by an increase in headcount and greater spending, partially offset by higher revenue for collaborative robotic arms and autonomous mobile robots. The change in income before income taxes in Corporate and Eliminations of 42.9 million was due primarily to 28.8 million of losses on convertible debt conversions recognized in 2021 and an increase of 23.4 million in pension actuarial gains in 2022. Income Taxes Income tax expense for 2022 and 2021, totaled 124.9 million and 146.4 million, respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 14.9 and 12.6 , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate from 2021 to 2022 is primarily attributable to a shift in the geographic distribution of income, which increased the income subject to taxation in higher tax rate jurisdictions relative to lower tax rate jurisdictions, increases in expense from U.S. global low-taxed income and increases in expense 
 38 

Table of Contents 

from non-deductible officer compensation. These increases in expense were partially offset by increases in benefits from the U.S. foreign derived intangible income deduction and tax credits. We qualify for a tax holiday in Singapore by fulfilling the requirements of an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development Board under which certain headcount and spending requirements must be met. The tax savings attributable to the Singapore tax holiday for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 16.0 million or 0.09 per diluted share and 33.3 million or 0.18 per diluted share, respectively. In November 2020, we entered into an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development Board which extended our Singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on December 31, 2020. The new tax holiday is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2025. Capital Resources and Material Cash Requirements Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance decreased by 495 million in 2022 to 1,005 million. Cash decreased due to stock repurchases in the amount of 752 million, quarterly cash dividend payments in the amount of 70 million, payments of convertible debt principal in the amount of 67 million partially offset by cash generated by our global operations. Operating activities during 2022 provided cash of 577.9 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used cash of 272.6 million. This was due to a 170.9 million increase in operating assets and a 101.7 million decrease in operating liabilities. The increase in operating assets was due to a 140.7 million increase in prepayments and other assets due to prepayments to our contract manufacturers, an 80.8 million increase in inventories, partially offset by a 50.6 million decrease in accounts receivable due to lower sales. The decrease in operating liabilities was due to a 40.3 million decrease in accrued employee compensation, a 29.8 million decrease in income taxes, a 10.8 million decrease in accounts payable, a 9.3 million decrease in other accrued liabilities, a 6.2 million decrease in deferred revenue and customer advance payments, and 5.1 million of retirement plan contributions. Investing activities during 2022 provided cash of 43.8 million, due to 268.1 million and 222.9 million in proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities, respectively, 3.4 million due to sale of an asset, partially offset by 287.4 million used for purchases of marketable securities, and 163.2 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment. Financing activities during 2022 used cash of 893.0 million, due to 752.1 million used for the repurchase of 7.3 million shares of common stock at an average price of 103.69 per share, 69.7 million used for dividend payments, 66.8 million used for the payments of convertible debt principal, and 33.2 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards, partially offset by 28.7 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans. Operating activities during 2021 provided cash of 1,098.4 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used cash of 98.8 million. This was due to a 227.1 million increase in operating assets and a 128.4 million increase in operating liabilities. The increase in operating assets was due to a 175.8 million increase in prepayments and other assets due to prepayments to our contract manufacturers, a 57.8 million increase in accounts receivable due to greater sales, partially offset by a 6.5 million decrease in inventories. The increase in operating liabilities was due to a 63.5 million increase in other accrued liabilities, a 35.1 million increase in accrued employee compensation, a 22.9 million increase in accounts payable, and a 9.9 million increase in deferred revenue and customer advance payments, partially offset by a 5.6 million decrease in income taxes, and 5.4 million of retirement plan contributions. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Investing activities during 2021 provided cash of 120.4 million, due to 660.1 million and 266.5 million in proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities, respectively, partially offset by 661.8 million used for purchases of marketable securities, 132.5 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, and 12.0 million used for an investment in MachineMetrics, Inc. MachineMetrics ). Financing activities during 2021 used cash of 1,008.6 million, due to 600.0 million used for the repurchase of 4.8 million shares of common stock at an average price of 125.74 per share, 343.0 million used for the payments of convertible debt principal, 66.0 million used for dividend payments, and 32.3 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards, partially offset by 32.7 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans. In January 2022, May 2022, August 2022 and November 2022, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.11 per share. Total dividend payments in 2022 were 69.7 million. In January 2021, May 2021, August 2021 and November 2021, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.10 per share. Total dividend payments in 2021 were 66.0 million. In January 2021, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase program for up to 2.0 billion of common stock. In 2022, we repurchased 7.3 million shares of common stock for 752.1 million at an average price of 103.69 per share. In 2021, we repurchased 4.8 million shares of common stock for 600.0 million at an average price of 125.74 per share. The cumulative repurchases as of December 31, 2022, under this repurchase program were 12.0 million shares of common stock for 1,352.1 million at an average price per share of 112.44. In January 2023, our Board of Directors cancelled the 2021 repurchase program and approved a new repurchase program for up to 2.0 billion of common stock. We intend to repurchase up to 500.0 million of common stock in 2023 subject to market conditions. While we declared a quarterly cash dividend and authorized a share repurchase program, we may reduce or eliminate the cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. Future cash dividends and stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, which will consider, among other things, our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. On May 1, 2020, we entered into a credit agreement providing a three-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of 400 million. On December 10, 2021, the credit agreement was amended to extend the senior secured revolving credit facility to December 10, 2026. On October 5, 2022, the credit agreement was amended to increase the amount of the credit facility to 750.0 million from 400.0 million. As of February 22, 2023, we have not borrowed any funds under the credit facility. We expect operations to continue to be the primary source of cash to operate the business and meet material cash commitments, including any payments of convertible debt principal, our stock repurchase program, our quarterly dividends, our office lease obligations, contractual obligations related to inventory purchases and the construction of new facilities. We believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance will be sufficient to pay our quarterly dividend and meet our working capital and expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. Inflation has not had a significant long-term impact on earnings. At this time, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had an impact on our liquidity, but there is no assurance that continued impacts resulting from the pandemic will not have an adverse effect in the future. At December 31, 2022, our future contractual obligations were related to debt, leases, retirement plan liabilities, deferred tax benefits, and purchase obligations. See Note J. Debt , Note I. Leases , Note P. Retirement Plans , and Note S. Income Taxes of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for information about those obligations, which Notes are incorporated by reference into this section. Our purchase obligations were approximately 654.8 million, with 570.3 million expected to be paid within twelve months. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Retirement Plans ASC 715-20, Compensation Retirement Benefits Defined Benefit Plans, requires an employer with defined benefit plans or other postretirement benefit plans to recognize an asset or a liability on its balance sheet for the overfunded or underfunded status of the plans as defined by ASC 715-20. The pension asset or liability represents the difference between the fair value of the pension plans assets and the projected benefit obligation as of December 31. For other postretirement benefit plans, the liability is the difference between the fair value of the plan s assets and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our pension income, which includes the U.S. Qualified Pension Plan U.S. Plan ), certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries, and a U.S. Supplemental Executive Defined Benefit Plan, was approximately 19.7 million. Pension income/expense is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions. Discount rate and expected return on assets are two assumptions which are important elements of pension plan expense and asset/liability measurement. We evaluate our discount rate and expected rate of return on assets assumptions annually on a plan and country specific basis. We evaluate other assumptions related to demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover periodically, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. In developing the expected return on U.S. Plan assets assumption, we evaluated input from our investment manager and pension consultants, including their forecast of asset class return expectations. We believe that 2.0 was an appropriate rate of return on assets to use for 2022. The December 31, 2022 asset allocation for our U.S. Plan was 94 invested in fixed income securities, 5 invested in equity securities, and 1 invested in other securities. Our investment manager regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances the portfolio to ensure alignment with our target allocations. We recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of plan assets in our operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. We calculate the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are generally measured annually as of December 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. The discount rate that we utilized for determining future pension obligations for the U.S. Plan is based on the FTSE Pension Index adjusted for the U.S. Plan s expected cash flows and was 4.95 at December 31, 2022, up from 2.65 at December 31, 2021. We estimate that in 2023, we will recognize approximately 0.4 million of pension expense for the U.S. Plan. The U.S. Plan pension expense estimate for 2023 is based on a 4.95 discount rate and a 4.75 return on assets. Future pension expense or income will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the employee population participating in our pension plans. As of December 31, 2022, our pension plans had no unrecognized pension prior service cost. The assets of the U.S. Plan consist substantially of fixed income securities. U.S. Plan assets have decreased from 149.6 million at December 31, 2021 to 111.8 million at December 31, 2022, while the U.S. Plan s liability decreased from 134.5 million at December 31, 2021 to 100.0 million at December 31, 2022. In 2022, the decrease in plan assets and plan liability was due to an increase in interest rates. In 2020, the accrued pension obligations for approximately 115 retiree participants were transferred to an insurance company and resulted in a 24.4 million reduction in the pension benefit obligation and pension assets. We recorded 2.2 million of pension actuarial loss and a settlement loss of 0.5 million related to the retiree group annuity transaction. Our funding policy is to make contributions to our pension plans in accordance with local laws and to the extent that such contributions are tax deductible. During 2022, we made contributions of 3.2 million to the U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan, and 0.9 million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

subsidiaries. In 2023, we expect to contribute approximately 3.1 million to the U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan. Contributions to be made in 2023 to certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries are based on local statutory requirements and are estimated at approximately 1.3 million. Equity Compensation Plans In addition to our 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan discussed in Note Q: Stock-Based Compensation in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we have a 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan (the 2006 Equity Plan under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The 2006 Equity Plan was initially approved by stockholders on May 25, 2006. At our annual meeting of stockholders held May 21, 2013, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 Equity Plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 10.0 million, for an aggregate of 32.0 million shares issuable thereunder, and our stockholders also approved an amendment to our 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 5.0 million, for an aggregate of 30.4 million shares issuable thereunder. At our annual meeting of stockholders held May 12, 2015, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 Equity Plan to extend its term until May 12, 2025. At our annual meeting of stockholders held May 7, 2021, our stockholders approved an amendment to our 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 3.0 million, for an aggregate of 33.4 million shares issuable thereunder. The following table presents information about these plans as of December 31, 2022 (share numbers in thousands): 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column one) 

Equity plans approved by shareholders 

1,505 
 (1) 

55.90 

8,954 
 (2) 

(1) 
 Includes 1,317,544 shares of restricted stock units that are not included in the calculation of the weighted average exercise price. 

(2) 
 Consists of 5,060,445 securities available for issuance under the 2006 Equity Plan and 3,893,933 of securities available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The purpose of the 2006 Equity Plan is to motivate employees, officers and directors by providing equity ownership and compensation opportunities in Teradyne. The aggregate number of shares available under the 2006 Equity Plan as of December 31, 2022 was 5,060,445 shares of our common stock. The 2006 Equity Plan authorizes the grant of stock-based awards in the form of (1) non-qualified and incentive stock options, (2) stock appreciation rights, (3) restricted stock awards and restricted stock unit awards, (4) phantom stock, and (5) other stock-based awards. Awards may be tied to time-based vesting schedules and/or performance-based vesting measured by reference to performance criteria chosen by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which administers the 2006 Equity Plan. Awards may be made to any employee, officer, consultant and advisor of Teradyne and our subsidiaries, as well as, to our directors. The maximum number of shares of stock-based awards that may be granted to one participant during any one fiscal year is 2,000,000 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units and options was 61.1 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.5 years. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph The following graph compares the change in our cumulative total shareholder return in our common stock with (i) the Standard Poor s 500 Index and (ii) the Morningstar Global Semiconductor Equipment Materials GR USD Industry Group. The comparison assumes 100.00 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. Historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no recently issued accounting pronouncements that had, or are expected to have, a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents, marketable securities, forward currency contracts and accounts receivable. Our cash equivalents consist primarily of money market funds invested in U.S. Treasuries and government agencies. Our fixed income available-for-sale marketable securities have a minimum rating of AA by one or more of the major credit rating agencies. We place forward currency contracts with high credit-quality financial institutions in order to minimize credit risk exposure. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of geographically dispersed customers. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial condition and from time to time may require customers to provide a letter of credit from a bank to secure accounts receivable. There were no customers who accounted for more than 10 of our accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In addition to market risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have an equity price risk related to the fair value of our convertible senior unsecured notes issued in December 2016. In December 2016, Teradyne issued 460 million aggregate principal amount of 1.25 convertible senior unsecured notes (the Notes due December 15, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, 50.2 million of principal remained outstanding and 
 43 

Table of Contents 

the Notes had a fair value of 139.0 million. The table below provides a sensitivity analysis of hypothetical 10 changes of Teradyne s stock price as of the end of the last quarter of 2022 and the estimated impact on the fair value of the Notes. The selected scenarios are not predictions of future events, but rather are intended to illustrate the effect such event may have on the fair value of the Notes. The fair value of the Notes is subject to equity price risk due to the convertible feature. The fair value of the Notes will generally increase as Teradyne s common stock price increases and will generally decrease as the common stock price declines in value. The change in stock price affects the fair value of the Notes, but does not impact Teradyne s financial position, cash flows or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. Additionally, we carry the Notes at face value less unamortized debt issuance costs on our balance sheet, and we present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only. In connection with the offering of the Notes we also sold warrants. The warrants will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share to the extent that the average market price of our common stock for a given reporting period exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. 

Hypothetical Change in Teradyne Stock Price 
 
 Fair Value 

Estimated change in fair value 

Hypothetical percentage increase (decrease) in fair value 

10 Increase 

152,962 

13,955 

10.0 

No Change 

139,007 

10 Decrease 

125,068 

(13,939) 

(10.0) 
 See Note J: Debt for further information. Exchange Rate Risk Management We regularly enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the value of our monetary assets and liabilities in Japanese Yen, British Pound, Korean Won, Taiwan Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Euro, Philippine Peso, Chinese Yuan, and Danish Krone. These foreign currency forward contracts have maturities of approximately one month. These contracts are used to minimize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations associated with the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. We do not engage in currency speculation. We performed a sensitivity analysis assuming a hypothetical 10 fluctuation in foreign exchange rates to the hedging contracts and the underlying exposures described above. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the analysis indicated that these hypothetical market movements would not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Interest Rate Risk Management We are exposed to potential losses due to changes in interest rates. Our interest rate exposure is primarily related to short-term and long-term marketable securities. In order to estimate the potential loss due to interest rate risk, a fluctuation in interest rates of 25 basis points was assumed. Market risk for the short and long-term marketable securities was estimated as the potential change in the fair value resulting from a hypothetical change in interest rates for securities contained in the investment portfolio. The potential change in the fair value from changes in interest rates is immaterial as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Item 8:

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the 
Board of Directors and Shareholders of Teradyne, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Teradyne, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, convertible common shares and shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15(c) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
 (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Changes in Accounting Principles 

 As discussed in Note B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for convertible debt in 2022. 
 Basis for Opinions 

 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Conversions of Senior Unsecured Notes 

As described in Notes B and J to the consolidated financial statements, during 2022, forty two holders of the Company s convertible senior unsecured notes, originally issued on December 12, 2016, converted 66.8 million of the senior unsecured notes. The Company may satisfy its conversion obligation by paying cash for the principal amount of the senior unsecured notes and paying or delivering cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at management s election for the amount in excess of principal. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the conversions of senior unsecured notes is a critical audit matter are (i) the high degree of audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s calculation of the conversion transactions and the related settlement calculations and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s review of conversion transactions related to the Company s senior unsecured notes, which included controls related to the conversion values and related settlement calculations. These procedures also included, among others, on a test basis (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the conversion 

46 

Table of Contents 
 and settlement accounting; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the conversion values; and (iii) recalculating the settlement amounts. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the conversion and settlement accounting. 

/s/ 

February 22, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1968. 

47 

Table of Contents 
 TERADYNE, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

(in thousands, except per

share amount)

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Marketable securities

Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively

Inventories, net

Prepayments

Other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net

Marketable securities

Deferred tax assets

Retirement plans assets

Other assets

Acquired intangible assets, net

Goodwill

Total assets

LIABILITIES

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued employees compensation and withholdings

Deferred revenue and customer advances

Other accrued liabilities

Operating lease liabilities

Income taxes payable

Current debt

Total current liabilities

Retirement plans liabilities

Long-term deferred revenue and customer advances

Deferred tax liabilities

Long-term other accrued liabilities

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Long-term income taxes payable

Debt

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note M)

Mezzanine equity:

Convertible common shares

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and 

 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

() 

() 
 
 Retained earnings

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities, convertible common shares and shareholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

48

Table of Contents 
 TERADYNE, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands, except per share amount)

Revenues:

Products

Services

Total revenues

Cost of revenues:

Cost of products

Cost of services

Total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired intangible assets amortization shown separately below)

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Selling and administrative

Engineering and development

Acquired intangible assets amortization

Restructuring and other

() 

Total operating expenses

Income from operations

Non-operating (income) expenses:

Interest income

() 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense

Other (income) expense, net

() 

Income before income taxes

Income tax provision

Net income

Net income per common share:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average common shares basic

Weighted average common shares diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

4 9

Table of Contents 
 TERADYNE, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Net income

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of , , , respectively

() 

() 

Available-for-sale marketable securities:

Unrealized (losses) gains on marketable securities arising during 

 period, net of tax of (), (), 
 , respectively

() 

() 

Less: Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax of , ), ), respectively

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flow hedges:

Unrealized losses arising during period, net of tax of ), , , respectively

() 

Defined benefit post-retirement plan:

Amortization of prior service credit, net of tax ), ), ), respectively

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income

() 

() 

Comprehensive income

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

5 0

Table of Contents 
 TERADYNE, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE COMMON SHARES 

AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Shareholders Equity

Convertible Common Shares Value

Common Stock Shares

Common Stock Par Value

Additional Paid-in Capital

Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income

(Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings

Total Shareholders Equity

(in thousands)

Year Ended December 31, 2019

() 

() 

Net issuance of common stock under stock-based plans

Stock-based compensation expense

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends per share)

() 

() 
 
 Convertible common shares

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Other comprehensive income

Year Ended December 31, 2020

Net issuance of common stock under stock-based plans

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends per share)

() 

() 
 
 Settlements of convertible notes

Exercise of convertible notes hedge call options

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Convertible common shares

() 

Net income

Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021

() 

Net issuance of common stock under stock-based plans

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends per share)

() 

() 
 
 Settlements of convertible notes

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of convertible notes hedge call options

() 

() 

Convertible common shares

() 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle related to convertible debt

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2022

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

5 1

Table of Contents 
 TERADYNE, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income from operations to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation

Stock-based compensation

Provision for excess and obsolete inventory

Amortization

Deferred taxes

() 

() 

() 
 
 Retirement plans actuarial (gains) losses

() 

() 

Losses (gains) on investments

() 

() 
 
 Gains on sale of asset

() 

Loss on convertible debt conversion

Contingent consideration fair value adjustment

() 

() 
 
 Other

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of businesses acquired:

Accounts receivable

() 

() 
 
 Inventories

() 

() 
 
 Prepayments and other assets

() 

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and other accrued expenses

() 

Deferred revenue and customer advances

() 

Retirement plan contributions

() 

() 

() 
 
 Income taxes

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of marketable securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities

Proceeds from sales of marketable securities

Proceeds from sale of asset

Purchase of investment and acquisition of business

() 

Proceeds from insurance

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities

() 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Payments of convertible debt principal

() 

() 

Dividend payments

() 

() 

() 
 
 Payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of common stock under stock purchase and stock option plans

Payments of contingent consideration

() 

Net cash used for financing activities

() 

() 

() 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

() 

() 
 
 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplementary disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid for:

Interest

Income taxes

Non-cash investing activities:

Capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid:

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

5 2

Table of Contents 
 TERADYNE, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

5 3

Table of Contents 
 
 -month warranty. This warranty is not considered a distinct performance 

5 4

Table of Contents 

Customer advances, undelivered elements and other

Extended warranty

Total deferred revenue and customer advances

Accruals for warranties issued during the period

Accruals related to pre-existing warranties

Settlements made during the period

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020

Accruals for warranties issued during the period

Accruals related to pre-existing warranties

() 
 
 Settlements made during the period

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

Accruals for warranties issued during the period

Accruals related to pre-existing warranties

() 
 
 Settlements made during the period

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

5 5

Table of Contents 

Deferral of new extended warranty revenue

Recognition of extended warranty deferred revenue

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020

Deferral of new extended warranty revenue

Recognition of extended warranty deferred revenue

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

Deferral of new extended warranty revenue

Recognition of extended warranty deferred revenue

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Factoring fees for the sales of receivables are recorded in interest expense and are not material. 

 5 6

Table of Contents 

Prepaid taxes

Prepaid maintenance and other services

Other prepayments

Total prepayments

5 7

Table of Contents 
 58

Table of Contents 
 years 
 
 Building improvements

to years 
 
 Leasehold improvements

Furniture and fixtures

years 
 
 Test systems manufactured internally

years 
 
 Machinery, equipment and software

to years Test systems manufactured internally are used by Teradyne for customer evaluations and manufacturing and support of its customers. Teradyne depreciates the test systems manufactured internally over a life to cost of revenues, engineering and development, and selling and administrative expenses. Teradyne often sells internally manufactured test equipment to customers. Upon the sale of an internally manufactured test system, the net book value of the system is transferred to inventory and expensed as cost of revenues. The net book value of internally manufactured test systems sold in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

 million to current debt for unsettled shares, an increase of million to deferred tax assets, an increase of million to long-term debt for unamortized debt discount, and an increase to retained earnings of million for the reclassification of the equity component. Mezzanine equity representing unsettled shares value was reduced to and additional paid-in capital was reduced by million. In accordance with ASU 2020-06, Teradyne accounts for a convertible debt instrument as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. Unsettled shares are recorded in current debt, and there is no recognition of a debt discount, which was previously amortized to interest expense. Settled shares reduce the outstanding debt balance in an amount equal to the cash paid, but do not result in any gain or loss on extinguishment. We use the if-converted method in the diluted EPS calculation for convertible instruments. 

 59

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

6 0

Table of Contents 
 million, ) million, and million, respectively. 

 These amounts do not reflect the corresponding (gains) losses from foreign exchange contracts. See Note H: Financial Instruments regarding foreign exchange contracts. 

 million in MachineMetrics, Inc. MachineMetrics ), a private company that develops and sells products to improve manufacturing performance through automated machine data collection, alerting, and analytics. Teradyne s investment in MachineMetrics aligns with its strategy of providing and investing in leading edge products for automating industrial production processes in growing markets. The investment was recorded at cost and is evaluated for impairment or an indication of changes in fair value resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer on a quarterly basis. At December 31, 2022, the value of the investment was million, and there was change during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

6 1

Table of Contents 

Over Time

Total

Geographical Market

Asia Pacific

Americas

Europe, Middle East and Africa

Total

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (1)

Timing of Revenue Recognition

Point in Time

Over Time

Total

Geographical Market

Asia Pacific

Americas

Europe, Middle East and Africa

Total

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 (1)

Timing of Revenue Recognition

Point in Time

() 

Over Time

Total

() 

Geographical Market

Asia Pacific

Americas

() 

Europe, Middle East and Africa

Total

() 

(1) 
 Includes million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for leases of Teradyne s systems recognized outside of ASC 606: Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 

6 2

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million, respectively, that was included within the deferred revenue and customer advances balances at the beginning of the period. This revenue primarily relates to undelivered hardware, extended warranties, training, application support, and post contract support. Each of these represents a distinct performance obligation. As of December 31, 2022, Teradyne ha d
 million of unsatisfied performance obligations. Teradyne expects to recognize of the remaining performance obligation in the next months and in - years. 

Work-in-process

Finished goods

Inventory reserves for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

Buildings

Machinery, equipment and software

Furniture and fixtures

Leasehold improvements

Construction in progress

Less: accumulated depreciation

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the gross book value included in machinery and equipment for internally manufactured test systems being leased by customers was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated depreciation on these test systems was million and million, respectively. 

6 3

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million, respectively. Realized losses recorded in 2022 and 2020 were million and million, respectively. realized losses were recorded in 2021. Realized gains and losses are included in other (income) expense, net. 

Unrealized gains on equity securities recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we

 re million ,
 
 million and million, respectively. Unrealized losses on equity securities recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 

 million ,
 
 million and million, respectively. Unrealized gains and losses on equity securities are included in other (income) expense, net. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the balance sheet.

6 4

Table of Contents 

Cash equivalents

Available for sale securities:

Corporate debt securities

U.S. Treasury securities

Commercial paper

Debt mutual funds

U.S. government agency securities

Certificates of deposit and time deposits

Non-U.S. government securities

Equity securities:

Mutual funds

Total

Derivative assets

Total

Liabilities

Derivative liabilities

Total

Reported as follows:

(Level 1)

(Level 2)

(Level 3)

Total

(in thousands)

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Marketable securities

Long-term marketable securities

Prepayments

Total

Liabilities

Other current liabilities

Total

6 5

Table of Contents 

Cash equivalents

Available for sale securities:

Commercial paper

U.S. Treasury securities

Corporate debt securities

Debt mutual funds

U.S. government agency securities

Certificates of deposit and time deposits

Non-U.S. government securities

Equity securities:

Mutual funds

Total

Derivative assets

Total

Liabilities

Derivative liabilities

Total

Reported as follows:

(Level 1)

(Level 2)

(Level 3)

Total

(in thousands)

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Marketable securities

Long-term marketable securities

Prepayments

Total

Liabilities

Other current liabilities

Total

6 6

Table of Contents 

Fair value adjustment (1)

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

Fair value adjustment

Balance at December 31, 2022

(1) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the fair value of contingent consideration for the earn-outs in connection with the acquisition of AutoGuide was reduced to zero, which resulted in a benefit of million, primarily due to a decrease in forecasted revenues and earnings before interest and taxes. 

 On March 25, 2022, the arbitration claim filed by Industrial Automation LLC, sellers of AutoGuide, against Teradyne alleging non-compliance with the earn-out provisions of the Membership Interests Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2019, among Industrial Automation LLC, Teradyne and AutoGuide was settled for million. As a result, Teradyne has no remaining earn-out obligations. 

Marketable securities

Der ivative ass ets 

Liabilities

Derivat ive liabil ities 

Convertible debt (1)

(1) 
 The carrying value represents the bifurcated debt component only, while the fair value is based on quoted market prices for the convertible note which includes the equity conversion features. 

 The fair values of accounts receivable, net and accounts payable approximate the carrying amount due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

6 7

Table of Contents 

() 

U.S. Treasury securities

() 

Commercial paper

Debt mutual funds

() 

U.S. government agency securities

() 

Certificates of deposit and time deposits

Non-U.S. government securities

() 

Reported as follows: 

Cost

Unrealized

 Gain

Unrealized

 (Loss)

Fair Market

 Value

Fair Market

 Value of Investments

 with Unrealized Losses

(in thousands)

Marketable securities

() 

Long-term marketable securities

() 

() 

December 31, 2021

Available-for-Sale

Cost

Unrealized

 Gain

Unrealized

 (Loss)

Fair Market

 Value

Fair Market

 Value of Investments

 with Unrealized Losses

(in thousands)

Commercial paper

() 

U.S. Treasury securities

() 

Corporate debt securities

() 

Debt mutual funds

U.S. government agency securities

() 

Certificates of deposit and time deposits

Non-U.S. government securities

() 

Reported as follows: 

Cost

Unrealized

 Gain

Unrealized

 (Loss)

Fair Market

 Value

Fair Market

 Value of Investments

 with Unrealized Losses

(in thousands)

Marketable securities

() 

Long-term marketable securities

() 

() 

million and million, respectively. 

68

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. 

 Teradyne reviews its investments to identify and evaluate investments that have an indication of possible impairment. Based on this review, Teradyne determined that the unrealized losses related to these investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were not other than temporary. 

Due after 1 year through 5 years

Due after 5 years through 10 years

Due after 10 years

Total

Contractual maturities of investments in available-for-sale marketable securities held at December 31, 2022 exclude debt mutual funds with the fair market value of million as they do not have a contractual maturity date. 

 Derivatives 

Teradyne conducts business in various foreign countries, with certain transactions denominated in local currencies. As a result, Teradyne is exposed to risks relating to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Teradyne s foreign currency risk management objective is to minimize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations associated with the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and changes in its cash inflows attributable to the forecasted cash flows from certain foreign currency denominated revenues. 

 To minimize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations associated with the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, Teradyne enters into foreign currency forward contracts. The change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded directly in earnings and is used to offset the change in value of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. 

 Teradyne also enters into foreign currency forward and option contracts designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the risk of changes in its cash inflows attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The cash flow hedges have maturities of less than six months and mature in the period of revenue recognition for certain products and services in backlog and forecasted to be recognized in a future period. Teradyne evaluates cash flow hedges for effectiveness at inception based on the critical terms match method. The hedges are not expected to incur any ineffectiveness however a quarterly qualitative assessment of effectiveness is done to determine if the critical terms match method remains appropriate to use. The change in fair value of the contracts is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings at maturity date. 

 Teradyne does not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 

69

Table of Contents 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Taiwan Dollar

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Korean Won

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 British Pound Sterling

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Euro

Singapore Dollar

Philippine Peso

Chinese Yuan

Total

() 

() 

The fair value of the outstanding contracts was a loss of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities are included in other (income) expense, net. 

Taiwan Dollar

() 

Total

() 

The fair value of the outstanding cash flow hedge contracts was a loss of million at December 31, 2022. 

 Unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency cash flow hedge contracts are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). At maturity the gains or losses associated with cash flow hedge contracts are recorded to revenue. 

7 0

Table of Contents 

Foreign exchange forward contracts

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:

Foreign exchange option contracts

Other current liabilities 

() 

Total derivatives

() 

() 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:

Foreign exchange option contracts

Revenue 

() 

Total derivatives

() 

The table does not reflect the corresponding gains and losses from the remeasurement of the monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, net losses (gains) from remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were million, ) million, and million, respectively. 

 See Note J: Debt regarding derivatives related to the convertible senior notes. 

 Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments which potentially subject Teradyne to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents, marketable securities, forward currency contracts and accounts receivable. Teradyne s cash equivalents consist primarily of money market funds invested in U.S. Treasuries and government agencies. Teradyne s fixed income available-for-sale marketable securities have a minimum rating of AA by one or more of the major credit rating agencies. Teradyne places foreign currency forward contracts with high credit-quality financial institutions in order to minimize credit risk exposure. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of geographically dispersed customers. Teradyne performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and from time to time may require customers to provide a letter of credit from a bank to secure accounts receivable. There were no customers who accounted for more than of our accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 
 2022 and 2021
 . 

7 1

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million respectively, and included million, million, and million, respectively, of variable lease costs and million, million, and million, respectively, of costs related to short-term leases, which are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 At December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases was years and , respectively. At December 31, 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases was years and , respectively. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less imputed interest

() 

Total lease liabilities

million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior unsecured notes (the Notes due and received net proceeds, after issuance costs, of approximately million, million of which was used to pay the net cost of the convertible note hedge transactions and million of which was used to repurchase million shares of Teradyne s common stock under its existing stock repurchase program from purchasers of the Notes in privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers or its affiliates conducted concurrently with the pricing of the Note offering. The Notes will mature on December 15, 2023, unless earlier repurchased or converted. The Notes bear interest at a rate of per year . The Notes will be convertible at the option of the noteholders at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 15, 2023, only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter beginning after (and only during such calendar quarter), if the closing sale price of Teradyne s common stock, for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately

7 2

Table of Contents 
 preceding calendar quarter is greater than of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 

(2) during the 
 business day period after any 
 consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per 
 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 
 of the product of the closing sale price of Teradyne s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; and 
(3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after 
 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Teradyne may satisfy its future conversion obligation by paying cash for the principal amount of the Notes and paying or delivering cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at Teradyne s election for the amount in excess of principal. On November 
4 , 
2021 , Teradyne made an irrevocable election under the Indenture to require the principal portion of the remaining Notes to be settled in cash. As of December 
31 , 
2022 , the conversion price was approximately 
 per share of Teradyne s common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances.

 million of debt principal. The conversion of the debt was settled in cash for principal amount and in shares for the excess of conversion value over principal amount. The million shares issued to the debt holders were received from exercising the convertible notes hedge call options. 

 During 2021, sixty -
four holders converted million resulting in a loss of million recorded to other (income) expense on the consolidated statement of operations. The amount of the loss was determined using the conversion value of the conversion transactions based on the fair value of debt immediately prior to conversion using an updated remaining expected life of the debt instrument and an updated borrowing rate for a similar debt instrument that does not have an associated convertible feature. 

 As of February 22, 2023, one hundred and twenty -
four holders had exercised the option to convert million worth of notes. 

 Concurrent with the offering of the Notes, Teradyne entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the Note Hedge Transactions with the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the Option Counterparties ). The Note Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of the common stock that underlie the Notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the Notes of . The Note Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately million shares of Teradyne s common stock. 

 Separately and concurrent with the pricing of the Notes, Teradyne entered into warrant transactions with the Option Counterparties (the Warrant Transactions in which it sold net-share-settled (or, at its election subject to certain conditions, cash-settled) warrants to the Option Counterparties. The Warrant Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately million shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the strike price of the warrants was approximately per share. The strike price is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. The Warrant Transactions could have a dilutive effect to Teradyne s common stock to the extent that the market price per share of Teradyne s common stock, as measured under the terms of the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. 

 The Note Hedge Transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution to Teradyne s common stock upon any conversion of the Notes. However, the Warrant Transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market value per share of Teradyne s common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrant. The net cost of the Note Hedge Transactions, after being partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of the warrants, was approximately million. 

 In connection with establishing their initial hedge of these convertible note hedge and warrant transactions, the Option Counterparties have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to Teradyne s common stock and/or purchased shares of Teradyne s common stock or other securities, including the Notes, concurrent 

7 3

Table of Contents 
 million of the million principal amount of the Notes to the equity component, which represented a discount to the debt and was amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method through December 2023. Effective January 1, 2022, Teradyne adopted ASC 2020-06 using the modified retrospective method of transition and accounts for the debt as a single liability measured at its amortized cost. As a result of the adoption, Teradyne recorded an increase of million to current debt for unsettled shares, an increase of million to deferred tax assets, an increase of million to long-term debt for unamortized debt discount, and an increase to retained earnings of million for the reclassification of the equity component. Mezzanine equity representing unsettled shares value was reduced to and additional paid-in capital was reduced by million. 

 Debt issuance fees of approximately million at December 31, 2022, are being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Notes. 

Unamortized debt issuance fees (1)

Net carrying amount of convertible debt

Reported as follows: 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

(in thousands)

Current debt

Long-term debt

Net carrying amount of convertible debt

For the Years Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

(in thousands)

Contractual interest expense on the coupon

Amortization of the issuance fees recognized as interest expense (2)

Total interest expense on the convertible debt

(1) 
 Unamortized debt issuance fees as of December 31, 2021 include unamortized debt discount of million, which was eliminated with the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022. 

(2) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 includes the amortization of debt discount component, which was eliminated with the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022. 

7 4

Table of Contents 
 per share and if converted the value of the notes was million. 

 Additional conversions of approximately million of debt principal will occur in the first quarter of 2023 and the liability is included in current debt. 

 Teradyne expects to make principal interest payments of million in the next 12 months. 

 Revolving Credit Facility 

On May 1, 2020, Teradyne entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with Truist Bank, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement provides for a , senior secured revolving credit facility of million (the Credit Facility ). 

 On December 10, 2021, the Credit Agreement was amended to extend maturity date of the Credit Facility to December 10, 2026. On October 5, 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended to increase the amount of the Credit Facility to million from million. 

 The Credit Agreement provides that, subject to customary conditions, Teradyne may seek to obtain from existing or new lenders the available incremental amount under the Credit Facility, not to exceed the greater of million or of consolidated EBIDTA. to per annum or SOFR plus a margin ranging from to per annum, based on the consolidated leverage ratio of Teradyne. In addition, Teradyne will pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitments under the Credit Facility ranging from to per annum, based on the then applicable consolidated leverage ratio. 

 Teradyne is not required to repay any loans under the Credit Facility prior to maturity, subject to certain customary exceptions. Teradyne is permitted to prepay all or any portion of the loans under the Credit Facility prior to maturity without premium or penalty, other than customary SOFR breakage costs. 

 The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit Teradyne s ability to sell assets, grant liens on assets, incur other secured indebtedness and make certain investments and restricted payments, all subject to exceptions set forth in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also requires Teradyne to satisfy two financial ratios measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter; a consolidated leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. 

 The Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of Teradyne s domestic subsidiaries and collateralized by assets of Teradyne and such subsidiaries, including a pledge of of the capital stock of certain foreign subsidiaries. 

 As of February 22, 2023, the Credit Agreement was undrawn and Teradyne was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 

7 5

Table of Contents 
 , , , ), respectively

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications, net of tax of , ), , , respectively

() 

() 

() 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax of , ), , ), respectively

() 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive loss, net of tax of , ), , ), respectively

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021, net of tax of , , , ), respectively

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications, net of tax of , ), ), , respectively

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 (loss),
 net of tax of , , , ), respectively

() 

Net current period other comprehensive loss, net of tax of , ), ), ), respectively

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022, net of tax of , ), ), ), respectively

() 

() 

() 

() 

7 6

Table of Contents), , , respectively

() 

Other (income) expense, net 

Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans:

Amortization of prior service benefit, net of tax of , , , respectively

(a) 

Total reclassifications, net of tax of ), , , respectively

() 

Net income 

(a) 
 The amortization of prior service credit is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost and postretirement benefit; see Note P: Retirement Plans. 

7 7

Table of Contents 
 impairment as a result of the annual test performed in the fourth quarter of 2022. Key assumptions in the goodwill valuation model are forecasted revenues, discount rate, earnings before interest and taxes, and revenue multiples from comparable companies. A change in any of these key assumptions could result in the reporting unit being impaired in a future period.

In the fourth quarter of 2021, Teradyne performed the annual goodwill impairment test, completing a quantitative assessment for the Wireless Test, and System Test reporting units and qualitative assessment for the 

 Robotics

 reporting unit. There was no impairment as a result of the annual test performed in the fourth quarter of 2021. Key assumptions in the goodwill valuation model are forecasted revenues, discount rate, earnings before interest and taxes, and revenue multiples from comparable companies. A change in any of these key assumptions could result in the reporting unit being impaired in a future period. 

Accumulated impairment losses

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021:

Goodwill

Accumulated impairment losses

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022:

Goodwill

Accumulated impairment losses

() 

() 

() 

() 

Intangible Assets 

Teradyne reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. 

 There were no events or circumstances indicating that the carrying value of intangible and long-lived assets may not be recoverable in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

7
8

Table of Contents 

() 

() 

Customer relationships

() 

Tradenames and trademarks

() 

() 

Total intangible assets

() 

() 

December 31, 2021

Gross

 Carrying

 Amount

Accumulated

 Amortization

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment

Net

 Carrying

 Amount

(in thousands)

Developed technology

() 

() 

Customer relationships

() 

Tradenames and trademarks

() 

() 

Total intangible assets

() 

() 

(1) 
 In 2022, million of amortizable intangible assets became fully amortized and have been eliminated from the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization. 

 Aggregate intangible assets amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

million, of which million is for less than one year. 

 Legal Claims 

Teradyne is subject to various legal proceedings and claims which have arisen in the ordinary course of business such as, but not limited to, patent, employment, commercial and environmental matters. Teradyne believes that it has meritorious defenses against all pending claims and intends to vigorously contest them. While 

79

Table of Contents 
 million, for the alleged breach of the earn-out provisions of the Purchase Agreement. On March 25, 2022, the arbitration claim was settled for million. As a result, Teradyne has no remaining earn-out obligations. 

 Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations 

Teradyne provides indemnification, to the extent permitted by law, to its officers, directors, employees and agents for liabilities arising from certain events or occurrences, while the officer, director, employee, or agent, is or was serving, at Teradyne s request in such capacity. Teradyne may enter into indemnification agreements with certain of its officers and directors. With respect to acquisitions, Teradyne provides indemnifications to or assumes indemnification obligations for the current and former directors, officers and employees of the acquired companies in accordance with the acquired companies by-laws and charter. As a matter of practice, Teradyne has maintained directors and officers liability insurance coverage including coverage for directors and officers of acquired companies. 

 Teradyne enters into agreements in the ordinary course of business with customers, resellers, distributors, integrators and suppliers. Most of these agreements require Teradyne to defend and/or indemnify the other party against intellectual property infringement claims brought by a third party with respect to Teradyne s products. From time to time, Teradyne also indemnifies customers and business partners for damages, losses and liabilities they may suffer or incur relating to personal injury, personal property damage, product liability, breach of confidentiality obligations and environmental claims relating to the use of Teradyne s products and services or resulting from the acts or omissions of Teradyne, its employees, authorized agents or subcontractors. On occasion, Teradyne has also provided guarantees to customers regarding the delivery and performance of its products in addition to the warranty described below. 

 As a matter of ordinary course of business, Teradyne warrants that its products will substantially perform in accordance with its standard published specifications in effect at the time of delivery. Most warranties have a one-year duration commencing from installation. A provision is recorded upon revenue recognition to cost of revenues for estimated warranty expense based upon historical experience. When Teradyne receives revenue for extended warranties beyond the standard duration, the revenue is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period. Related costs are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, Teradyne had a product warranty accrual of million and million, respectively, included in other accrued liabilities, and revenue deferrals related to extended warranties of million and million, respectively, included in short and long-term deferred revenue and customer advances. 

 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, Teradyne provides minimum purchase guarantees to certain vendors to ensure continuity of supply against the market demand. Although some of these guarantees provide penalties for cancellations and/or modifications to the purchase commitments as the market demand decreases, most of the guarantees do not. Therefore, as the market demand decreases, Teradyne re-evaluates these guarantees and determines what charges, if any, should be recorded. 

 With respect to its agreements covering product, business or entity divestitures and acquisitions, Teradyne provides certain representations, warranties and covenants to purchasers and agrees to indemnify and hold such purchasers harmless against breaches of such representations, warranties and covenants. Many of the 

8 0

Table of Contents 

Weighted average common shares-basic

Effect of dilutive potential common shares:

Convertible note hedge warrant shares (1)

Incremental shares from assumed conversion of convertible notes (2)

Restricted stock units

Stock options

Employee stock purchase rights

Dilutive potential common shares

Weighted average common shares-diluted

Net income per common share-basic

Net income per common share-diluted

(1) 
 Convertible notes hedge warrant shares were calculated using the difference between the average Teradyne stock price for the period and the warrant price, multiplied by the number of warrant shares. The result of this calculation, representing the total intrinsic value of the warrant, was divided by the average Teradyne stock price for the period. 

(2) 
 Incremental shares from the assumed conversion of the convertible notes was calculated using the difference between the average Teradyne stock price for the period and the conversion price, multiplied by the number of convertible notes shares. The result of this calculation, representing the total intrinsic value of the convertible debt, was divided by the average Teradyne stock price for the period. 

 The computation of diluted net income per common share for 2022 excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock options to purchase approximately million shares and restricted stock units to purchase approximately million shares because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

 The computation of diluted net income per common share for 2021 excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock options to purchase approximately million shares and restricted stock units to purchase approximately million shares because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

million related to the arbitration claim filed against Teradyne and AutoGuide related to an earn-out dispute, which was settled on March 25, 2022 for million, million of severance charges primarily in Robotics, and a charge of million for an increase in environmental and legal liabilities, partially offset by a million gain on sale of asset. 

8 1

Table of Contents 
 million related to the arbitration claim filed against Teradyne and AutoGuide related to an earn-out dispute, million of severance charges primarily in Robotics, million of acquisition related compensation and expenses and million for other expenses, offset by a million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the AutoGuide contingent consideration liability. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2020, Teradyne recorded a million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the AutoGuide contingent consideration liability, and a million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the MiR contingent consideration liability, partially offset by a charge of million for contract termination settlement, million of acquisition related compensation and expenses, million of severance charges primarily in Robotics, and million of other expenses. 

million across all pension plans from increases in discount rates, and approximately million gain from foreign exchange effects for foreign plans. In 2021, Teradyne s projected benefit obligations decreased primarily due to actuarial gains of approximately million across all pension plans from increases in discount rates, and approximately million gain from foreign exchange effects for foreign plans.

82 

Table of Contents 

Service cost

Interest cost

Actuarial (gain) loss

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Benefits paid

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Liability (gain) loss due to settlement

() 

Non-U.S. currency movement

() 

() 

End of year

Change in plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets:

Beginning of year

Actual return on plan assets

() 

() 

Company contributions

Benefits paid

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Non-U.S. currency movement

() 

End of year

Funded status

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued employees compensation and withholdings

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Retirement plans liabilities

() 

() 

() 

() 

Funded status

() 

() 

() 

() 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the United States defined benefit pension plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for foreign defined benefit pension plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accumulated benefit obligation

Fair value of plan assets

8 3

Table of Contents 

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net actuarial(gain) loss

() 

() 

() 

Settlement (gain) loss

() 

Total net periodic pension (income) cost

() 

() 

() 

Expected return on plan assets

Salary progression rate

Weighted Average Assumptions to Determine Pension Obligations at December 31: 

2022

2021

United States

Foreign

United States

Foreign

Discount rate

Salary progression rate

In developing the expected return on plan assets assumption, Teradyne evaluates input from its investment manager and pension consultants, including their forecast of asset class return expectations. Teradyne believes that was an appropriate rate to use for fiscal year 2022 for the U.S. Qualified Pension Plan U.S. Plan ). 

 Teradyne recognizes net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of the plan assets in its operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. Teradyne calculates the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. Actuarial gains and losses are generally measured annually as of December 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. 

 The discount rate utilized to determine future pension obligations for the U.S. Plan is based on FTSE Pension Index adjusted for the plan s expected cash flows and was at December 31, 2022, up from at December 31, 2021. 

 Plan Assets 

As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of Teradyne s pension plans assets totaled million, of which million was related to the U.S. Plan and million was related to the Taiwan defined benefit pension plan. Substantially all of Teradyne s pension plans assets are held in individual trusts, which were established for the investment of assets of Teradyne s sponsored retirement plans. 

8 4

Table of Contents 

Equity securities

Other

The assets of the U.S. Plan are overseen by the Teradyne Fiduciary Committee which is comprised of members of senior management drawn from appropriate diversified levels of the management team. The Fiduciary Committee is responsible for setting the policy that provides the framework for management of the U.S. Plan assets. In accordance with its responsibilities, the Fiduciary Committee meets on a regular basis to review the performance of the U.S. Plan assets and compliance with the investment policy. The policy sets forth an investment structure for managing U.S. Plan assets, including setting the asset allocation ranges, which are expected to provide an appropriate level of overall diversification required to maximize the long-term return on plan assets for a prudent and reasonable level of risk given prevailing market conditions, total investment return over the long term, and preservation of capital, while maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay the benefits of the U.S. Plan. The investment portfolio will not, at any time, have a direct investment in Teradyne stock. It may have indirect investment in Teradyne stock, if one of the funds selected by the investment manager invests in Teradyne stock. In developing the asset allocation ranges, third party asset allocation studies are periodically performed that consider the current and expected positions of the plan assets and funded status. Based on this study and other appropriate information, the Fiduciary Committee establishes asset allocation ranges taking into account acceptable risk targets and associated returns. The investment return objectives are to avoid excessive volatility and produce a rate of return that at least matches the Policy Index identified below. The manager s investment performance is reviewed at least annually. Results for the total portfolio and for each major category of assets are evaluated in comparison with appropriate market indices and the Policy Index. 

U.S. government fixed income

Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Long Government Bond Index 

Global equity

MSCI World Minimum Volatility Index 

High yield fixed income

Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield Index 

Cash

Citigroup Three Month U.S. Treasury Bill 
Index 

Teradyne s U.S. Plan invests primarily in common trust funds. Units held in the common trust funds are valued at the unit price as reported by the investment manager based on the asset value of the underlying investments; underlying investments in equity securities are valued at the last reported sales price, and underlying investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued using methods based upon market transactions for comparable securities. 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no transfers of pension assets in or out of Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. 

8 5

Table of Contents 

U.S. government securities

Global equity

Other

Cash and cash equivalents

Total

December 31, 2021

United States

Foreign

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

(in thousands)

Fixed income securities:

Corporate debt securities

U.S. government securities

Global equity

Other

Cash and cash equivalents

Total

Contributions 

Teradyne s funding policy is to make contributions to the plans in accordance with local laws and to the extent that such contributions are tax deductible. During 2022, Teradyne contributed million to the U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries. During 2021, Teradyne contributed million to the U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and million to certain qualified plans for non-U.S. subsidiaries. In 2023, contributions to the U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and certain qualified plans from non-U.S. subsidiaries will be approximately million and million, respectively. 

 Contributions to the U.S. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan and certain non-U.S. subsidiaries qualified plans will be approximately million and million, respectively, in 1 to 3 years, million and million, respectively, in 3 to 5 years and million and million, respectively, thereafter. 

8 6

Table of Contents 

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028-2031

Postretirement Benefit Plans 

In addition to receiving pension benefits, U.S. Teradyne employees who meet early retirement eligibility requirements as of their termination dates may participate in Teradyne s Welfare Plan, which includes medical and dental benefits up to age 65. Death benefits provide a fixed sum to retirees survivors and are available to all retirees. Substantially all of Teradyne s current U.S. employees could become eligible for these benefits, and the existing benefit obligation relates primarily to those employees. 

Service cost

Interest cost

Actuarial gain

() 

() 
 
 Benefits paid

() 

() 

End of year

Change in plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets:

Beginning of year

Company contributions

Benefits paid

() 

() 

End of year

Funded status

() 

() 

() 
 
 Retirement plans liability

() 

() 

Funded status

() 

() 

8 7

Table of Contents 

() 
 
 Deferred taxes

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

() 

() 

Expense 

Interest cost

Amortization of prior service credit

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net actuarial (gain) loss

() 

() 

Total net periodic postretirement benefit (income) cost

() 

() 

Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income:

Reversal of amortization items:

Prior service credit

Total recognized in other comprehensive income

Total recognized in net periodic postretirement (income) cost and other comprehensive income

() 

() 

Initial health care cost trend rate

Ultimate health care cost trend rate

Year in which ultimate health care cost trend rate is reached

Weighted Average Assumptions to Determine Postretirement Benefit Obligation as of December 31: 

2022

2021

2020

Discount rate

Initial medical trend

Ultimate health care trend

Medical cost trend rate decrease to ultimate rate in year

88

Table of Contents 
 million in 2023, million in 1 to 3 years, million in 3 to 5 years and million, thereafter. 

 Expected Future Benefit Payments 

2023

2024

2025

2027

2028-2031

. Restricted stock unit awards granted to non-employee directors vest after a period, with of the award vesting on the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the grant date or (b) the date of the following year s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Teradyne expenses the cost of the restricted stock unit awards subject to time-based vesting, which is determined to be the fair market value of the shares at the date of grant, ratably over the period during which the restrictions lapse. 

 Performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs granted to Teradyne s executive officers may have a performance metric based on relative total shareholder return TSR ). Teradyne s TSR performance is measured against the New York Stock Exchange NYSE Composite Index. The final number of TSR PRSUs that vest will vary based upon the level of performance achieved from to of the target shares. The TSR PRSUs will vest upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date. The TSR PRSUs are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The number of units expected to be earned, based upon the achievement of the TSR market condition, is factored into the grant date Monte Carlo valuation. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the three-year service period or the period from the grant to the date described in the retirement provisions below. Compensation expense for executive officers meeting the retirement provisions prior to the grant date is recognized during the year following the grant. Compensation expense is recognized regardless of the eventual number of units that are earned based upon the market condition, provided the executive officer remains an employee at the end of the period. Compensation expense is reversed if at any time during the three-year service period the executive officer is no longer an employee, subject to the retirement and termination eligibility provisions noted below. 

 PRSUs granted to Teradyne s executive officers may also have a performance metric based on three-year cumulative non-GAAP profit before interest and tax PBIT as a percent of Teradyne s revenue. Non-GAAP PBIT is a financial measure equal to GAAP income from operations less restructuring and other, net; amortization of acquired intangible assets; acquisition and divestiture related charges or credits; pension actuarial gains and losses; non-cash convertible debt interest expense; and other non-recurring gains and charges. The final 

8
9

Table of Contents 
 to of the target shares. The PBIT PRSUs will vest upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the three-year service period or the period from the grant date to the date described in the retirement provisions below. Compensation expense for executive officers meeting the retirement provisions prior to the grant date is recognized during the year following the grant. Compensation expense is recognized based on the number of units that are earned based upon the three-year Teradyne PBIT as a percent of Teradyne s revenue, provided the executive officer remains an employee at the end of the three-year period subject to the retirement and termination eligibility provisions noted below. 

 If a PRSU recipient s employment ends prior to the determination of the performance percentage due to (1) permanent disability or death or (2) retirement or termination other than for cause, after attaining both at least age sixty and at least of service, then all or a portion of the recipient s PRSUs (based on the actual performance percentage achieved on the determination date) will vest on the date the performance percentage is determined. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, no PRSUs will vest if the executive officer is no longer an employee at the end of the period. Stock options to purchase Teradyne s common stock at of the fair market value 
on the grant date vest in equal annual installments over from the grant date and have a maximum term of . 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Teradyne granted million, million and million of service-based restricted stock unit awards to employees at a weighted average grant date fair value of , , and , respectively. 

 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, Teradyne granted million of service-based restricted stock unit awards to non-employee directors at a weighted average grant date fair value of , , and , respectively. 

 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, Teradyne granted million of PBIT PRSUs with a grant date fair value of , 113.65 and 70.94, respectively. 

 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Teradyne granted million TSR PRSUs, with a grant date fair value of , 125.02, and , respectively. 

Teradyne volatility-historical

NYSE Composite Index volatility-historical

Dividend yield

Expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of Teradyne s stock and the NYSE Composite Index for each of the 2022, 2021 and 2020 grants over the most recent three-year period. The risk-free interest rate was determined using the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of each of the grants. Dividend yield was based upon an estimated annual dividend amount of per share for 2022, per share for 2021, and per share for 2020, divided by Teradyne s stock price on the grant date of for the 2022 grants, for the 2021 grants, and for the 2020 grants. 

 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Teradyne granted million of service-based stock options to executive officers at a weighted average grant date fair value of , , and , respectively. 

9 0

Table of Contents 

Risk-free interest rate

Volatility-historical

Dividend yield

Teradyne determined the stock options expected life based upon historical exercise data for executive officers, the age of the executive officers and the terms of the stock option grant. Volatility was determined using historical volatility for a period equal to the expected life. The risk-free interest rate was determined using the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Dividend yield was based upon an estimated annual dividend amount of per share divided by Teradyne s stock on the grant date of for the 2022 grant, per share divided by Teradyne s stock price on the grant date of for the 2021 grants, and for the 2020 grants. 

Awarded

Vested

() 

() 

() 
 
 Forfeited

() 

() 

() 

Non-vested at December 31

Stock Options:

Outstanding at January 1

Granted

Exercised

() 

() 

() 
 
 Forfeited

() 

Expired

Outstanding at December 31

Vested and expected to vest at December 31

Exercisable at December 31

Options granted

() 

() 

() 
 
 Options forfeited

Restricted stock units awarded

() 

() 

() 
 
 Restricted stock units forfeited

Available for grant at December 31

9 1

Table of Contents 

Awarded

Vested

Forfeited

Non-vested at December 31

Outstanding

Expected to vest

Expected to vest

Options granted

Options exercised

Options forfeited

Options cancelled

Outstanding at December 31

Exercisable at December 31

The total cash received from employees as a result of employee stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. In connection with these exercises, the tax benefit realized by Teradyne for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Outstanding

E
xpected to vest

Vested and exercisable 

9 2

Table of Contents 

E
 xpected to vest

Vested and exercisable 

As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized expense related to non-vested restricted stock unit awards and stock options was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, Teradyne recognized a discrete tax benefit of million, million and million, respectively, related to net excess tax benefit. 

 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Under the ESPP, eligible employees may purchase shares of common stock through regular payroll deductions of up to of their compensation, to a maximum of shares with a fair market value of per calendar year, not to exceed shares. Under the plan, the price paid for the common stock is equal to of the stock price on the last business day of the six-month purchase period. 

 In July 2022, million shares of common stock were issued to employees who participated in the plan during the first half of 2022 at the price of per share. In January 2023, Teradyne issued million shares of common stock to employees who participated in the plan during the second half of 2022 at the price of per share. 

 In July 2021, million shares of common stock were issued to employees who participated in the plan during the first half of 2021 at the price of per share. In January 2022, Teradyne issued million shares of common stock to employees who participated in the plan during the second half of 2021 at the price of per share. 

 In July 2020, million shares of common stock were issued to employees who participated in the plan during the first half of 2020 at the price of per share. In January 2021, Teradyne issued million shares of common stock to employees who participated in the plan during the second half of 2020 at the price of per share. 

 As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for grant under the ESPP. 

Engineering and development

Selling and administrative

Stock-based compensation

Income tax benefit

() 

() 

() 

Total stock-based compensation expense after income taxes

9 3

Table of Contents 
 of their compensation (subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations). The Savings Plan provides for a discretionary employer match that is determined each year. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, Teradyne matched of eligible employee contributions up to of their compensation for employees not accruing benefits in the U.S. Qualified Pension Plan. There was no match for employees still actively accruing benefits in the U.S. Qualified Pension Plan. Teradyne s contributions vest per year for the first of employment, and contributions for those employees with four years of service vest immediately. 

 In addition, Teradyne sponsors an unfunded U.S. Supplemental Savings Plan to provide savings benefits in excess of those allowed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code. The provisions of this plan are the same as the Savings Plan. The liability for the U.S. Supplemental Savings Plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively, and is included in retirement plan liabilities. Teradyne contributes to defined contributions savings plans for its foreign employees. Under Teradyne s savings plans, amounts charged to the statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 

Non-U.S.

Provision (benefit) for income taxes:

Current:

U.S. Federal

Non-U.S.

State

() 

Deferred:

U.S. Federal

() 

() 

() 
 
 Non-U.S.

() 

() 
 
 State

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total provision for income taxes:

Income tax expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, million, and million, respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

 At December 31, 2022, Teradyne s remaining tax liability resulting from the U.S. one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings amounts to million. Teradyne will pay approximately million related to the transition tax in 2023, million in 1 to 3 years, and million in 3 to 5 years.

94 

Table of Contents 
 
 million of tax expense and million of tax benefit in 2020 and 2021, respectively, related to the inclusion of stock-based compensation in its intercompany cost-sharing arrangement. 

The increase in the effective tax rate from 2021 to 2022 is primarily attributable to a shift in the geographic distribution of income, which increased the income subject to taxation in higher tax rate jurisdictions relative to lower tax rate jurisdictions, increases in expense from U.S. global low-taxed income and increases in expense from non-deductible officer compensation. These increases in expense were partially offset by increases in benefits from the U.S. foreign derived intangible income deduction and tax credits.

The decrease in the effective tax rate from 2020 to 2021 is primarily attributable to a decrease in the expense from U.S. global low-taxed income partially offset by a decrease in the benefit from foreign tax credits and a shift in the geographic distribution of income, which increased the income subject to taxation in higher tax rate jurisdictions relative to lower tax rate jurisdictions. 

Non-deductible officers compensation

U.S. global intangible low-taxed income

U.S. foreign derived intangible income

() 

() 

() 
 
 Foreign taxes

() 

() 

() 
 
 U.S. research and development credit

() 

() 

() 
 
 Equity compensation

() 

() 

() 
 
 Foreign tax credits

() 

() 

() 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit

() 

Other, net

() 

Teradyne qualifies for a tax holiday in Singapore by fulfilling the requirements of an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development Board under which certain headcount and spending requirements must be met. The tax savings attributable to the Singapore tax holiday for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million or per diluted share, million or per diluted share, and million or per diluted share, respectively. In November 2020, Teradyne entered into an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development Board which extended our Singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on December 31, 2020. The new tax holiday is scheduled to expire on .

95 

Table of Contents 

Research and development

Accruals

Inventory valuations

Pension liabilities

Lease liability

Deferred revenue

Equity compensation

Vacation accrual

Investment impairment

Marketable securities

Net operating loss carryforwards

Intangible assets

Other

Gross deferred tax assets

Less: valuation allowance

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Depreciation

() 

() 
 
 Right-of-use assets

() 

() 
 
 Contingent consideration

() 

() 
 
 Intangible assets

() 
 
 Marketable securities

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities

() 

() 

Net deferred assets

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Teradyne evaluated the likelihood that it would realize deferred income taxes to offset future taxable income and concluded that it is more likely than not that a substantial majority of its deferred tax assets will be realized through consideration of both the positive and negative evidence. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Teradyne maintained a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets of million and million, respectively, primarily related to state net operating losses and state tax credit carryforwards, due to the uncertainty regarding their realization. Adjustments could be required in the future if Teradyne estimates that the amount of deferred tax assets to be realized is more or less than the net amount recorded.

96 

Table of Contents 

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028-2032

2033-2037

Beyond 2037

Non-expiring

Total

Teradyne has approximately million of tax credit carryforwards including federal business tax credits of approximately million which expire in through 2032, and state tax credits of million, of which million do not expire and the remainder expires in the years through . 

Additions:

Tax positions for current year

Tax positions for prior years

Reductions:

Tax positions for prior years

() 

() 

() 
 
 Expiration of statutes

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance as of December 31

Current year additions and prior year reductions relate to federal and state research credits. Prior year reductions and expirations of statute relate to foreign net operating loss carryforwards. 

 Of the million of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, million would impact the consolidated income tax rate if ultimately recognized. The remaining million would impact deferred taxes if recognized. 

 As of December 31, 2022, Teradyne does not anticipate a material change in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months. 

 Teradyne records all interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax items at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, expense of million, benefit of million, and expense of million, respectively, was recorded for interest and penalties related to income tax items.

97 

Table of Contents 

reportable segments (Semiconductor Test, System Test, Wireless Test and Robotics). Each of the reportable segments represents an individual operating segment. On September 15, 2020, Teradyne announced the appointment of Gregory Smith as President of Robotics reportable segment effective October 1, 2020. With the appointment of the President of Robotics, the Robotics reportable segment is considered one operating segment and one reporting unit. The Semiconductor Test segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of semiconductor test products and services. The System Test segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of products and services for storage and system level test, defense/aerospace instrumentation test, and circuit-board test. The Wireless Test segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of wireless test products and services. The Robotics segment includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of collaborative robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots and advanced robotic control software. Each operating segment has a segment manager who is accountable to and maintains regular contract with Teradyne s chief operating decision maker (Teradyne s chief executive officer) to discuss operating activities, financial results, forecasts, and plans for the segment. 

Teradyne evaluates performance based on several factors, of which the primary financial measure is business segment income (loss) before income taxes. The accounting policies of the business segments are the same as those described in Note B: Accounting Policies. 

98 

Table of Contents 

Income (loss) before taxes (1)(2)

() 

() 

Total assets (3)

Property additions

Depreciation and amortization expense

2021

Revenues

Income (loss) before taxes (1)(2)

() 

() 

Total assets (3)

Property additions

Depreciation and amortization expense

2020

Revenues

() 

Income (loss) before taxes (1)(2)

() 

() 

Total assets (3)

Property additions

Depreciation and amortization expense

(1) 
 Included in Corporate and Eliminations are interest income, interest expense, net foreign exchange gains (losses), intercompany eliminations, pension and postretirement plan actuarial gains (losses), legal and environmental fees, contingent consideration adjustments, acquisition related charges and compensation and loss on convertible debt conversions in 2021. 

(2) 
 Included in income (loss) before taxes are charges and credits related to restructuring and other, inventory charges and loss on convertible debt conversions in 2021. 

(3) 
 Total assets are attributable to each segment. Corporate assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and certain other assets. 

99

Table of Contents 

Contract termination settlement fee

System Test:

Cost of revenues inventory charge

Robotics:

Cost of revenues inventory charge

Restructuring and other employee severance

Restructuring and other acquisition related expenses and compensation

Wireless Test:

Cost of revenues inventory charge

Corporate and Eliminations:

Restructuring and other legal settlement charge

Restructuring and other environmental and legal liabilities

Restructuring and other gain on sale of asset

() 

Other (income) expense, net loss on convertible debt conversion

Restructuring and other AutoGuide contingent consideration adjustment

() 

() 
 
 Restructuring and other MiR contingent consideration adjustment

() 
 
 Restructuring and other acquisition related expenses and compensation

() 

Selling and administrative equity modification charge

Korea

China

United States

Europe

Japan

Malaysia

Thailand

Philippines

Singapore

Rest of the World

(1) 
 Revenues attributable to a country are based on location of customer site. 

In 2021 and 2020, revenues from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd., a customer of Teradyne s Semiconductor Test segment, accounted for 

and , 
 respectively, of Teradyne s consolidated revenues. Teradyne estimates consolidated revenues driven by Qualcomm, a customer of our Semiconductor Test, System Test, and Wireless Test segments, combining direct and indirect sales, accounted for approximately of its consolidated revenues in 2022 and less than in 2021 and 2020. Teradyne estimates consolidated revenues driven by one OEM customer, of our Semiconductor Test and Wireless Test segments, combining

10 0

Table of Contents 
 direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer s OSATs (which include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.), accounted for less than of its consolidated revenues in 2022, and and in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Long-lived assets by geographic area:

December 31, 2021

U.

STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM 

billion of common stock. In 2022, Teradyne repurchased million shares of common stock for million at an average price of per share. In 2021, Teradyne repurchased million shares of common stock for million at an average price of per share. The cumulative repurchases under this repurchase program as of December 31, 2022 were million shares of common stock for million at an average price per share of . 

 In January 2023, Teradyne s Board of Directors cancelled the January 2021 repurchase program and approved a new repurchase program for up to billion of common stock. Teradyne intends to repurchase up to 
 million of its common stock in 2023 based on market conditions.

The total price includes commissions and is recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. 

per share to be paid on to shareholders of record as of . While Teradyne declared a quarterly cash dividend and authorized a share repurchase program, it may reduce or eliminate the cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. Future cash dividends and stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of Teradyne s Board of Directors which will consider, among other things, Teradyne s earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. 

 Mark E. Jagiela retired as Chief Executive Officer of Teradyne and as a member of Teradyne s Board of Directors effective February 1, 2023. In connection with his retirement, Teradyne entered into an agreement on January 31, 2023 with Mr. Jagiela (the Retirement Agreement ). Under the Retirement Agreement, Mr. Jagiela s unvested service based restricted stock units and stock options granted prior to his Retirement Date will continue to vest in accordance with their terms through February 1, 2026; and any vested options or options that vest during that period may be exercised for the remainder of the applicable option term. In the Retirement Agreement, Mr. Jagiela agreed to be bound by non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions through February 1, 2026. The Retirement Agreement also includes additional, standard terms and conditions relating to Mr. Jagiela s separation from Teradyne. Teradyne will record a stock-based compensation expense of approximately million in the first quarter of 2023 related to the Retirement Agreement. 

101 

Table of Contents 

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 

(Unaudited) 

Item 9:

Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure

None. 

Item 9A:

Controls and procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including ensuring that such material information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework

 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included under Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Item 9B:

Other Information

None. 

Item 9C:

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable. 

102 

Table of Contents 
 PART III 

Item 10:

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, committee information, reports and charters, executive compensation, security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, and certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 12, 2023. The proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Compensation Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein. Also see Item 1: Business Our Executive Officers. 

Item 11:

Executive Compensation

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, executive compensation, security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, and certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 12, 2023. The proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Compensation Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein. 

Item 12:

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, executive compensation, security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, and certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 12, 2023. The proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Compensation Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein. Also see Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Equity Compensation Plans. 

Item 13:

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Certain information relating to our directors and executive officers, executive compensation, security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, and certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 12, 2023. The proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Compensation Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein. 

Item 14:

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Certain information relating to audit fees and other of Teradyne s independent registered public accounting firm is incorporated by reference herein from our definitive proxy statement in connection with our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 12, 2023. The proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year. For this purpose, the Audit Committee Report included in such proxy statement is specifically not incorporated herein. 

103 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV 

Item 15:

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule

. 

15(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8: 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, PCAOB ID No 

45 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 

48 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

49 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

50 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Common Shares and Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

51 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

52 
 
 15(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule 

The following consolidated financial statement schedule is included in Item 15(c): 

 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 Schedules other than those listed above have been omitted since they are either not required or information is otherwise included. 

 15(a)(3) Listing of Exhibits 

The Exhibits which are filed with this report or which are incorporated by reference herein are set forth in the Exhibit Index. 

 15(c) Financial Statement Schedules 

104 

Table of Contents 

() 

2021 Allowance for doubtful account

() 

2020 Allowance for doubtful account

Column A

Column B

Column C

Column D

Column E

Column F

Description

Balance at

 Beginning of Period

Additions

 Charged to

 Cost and Expenses

Other

Deductions

Balance at

 End of Period

(in thousands)

Valuation reserve deducted in the balance sheet from the asset to which it applies:

Inventory:

2022 Inventory reserve

2021 Inventory reserve

2020 Inventory reserve

() 

Column A

Column B

Column C

Column D

Column E

Column F

Description

Balance at

 Beginning of Period

Additions

 Charged to

 Cost and Expenses

Other

Deductions

Balance at

 End of Period

(in thousands)

Valuation reserve deducted in the balance sheet from the asset to which it applies:

Deferred taxes:

2022 Valuation allowance

2021 Valuation allowance

2020 Valuation allowance

Item 16:

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable. 

105 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX The following designated exhibits are, as indicated below, either filed herewith or have heretofore been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are referred to and incorporated by reference to such filings. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 SEC Document Reference 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Organization. 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws, as amended. 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022. 

4.1 
 
 Indenture dated as of December 12, 2016, between Teradyne, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2016. 

4.2 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2021 between Teradyne, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2021. 

4.3 
 
 Description of Teradyne, Inc. Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.1 
 
 Standard Manufacturing Agreement entered into as of November 24, 2003 by and between Teradyne and Solectron. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. 

10.2 
 
 Second Amendment to Standard Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2007, by and between Teradyne and Solectron. 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. 

10.3 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Standard Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2009, by and between Teradyne and Flextronics Corporation. 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. 

10.4 
 
 Addendum to Standard Manufacturing Agreement (Authorized Purchase Agreement) Revised July 1, 2010. 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010. 

10.5 
 
 Eighth Amendment to Standard Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2012, by and between Teradyne and Flextronics Sales Marketing North Asia (L) LTD. 
 
 Exhibit 10.7 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 

10.6 
 
 Ninth Amendment to Standard Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2012, by and between Teradyne and Flextronics Sales Marketing North Asia (L) LTD. 
 
 Exhibit 10.8 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 

10.7 
 
 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021. 

10.8 
 
 Danish Sub-Plan to the 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan. 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 SEC Document Reference 

10.9 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Executive Officers under 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan. 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

10.10 
 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Executive Officers under 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan. 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Executive Officer Stock Option Agreement under 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Directors under 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan. 
 
 Exhibit 10.12 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. 

10.13 
 
 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.14 
 
 Danish Sub-Plan to the 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Exhibit 10.15 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 

10.15 
 
 Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3, 2021. 

10.16 
 
 Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended and restated. 
 
 Exhibit 10.18 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. 

10.17 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as restated. 
 
 Exhibit 10.19 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. 

10.18 
 
 Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits dated January 31, 2023 between Teradyne and Gregory S. Smith. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement dated May 7, 2004 between Teradyne and Mark Jagiela. 
 
 Exhibit 10.37 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4, 2004. 

10.20 
 
 Executive Officer Retirement Agreement dated July 17, 2019 between Teradyne and Gregory R. Beecher. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. 

10.21 
 
 Executive Officer Agreement dated January 31, 2023 between Teradyne and Mark Jagiela. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.22 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement dated May 26, 2009 between Teradyne and Charles J. Gray, as amended. 
 
 Exhibit 10.30 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 

10.23 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 24, 2009 between Teradyne and Charles J. Gray. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2010. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 SEC Document Reference 

10.24 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement dated June 30, 2012 between Teradyne and Walter G. Vahey, as amended. 
 
 Exhibit 10.32 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 

10.25 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 6, 2013 between Teradyne and Walter G. Vahey. 
 
 Exhibit 10.33 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 

10.26 
 
 Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement dated September 1, 2014 between Teradyne, Inc. and Bradford Robbins. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2014. 

10.27 
 
 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2014 between Teradyne, Inc. and Bradford Robbins. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2014. 

10.28 
 
 Executive Change in Control Agreement dated February 8, 2016 between Teradyne, Inc. and Gregory S. Smith. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2016. 

10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 8, 2016 between Teradyne, Inc. and Gregory S. Smith. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2016. 

10.30 
 
 Teradyne Offer of Employment dated February 8, 2019 for Sanjay Mehta. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 

10.31 
 
 Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement dated April 25, 2019 between Teradyne, Inc. and Sanjay Mehta. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 

10.32 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 25, 2019 between Teradyne, Inc. and Sanjay Mehta. 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 

10.33 
 
 Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits dated April 25, 2019 between Teradyne, Inc. and Sanjay Mehta. 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 

10.34 
 
 Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement dated October 1, 2020 between Teradyne, Inc. and Richard Burns. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2020. 

10.35 
 
 Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2020 between Teradyne, Inc. and Richard Burns. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2020. 

10.36 
 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated May 1, 2019 for Sanjay Mehta under 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Plan. 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 

10.37 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 Exhibit 10.24 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006. 

10.38 
 
 LitePoint Corporation 2002 Stock Plan. 
 
 Exhibit 10.43 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 SEC Document Reference 

10.39 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016, between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne, Inc., regarding the Base Warrants. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.40 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016, between Bank of America, N.A., and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Base Warrants. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.41 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016, between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Base Warrants. 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.42 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016, between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Base Call Option Transaction. 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.43 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016, between Bank of America, N.A. and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Base Call Option Transaction. 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.44 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 6, 2016, between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Base Call Option Transaction. 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.45 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016, between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne, Inc., regarding the Additional Warrants 
 
 Exhibit 10.7 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.46 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016, between Bank of America, N.A., and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Additional Warrants. 
 
 Exhibit 10.8 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.47 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016, between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Additional Warrants. 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.48 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016, between Barclays Bank PLC and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Additional Call Option Transaction. 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.49 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016, between Bank of America, N.A. and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Additional Call Option Transaction 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.50 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2016, between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Teradyne, Inc. regarding the Additional Call Option Transaction. 
 
 Exhibit 10.12 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2016. 

10.51 
 
 Credit Agreement dated May 1, 2020 among Teradyne, Inc., Truist Bank, as the administrative agent, issuing bank and swingline lender, and other lenders party thereto. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 5, 2020. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 SEC Document Reference 

10.52 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated December 10, 2021 among Teradyne, Inc., Truist Bank, as the administrative agent, issuing bank and swingline lender, and other lenders party thereto. 
 
 Exhibit 10.52 to Teradyne s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

10.53 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October 5, 2022 among Teradyne, Inc., Truist Bank, as the administrative agent, issuing bank and swingline lender, and other lenders party thereto. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Teradyne s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 2, 2022. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Teradyne. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

101 
 
 The following financial information from Teradyne, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 The cover page of the Annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 

-Confidential treatment granted. 

-Management contract or compensatory plan. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized this 22nd day of February 2023. 

T ERADYNE , I NC . 

By: 
 
 / S / S ANJAY M EHTA 

Sanjay Mehta, 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/S/ P AUL J. T UFANO Paul J. Tufano 
 
 Chair of the Board 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ GREGORY SMITH Gregory Smith 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ S ANJAY M EHTA Sanjay Mehta 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ E DWIN J. G ILLIS Edwin J. Gillis 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ T IMOTHY E. G UERTIN Timothy E. Guertin 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ P ETER H ERWECK Peter Herweck 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ M ERCEDES J OHNSON Mercedes Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ ERNEST E. MADDOCK Ernest E. Maddock 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ M ARILYN M ATZ Marilyn Matz 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/S/ Fouad Tamer Fouad Tamer 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 111 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 d414778dex43.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4.3 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK As of
December 31, 2022, Teradyne, Inc. Teradyne or the Company has its common stock as the only class of securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The following is a description of the material terms and provisions of the Company s common stock and may not contain all the information that is
important to you. Please refer to the Company s Restated Articles of Organization (the Articles of Organization and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws for complete information. 
 Under the Company s Articles of Organization, it has authority to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.125 per share. As of
December 31, 2022, there were 162,385,302 shares of common stock outstanding. Common Stock 
 Holders of Teradyne common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Since holders of Teradyne
common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, the holders of more than 50 of Teradyne common stock can elect all the directors if they so choose. Holders of Teradyne common stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends, if any, as may be
declared by the Teradyne board of directors out of funds legally available for payment of dividends. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Teradyne, holders of Teradyne common stock are entitled to receive ratably the net assets of
Teradyne available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities of Teradyne. Holders of Teradyne common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights, nor are they entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund. The
outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The transfer agent and registrar for the
common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., P.O. Box 1342, Brentwood, NY 11717. The common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol TER. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Massachusetts Law and Provisions of our Charter Documents 
 Certain provisions in the Massachusetts General Laws, the Articles of Organization and the Bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a
change in control of Teradyne, including: Special Meetings of Stockholders . Special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the Chief
Executive Officer, the President, by the directors or by the Secretary, or in case of the death, absence, incapacity or refusal of the Secretary, by any other officer, upon written application of one or more stockholders who hold at least a majority
of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote at such a meeting (or such lesser percentage in interest as shall be the maximum percentage permitted under Massachusetts law). 
 Advance Notice Procedures. The Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of the
Company s stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to the board of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the written notice of meeting or brought before
the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President or by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has
given our Secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of the stockholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting, or pursuant to the proxy access nomination procedures in the Bylaws. 
 Proxy Access Nominations. Under the Bylaws, the Company will include in its proxy statement for an annual meeting the name, together with certain other
required information, of any person nominated for the election of to the board of directors in compliance with specified provisions in the Bylaws by a single 

stockholder that satisfies (or by a group of no more than 20 stockholders that satisfy) various notice and other requirements specified in the Bylaws. Among other requirements in the Bylaws, such
stockholder or group of stockholders would need to provide evidence verifying that the stockholder or group owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three years, at least 3 of the issued and outstanding voting shares of the Company. The
Bylaws contain limitations on the maximum number of nominees submitted by stockholders that the Company would be required to include in its proxy statement for an annual meeting. 
 Removal of Directors and Vacancies. The Bylaws provide that any director may be removed from office only (a) for cause as defined in the
Massachusetts General Laws and by the affirmative vote of a majority of our outstanding shares and entitled to vote in the election of directors or (b) for cause by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. Vacancies and newly created
directorships, whether resulting from an increase in the size of the board of directors, from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of a director or otherwise, shall be filled solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
remaining directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the board of directors. Indemnification of Directors, Officers and
Employees. Pursuant to the Articles of Organization and Bylaws, Teradyne shall indemnify, to the full extent authorized by law, any person made or threatened to be made a party to an action, suit or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of Teradyne or is or was serving, at the request of the Teradyne, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
organization. The board of directors may, without stockholder approval, authorize Teradyne to enter into agreements, including any amendments or modifications thereto, with any of its directors, officers, employees or other agents providing for
indemnification of such persons to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law and Teradyne s Articles of Organization and Bylaws. Business
Combinations with Interested Stockholders. The Massachusetts General Laws contain anti-takeover provisions regarding, among other things, business combinations with an affiliated stockholder. In general, the Massachusetts General Laws prevent a
publicly held Massachusetts corporation from engaging in a business combination, as defined in the Massachusetts General Laws, with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an
interested stockholder, unless: 

before the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, the board of directors of the corporation
approved either the business combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder; 

the interested stockholder acquires at least 90 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at the time
it becomes an interested stockholder; or 

the business combination is approved by the board of directors and the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation voting at a meeting, excluding the voting stock owned by the interested stockholder. 
 An interested stockholder is generally a person owning 5 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. A business combination includes mergers,
consolidations, stock and asset sales and other transactions with the interested stockholder that result in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. 
 Control Share Acquisitions. Teradyne has elected to opt out of the control share acquisitions provisions of the Massachusetts General Laws. Teradyne
could, however, opt into these control share acquisitions provisions at any time by amending our Bylaws. In general, the control share acquisitions
provisions of the Massachusetts General Laws provide that any person, including his, her or its affiliates, who acquires shares of a corporation that are subject to the control share acquisitions statute and whose shares represent one-fifth or more, one-third or more, or a majority or more of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors cannot exercise any voting power with respect
to those shares, or any shares acquired by the person within 90 days before or after an acquisition of this nature, unless these voting rights are authorized by the stockholders of the corporation. 

The authorization of voting rights requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding voting shares, excluding shares owned by: 

the person making an acquisition of this nature; 

any officer of the corporate; and 

any employee who is also a director of the corporation. 
 There are several other types of share acquisitions that are not subject to these provisions of the Massachusetts General Laws, including acquisitions of
shares under a tender offer, merger or consolidation which is made in connection with an agreement to which the corporation is a party and acquisitions of shares directly from the corporation or a wholly owned subsidiary of the corporation. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 d414778dex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10.13 

Exhibit 10.13 
 TERADYNE, INC. 1996
EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (as amended, effective November 14, 2022) 
 Article 1 Purpose . This 1996
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan is intended to encourage stock ownership by all eligible employees of Teradyne, Inc. (the Company ), a Massachusetts corporation, and its participating subsidiaries (as
defined in Article 17) so that they may share in the growth of the Company by acquiring or increasing their proprietary interest in the Company. The Plan is designed to encourage eligible employees to remain in the employ of the Company and its
participating subsidiaries. The Plan is intended to constitute an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 Article 2 Administration of the Plan . 
 The Plan may be administered by a committee appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee ). The
Committee shall consist of not less than two members of the Company s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may from time to time remove members from, or add members to, the Committee. Vacancies on the Committee, howsoever caused, shall be
filled by the Board of Directors. The Committee may select one of its members as Chairman, and shall hold meetings at such times and places as it may determine. Acts by a majority of the Committee, or acts reduced to or approved in writing by a
majority of the members of the Committee, shall be the valid acts of the Committee. The interpretation and construction by the Committee
of any provisions of the Plan or of any option granted under it shall be final, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. The Committee may from time to time adopt such rules and regulations for carrying out the Plan as it may deem
best, provided that any such rules and regulations shall be applied on a uniform basis to all similarly situated employees under the Plan. No member of the Board of Directors or the Committee shall be liable for any action or determination made in
good faith with respect to the Plan or any option granted under it. In the event the Board of Directors fails to appoint or refrains from
appointing a Committee, the Board of Directors shall have all power and authority to administer the Plan. In such event, the word Committee wherever used herein shall be deemed to mean the Board of Directors. 
 Article 3 Eligible Employees . 
 No option may be granted to any person serving as a member of the Committee at the time of grant. Subject to the foregoing limitation, all
employees of the Company or any of its participating subsidiaries who are employees of the Company or any of its 

participating subsidiaries on or before the first day of any Payment Period (as defined in Article 5), and whose customary employment is not less than twenty hours per week and more than five
months in any calendar year shall be eligible to receive options under the Plan to purchase common stock of the Company, par value .125 per share Common Stock provided, however, that the Committee retains the discretion to
determine which eligible employees may participate in an offering pursuant to and consistent with Treasury Regulation Sections 1.423.2(e) and (f). All eligible employees shall have the same rights and privileges hereunder, except as permitted or
required under Treasury Regulation 1.423-2(f) and Article 17 hereof. Persons who elect to enter the Plan in accordance with Article 7 and who are eligible employees on the first business day of any Payment
Period (as defined in Article 5) shall receive their options as of such day. Persons who elect to enter the Plan in accordance with Article 7 and who become eligible employees after any date on which options are granted under the Plan shall be
granted options on the first business day of the next succeeding Payment Period on which options are granted to eligible employees under the Plan. In no event, however, may an employee be granted an option if such employee, immediately after the
option was granted, would be treated as owning stock possessing five percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation, as the terms parent
corporation and subsidiary corporation are defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code. For purposes of determining stock ownership under this paragraph, the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall apply, and
stock which the employee may purchase under outstanding options shall be treated as stock owned by the employee. Article 4 Stock Subject to
the Plan . The stock subject to the options under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued Common Stock, or shares of Common Stock
reacquired by the Company, including shares purchased in the open market. The aggregate number of shares which may be issued pursuant to the Plan is 33,400,000, subject to adjustment as provided in Article 12. If any option granted under the Plan
shall expire or terminate for any reason without having been exercised in full or shall cease for any reason to be exercisable in whole or in part, the unpurchased shares subject thereto shall again be available under the Plan. 
 Article 5 Payment Periods and Stock Options . 
 For the duration of the Plan, a Payment Period shall be defined as each six-month period commencing on
the first day of January and ending on the last day of June and commencing on the first day of July and ending on the last day of December of each calendar year. 
 On the first business day of each Payment Period, the Company will grant to each eligible employee who is then a participant in the Plan an
option to purchase on the last day of such Payment Period, at the Option Price hereinafter provided for, a maximum number of 3,000 shares on condition that such employee remains eligible to participate in the Plan throughout the remainder of such
Payment Period. The participant shall be entitled to exercise the option so granted only to the extent of the participant s 
 2 

accumulated payroll deductions on the last day of such Payment Period. If the participant s accumulated payroll deductions on the last day of the Payment Period would enable the participant
to purchase more than 3,000 shares except for the 3,000 share limitation, the excess of the amount of the accumulated payroll deductions over the aggregate purchase price of the 3,000 shares shall be promptly refunded to the participant by the
Company, without interest. The Option Price per share for each Payment Period shall be 85 of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the last business day of the Payment Period rounded up to the nearest cent. The foregoing limitation on the
number of shares subject to option and the Option Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Article 12. For purposes of the
Plan, the term fair market value on any date means (i) the closing price (on that date) of the Common Stock on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is traded, if the Common Stock is then traded on a
national securities exchange; or (ii) the average of the closing bid and asked prices last quoted (on that date) by an established quotation service for
 over-the-counter securities, if the Common Stock is not reported on a national securities exchange; or (iii) if the Common Stock is not publicly traded, the fair
market value of the Common Stock as determined by the Committee after taking into consideration all factors which it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, recent sale and offer prices of the Common Stock in private transactions
negotiated at arm s length. For purposes of the Plan, the term business day means a day on which there is trading on The
Nasdaq Stock Market or the aforementioned national securities exchange, whichever is applicable pursuant to the preceding paragraph; and if neither is applicable, a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in Massachusetts. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision herein, no employee shall be granted an option which permits the employee s right to purchase stock
under the Plan, and under all other Section 423(b) employee stock purchase plans of the Company and any parent or subsidiary corporations, to accrue at a rate which exceeds 25,000 of fair market value of such stock (determined on the date or
dates that options on such stock were granted) for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding at any time. The purpose of the limitation in the preceding sentence is to comply with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code. If the
participant s accumulated payroll deductions on the last day of the Payment Period would otherwise enable the participant to purchase Common Stock in excess of the Section 423(b)(8) 25,000 limitation described in this paragraph, the
excess of the amount of the accumulated payroll deductions over the aggregate purchase price of the shares actually purchased shall be promptly refunded to the participant by the Company, without interest. 
 Article 6 Exercise of Option . 
 Each eligible employee who continues to be a participant in the Plan on the last day of a Payment Period shall be deemed to have exercised his
or her option on such date and shall be deemed to have purchased from the Company such number of whole and fractional shares of Common Stock reserved for the purpose of the Plan as the 
 3 

participant s accumulated payroll deductions on such date will pay for at the Option Price, subject to the 3,000 share limit of the option and the Section 423(b)(8) 25,000 limitation
described in Article 5. If the individual is not a participant on the last day of a Payment Period, then he or she shall not be entitled to exercise his or her option. Fractional shares of Common Stock may be purchased under the Plan. 
 Article 7 Authorization for Entering the Plan . 
 An employee may elect to enter the Plan by filling out, signing and delivering to the Company an authorization: 
 A. Stating the percentage to be deducted from the employee s pay; 
 B. Authorizing the purchase of stock for the employee in each Payment Period in accordance with the
terms of the Plan; and C. Specifying the exact name or names in which stock purchased for the
employee is to be issued as provided under Article 11 hereof. Such authorization must be received by the Company on or before the first
day of the next succeeding Payment Period. Unless a participant files a new authorization or withdraws from the Plan, the deductions and
purchases under the authorization the participant has on file under the Plan will continue from one Payment Period to succeeding Payment Periods as long as the Plan remains in effect. 
 The Company will accumulate and hold for each participant s account the amounts deducted from his or her pay. No interest will be paid on
these amounts. Article 8 Maximum Amount of Payroll Deductions . 
 An employee may authorize payroll deductions in an amount (expressed as a whole percentage) not less than two percent (2 but not more than
ten percent (10 of the employee s cash compensation. Article 9 Change in Payroll Deductions . 
 Deductions may not be increased during a Payment Period. Deductions may be decreased during a Payment Period, provided that an employee may not
decrease his deduction more than once during any Payment Period. Article 10 Withdrawal from the Plan . 
 A participant may withdraw from the Plan (in whole but not in part) at any time prior to the last day of a Payment Period by delivering a
withdrawal notice to the Company. 
 4 

To re-enter the Plan, an employee who has previously
withdrawn must file a new authorization on or before the first day of the next Payment Period in which he or she wishes to participate. The employee s re-entry into the Plan becomes effective at the
beginning of such Payment Period, provided that he or she is an eligible employee on the first business day of the Payment Period. Article
11 Issuance of Stock . Stock issued to participants shall be delivered as soon as practicable after each Payment Period by the
Company s transfer agent. Stock purchased under the Plan shall be issued only in the name of the participant, or if the
participant s authorization so specifies, in the name of the participant and another person of legal age as joint tenants with rights of survivorship. 
 Article 12 Adjustments . Upon
the happening of any of the following described events, a participant s rights under options granted under the Plan shall be adjusted as hereinafter provided: 
 A. In the event that the shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided or combined into a greater or
smaller number of shares or if, upon a reorganization, split-up, liquidation, recapitalization or the like of the Company, the shares of Common Stock shall be exchanged for other securities of the Company,
each participant shall be entitled, subject to the conditions herein stated, to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock or amount of other securities of the Company as were exchangeable for the number of shares of Common Stock that such
participant would have been entitled to purchase except for such action, and appropriate adjustments shall be made in the purchase price per share to reflect such subdivision, combination or exchange; and 
 B. In the event the Company shall issue any of its shares as a stock dividend upon or with respect to
the shares of stock of the class which shall at the time be subject to options hereunder, each participant upon exercising such an option shall be entitled to receive (for the purchase price paid upon such exercise) the shares as to which the
participant is exercising his or her option and, in addition thereto (at no additional cost), such number of shares of the class or classes in which such stock dividend or dividends were declared or paid, and such amount of cash in lieu of
fractional shares, as is equal to the number of shares thereof and the amount of cash in lieu of fractional shares, respectively, which the participant would have received if the participant had been the holder of the shares as to which the
participant is exercising his or her option at all times between the date of the granting of such option and the date of its exercise. 
 Upon the happening of any of the foregoing events, the class and aggregate number of shares set forth in Article 4 hereof which are subject to
options which have been or may be granted under the Plan and the limitations set forth in the second paragraph of Article 5 shall also be appropriately adjusted to reflect the events specified 
 5 

in paragraphs A and B above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any adjustments made pursuant to paragraphs A or B shall be made only after the Committee, based on advice of counsel for the Company,
determines whether such adjustments would constitute a modification (as that term is defined in Section 424 of the Code). If the Committee determines that such adjustments would constitute a modification, it may refrain from making
such adjustments. If the Company is to be consolidated with or acquired by another entity in a merger, a sale of all or substantially all
of the Company s assets or otherwise (an Acquisition ), the Committee or the board of directors of any entity assuming the obligations of the Company hereunder (the Successor Board shall, with respect to
options then outstanding under the Plan, either (i) make appropriate provision for the continuation of such options by arranging for the substitution on an equitable basis for the shares then subject to such options either (a) the
consideration payable with respect to the outstanding shares of the Common Stock in connection with the Acquisition, (b) shares of stock of the successor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary of such corporation, or (c) such other
securities as the Successor Board deems appropriate, the fair market value of which shall not exceed the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock subject to such options immediately preceding the Acquisition; or (ii) terminate each
participant s options in exchange for a cash payment equal to the excess of the fair market value on the date of the Acquisition of the number of shares of Common Stock that the participant s accumulated payroll deductions as of the date
of the Acquisition could purchase, at an option price determined with reference only to the first business day of the applicable Payment Period and subject to the 3,000 share limit and Code Section 423(b)(8) limitations on the amount of stock a
participant would be entitled to purchase over the aggregate option price to such participant thereof. The Committee or Successor Board
shall determine the adjustments to be made under this Article 12, and its determination shall be conclusive. Article 13 No Transfer or
Assignment of Employee s Rights . An option granted under the Plan may not be transferred or assigned, otherwise than by will
or by the laws of descent and distribution. Any option granted under the Plan may be exercised, during the participant s lifetime, only by the participant. 
 Article 14 Termination of Employee s Rights . 
 Whenever a participant ceases to be an eligible employee because of retirement, voluntary or involuntary termination, resignation, layoff,
discharge, death or for any other reason, his or her rights under the Plan shall immediately terminate, and the Company shall promptly refund, without interest, the entire balance of his or her payroll deduction account under the Plan; provided,
however, that if an employee is laid off during the last three months of any Payment Period, he shall nevertheless be deemed to be a participant in the Plan on the last day of the Payment Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, eligible
employment shall be treated as continuing intact while a participant is on military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence, for up to 90 days, or, if such leave is 
 6 

longer than 90 days, for so long as the participant s right to re-employment is guaranteed either by statute or by written contract. Notwithstanding
any other provision herein, if a participant s employment is terminated by reason of retirement, and the date of such termination occurs after the date that is 3 months prior to the last day of the Payment Period, such participant s rights
under the Plan are not immediately terminated, and if the participant has not withdrawn from the Plan, such participant s options shall be deemed to have been exercised on the last day of the Payment Period in accordance with the terms of the
Plan. Article 15 Termination and Amendments to Plan . 
 The Plan may be terminated at any time by the Company s Board of Directors but such termination shall not affect options then outstanding
under the Plan. If at any time shares of stock reserved for the purpose of the Plan remain available for purchase but not in sufficient number to satisfy all then unfilled purchase requirements, the available shares shall be apportioned among
participants in proportion to the amount of payroll deductions accumulated on behalf of each participant that would otherwise be used to purchase stock, and the Plan shall terminate. Upon such termination or any other termination of the Plan, all
payroll deductions not used to purchase stock will be refunded, without interest. The Committee or the Board of Directors may from time
to time adopt amendments to the Plan provided that, without the approval of the shareholders of the Company, no amendment may (i) increase the number of shares that may be issued under the Plan; (ii) change the class of employees eligible
to receive options under the Plan, if such action would be treated as the adoption of a new plan for purposes of Code Section 423(b) and the regulations thereunder; (iii) cause Rule 16b-3 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to become inapplicable to the Plan or (iv) materially revise the Plan pursuant to the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 
 Article 16 Limits on Sale of Stock Purchased under the Plan . 
 The Plan is intended to provide shares of Common Stock for investment and not for resale. The Company does not, however, intend to restrict or
influence any employee in the conduct of his or her own affairs. An employee may, therefore, sell stock purchased under the Plan at any time the employee chooses, subject to compliance with any applicable federal or state securities laws and subject
to any restrictions imposed under Article 21 to ensure that tax withholding obligations are satisfied. THE EMPLOYEE ASSUMES THE RISK OF ANY MARKET FLUCTUATIONS IN THE PRICE OF THE STOCK. 
 Article 17 Participating Subsidiaries . 
 The term participating subsidiary shall mean any present or future subsidiary of the Company, as that term is defined in
Section 424(f) of the Code, that is designated from time to time by the Board of Directors to participate in the Plan. The Board of Directors shall have the power to make such designation before or after the Plan is
 
 7 

approved by the shareholders. The Board may from time to time establish one or more sub-plans under the Plan with respect to one or more participating
subsidiaries, provided that such sub-plan complies with Section 423 of the Code and related Treasury Regulations. 
 The Company may, in order to comply with the laws of a foreign jurisdiction, grant options to employees of the Company or a participating
subsidiary who are citizens or residents of such foreign jurisdiction (without regard to whether they are also citizens of the United States or resident aliens within the meaning of Section 7701(b)(1)(A) of the Code) with terms that are less
favorable (but not more favorable) than the terms of options granted under the Plan to employees of the Company or a participating subsidiary who are resident in the United States. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of the Plan, employees of
the Company or a participating subsidiary who are citizens or residents of a foreign jurisdiction (without regard to whether they are also citizens of the United States or resident aliens within the meaning of Section 77091(b)(1)(A) of the
Code) may be excluded from eligibility under the Plan if (a) the grant of an option under the Plan to a citizen or resident of the foreign jurisdiction is prohibited under the laws of such jurisdiction or (b) compliance with the laws of
the foreign jurisdiction would cause the Plan to violate the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. The Company may add one or more appendices to this Plan describing the operation of the Plan in those foreign jurisdictions in which employees
are excluded from participation or granted less favorable options. Article 18 Optionees Not Shareholders . 
 Neither the granting of an option to an employee nor the deductions from his or her pay shall constitute such employee a stockholder of the
shares covered by an option until such shares have been actually purchased by the employee. Article 19 Application of Funds . 
 The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to options granted under the Plan will be used for general
corporate purposes. Article 20 Notice to Company of Disqualifying Disposition . 
 By electing to participate in the Plan, each participant agrees to notify the Company in writing immediately after the participant transfers
Common Stock acquired under the Plan, if such transfer occurs within two years after the first business day of the Payment Period in which such Common Stock was acquired. Each participant further agrees to provide any information about such a
transfer as may be requested by the Company or any subsidiary corporation in order to assist it in complying with the tax laws. Such dispositions generally are treated as disqualifying dispositions under Sections 421 and 424 of the Code,
which have certain tax consequences to participants and to the Company and its participating subsidiaries. 
 8 

Article 21 Withholding of Additional Income Taxes . 
 By electing to participate in the Plan, each participant acknowledges that the Company and its participating subsidiaries are required to
withhold taxes with respect to the amounts deducted from the participant s compensation and accumulated for the benefit of the participant under the Plan, and each participant agrees that the Company and its participating subsidiaries may
deduct additional amounts from the participant s compensation, when amounts are added to the participant s account, used to purchase Common Stock or refunded, in order to satisfy such withholding obligations. Each participant further
acknowledges that when Common Stock is purchased under the Plan the Company and its participating subsidiaries may be required to withhold taxes with respect to all or a portion of the difference between the fair market value of the Common Stock
purchased and its purchase price, and each participant agrees that such taxes may be withheld from compensation otherwise payable to such participant. It is intended that tax withholding will be accomplished in such a manner that the full amount of
payroll deductions elected by the participant under Article 7 will be used to purchase Common Stock. However, if amounts sufficient to satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations have not been withheld from compensation otherwise payable to any
participant, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Company may withhold such taxes from the participant s accumulated payroll deductions and apply the net amount to the purchase of Common Stock, unless the participant pays
to the Company, prior to the exercise date, an amount sufficient to satisfy such withholding obligations. Each participant further acknowledges that the Company and its participating subsidiaries may be required to withhold taxes in connection with
the disposition of stock acquired under the Plan and agrees that the Company or any participating subsidiary may take whatever action it considers appropriate to satisfy such withholding requirements, including deducting from compensation otherwise
payable to such participant an amount sufficient to satisfy such withholding requirements or conditioning any disposition of Common Stock by the participant upon the payment to the Company or such subsidiary of an amount sufficient to satisfy such
withholding requirements. Article 22 Governmental Regulations . 
 The Company s obligation to sell and deliver shares of Common Stock under the Plan is subject to the approval of any governmental
authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance or sale of such shares. Government regulations may impose reporting or
other obligations on the Company with respect to the Plan. For example, the Company may be required to identify shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan on its stock ownership records and send tax information statements to employees and former
employees who transfer title to such shares. Article 23 Governing Law . 
 The validity and construction of the Plan shall be governed by the laws of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. 
 9 

Article 24 Approval of Board of Directors and Stockholders of the Company . 
 The Plan was originally adopted by the Board of Directors on March 19, 1996 and subsequently approved by the shareholders. The Plan was
most recently approved by shareholders on May 7, 2021. 
 10 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.18>
 4
 d414778dex1018.htm
 EX-10.18

EX-10.18 

Exhibit 10.18 
 AGREEMENT REGARDING TERMINATION BENEFITS 
 This Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits Agreement is entered into this 31 st day of
January, 2023 (the Effective Date by and between Teradyne, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation with a principal office at 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, MA 01864 (the Company and Gregory S. Smith, the Chief Executive
Officer and President of the Company Executive ). WHEREAS, the Company and Executive have agreed on certain termination benefits in the event
the Executive s employment with the Company terminates under the conditions described herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and
the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: 1. Effective Date and
Term: This Agreement shall become effective as of February 1, 2023. Subject to the provisions of Sections 4 and 9 below and unless earlier terminated as permitted herein, this Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of three
(3) years from the Effective Date Term and thereafter, the Term shall be extended for additional one-year periods unless, not later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then
current Term, the Company shall have given notice to the Executive not to extend the then current Term. 2. Definitions: 
For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms shall be defined as follows: Board means the Board of Directors of
Teradyne, Inc. Cause shall mean conduct involving one or more of the following: (i) the substantial and
continuing failure of the Executive, after notice thereof, to render services to Company in accordance with the terms or requirements of his employment, as established by the Board from time to time and communicated to the Executive; (ii) the
Executive s disloyalty, gross negligence, willful misconduct, dishonesty, fraud or breach of fiduciary duty to the Company each in connection with the Executive s employment by the Company; (iii) the Executive s deliberate
disregard of the rules or policies of, or breach of an agreement with, Company which results in direct or indirect material loss, damage or injury to the Company; (iv) the intentional, unauthorized disclosure by the Executive of any trade
secret or confidential information of the Company; (v) the commission by the Executive of an act which constitutes unfair competition with the Company; or (vi) the conviction of, or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by the
Executive, to any crime involving moral turpitude or any felony. In addition, Cause will include, for purposes of this Agreement (y) the Board s good faith determination that it has a reasonable basis for dissatisfaction with the
Executive s employment for reasons such as lack of capacity or diligence, failure to conform to usual standards of conduct, or other culpable or inappropriate behavior or (z) other grounds for discharge that are reasonably related, in the
Board s honest judgment, to the needs of the business 
 1 

of the Company. In the event that the Company determines that Cause may exist pursuant to clauses (i), (iii) and (v) above or pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Company shall give the
Executive written notice of the facts constituting such Cause and the Executive shall have thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice to remedy such Cause. 
 Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any
consolidation, cash tender offer, reorganization, re-capitalization, merger or plan of share exchange following which the capital stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction constitutes less
than a majority of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the combined corporation or person immediately after such transaction; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer of all or substantially all of the
Company s assets; (iii) the adoption by the Board of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; (iv) a change in the majority of the Boardthrough one or more contested elections occurring within a three
year period; or (v) any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes beneficial owner of 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s
outstanding voting securities other than (A) as a result of a consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, merger or plan of share exchange following which the capital stock of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction
constitutes at least a majority of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the combined corporation or person immediately after such transaction, (B) by any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee
benefit plan of the Company, or (C) by a person temporarily acquiring beneficial ownership in its capacity as an underwriter (as defined pursuant to Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) in connection with a public
offering of the Company s securities. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Company shall mean Teradyne, Inc. and shall include its successors and assigns, and any corporation or other entity which
is the surviving or continuing entity following a merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or stock. 
 Competitor includes, but is not limited to, any business or enterprise that develops, designs, produces, markets, sells, or
renders any product or service developed, produced, marketed, sold or rendered by the Company, including actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development. 
 Date of Termination shall mean the last day of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 Disability shall mean an illness, injury or other incapacitating condition as a result of which the Executive is absent
from full time performance of his duties with the Company or is unable to perform his duties and responsibilities for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during the Term or a period or periods aggregating to more than ninety (90) days
in any consecutive six (6) month period but shall not include death. 
 2 

Equity Awards shall mean the equity ownership, participation or
appreciation opportunities provided by the Company to the Executive pursuant to incentive plans that the Company maintains, including but not limited to its 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan, the Teradyne, Inc. 1991 Employee Stock
Option Plan and the Teradyne, Inc. 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan, and any stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock and other stock-based awards granted thereunder. 
 Model Compensation shall mean the Executive s annual model compensation as determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Board or the Board, which consists of (a) a fixed annual salary and (b) a target annual variable amount. 
 Non-Solicitation Activities shall include the following: 

a) 
 Recruiting, soliciting, hiring or engaging, as an employee or independent contractor, any employees or former
employees (excluding any former employee whose employment with the Company or its subsidiaries has been terminated for a period of six months or longer) of the Company or its subsidiaries; 

b) 
 Soliciting, enticing, or encouraging employees of the Company or its subsidiaries to leave employment with the
Company or its subsidiaries; 

c) 
 Soliciting (for the purpose of providing a product or service that is competitive with the Company) any
customer or prospective customer of the Company or its subsidiaries; 

d) 
 Soliciting, enticing, advising, encouraging, or inducing (i) customers of the Company or its subsidiaries
to discontinue or alter their business relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries or (ii) customers or prospective customers to refrain from entering into a business relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that the
restrictions in sub-sections (c) and (d) shall apply (y) only with respect to those persons or entitities who are or have been a business partner of the Company or its subsidiaries at any time within
the twenty-four (24)-month period immediately preceding the activity restricted by such sections or whose business has been solicited on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any of their officers, employees or agents within such
twenty-four (24)-month period, other than by form letter, blanket mailing or published advertisement, and (z) only if the Executive has performed work for such person or entity during his employment with the Company or has had material business
contact with such person or entity as a result of his employment or other associations with the Company or has had access to confidential information which would assist in his solicitation of such person or entity. 
 3 

Non-Competition Activities shall
include the following: a) Entering the employment, rendering any professional services or taking a position as an
officer, director, partner, owner, consultant, independent contractor, advisory board or committee member, principal, agent, employee or 10 or more shareholder with or to any individual, partnership, association or corporation which is a Competitor
of the Company or its subsidiaries; but this clause (a) shall not preclude the Executive from rendering services to an entity that competes with an entity that has acquired Teradyne, Inc. (an Acquirer so long as (i) the
Executive s services do not involve products or services that are competitive to those that were produced, marketed, sold or rendered by Teradyne, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (including actual or demonstratively anticipated research or
development) before the acquisition Teradyne Product/Services and (ii) the Executive is not retained as an Officer of the Acquirer following the consummation of the acquisition to render services involving the Acquirer s
products and services which are not Teradyne Products/Services. b) Establishing, funding, purchasing or managing a
business which is competitive with the business of the Company or its subsidiaries. 3. Employment Agreement
Consideration: In consideration of (a) the Executive s at-will employment with the Company and his appointment, and the compensation payments made to the Executive, as Chief Executive
Officer and President of the Company and (b) the Company s willingness to enter into an agreement regarding termination benefits, specifically this Agreement, the Executive covenants and agrees that during the Term of this Agreement and
(i) for three (3) years after the Executive s Date of Termination resulting from the Executive s resignation, retirement or a termination by the Company for any reason, the Executive will not directly or indirectly engage in any
of the Non-Solicitation Activities, and (ii) for one (1) year after the Executive s Date of Termination resulting from the Executive s resignation, retirement or a termination by the
Company for Cause, the Executive will not directly or indirectly engage in any of the Non-Competition Activities. 
 4. Termination Benefits and Covenants : 
 4.1 For the Executive: In consideration of, and as condition to, the performance by the Executive of the
covenants, undertakings and other agreements set forth in Section 4.3 below, and for so long as the Executive performs such obligations, the Company shall provide the termination benefits described in subsections (a) and (c)-(d) below (the
 Termination Benefits to the Executive if his employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for any reason other than for death, Disability, or Cause (with Cause, for purposes of this Section 4.1, defined to include only
those activities described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the definition of Cause set forth above), provided that such termination by the Company does not trigger or entitle the Executive 
 4 

to any payments or benefits under the Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement dated February 8, 2016 (the Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement ). If the
Executive s employment with the Company is terminated within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control or within three (3) months prior to a Change in Control, then the terms and conditions of the Executive Officer Change
in Control Agreement shall govern such employment termination and the Executive shall not be entitled to the payments and benefits described below. Subject to Section 4.1(b)(i) of this Agreement, payment or provision of the Executive s
Termination Benefits that are subject to Section 409A of the Code shall commence on the 60 th day following the Date of Termination provided the Executive has complied with the requirements of
Section 4.3 of this Agreement and the release of claims has become irrevocable under applicable law no later than on the 60 th day following his Date of Termination. All Termination Benefits
shall be forfeited as of the 60 th day following the Executive s Date of Termination if the Executive has not provided the Company with a valid, irrevocable release of claims as of such 60 th day. (a) Continued Payments : 
Unless otherwise required under Section 4.1(b) below, the Company shall pay monthly to the Executive an amount equal to 1/12 th of his current annual Model Compensation as of the Date of
Termination for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the Date of Termination (the Severance Period ). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, under no circumstances shall the Executive receive more than a total of
twenty-four (24) months of payments under this Agreement. All such continued payments shall be in accord with the Company s customary pay practices. 
 (b) Deferred Compensation/Section 409A . 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time the
Executive s employment terminates, the Executive is a specified employee, as defined below, any and all amounts payable under this Agreement on account of such separation from service that would (but for this provision) be payable
within six (6) months following such separation from service, shall instead be paid on the next business day following the expiration of such six (6)-month period or, if earlier, upon the Executive s death; except (A) to the extent of
amounts that do not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(b) (including without limitation by reason of the safe harbor set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), as determined by the Company); (B) benefits which qualify as excepted welfare benefits pursuant to Treasury regulation
 Section 1.409A-1(a)(5); or (C) other amounts or benefits that are not subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, all references to termination of employment and
correlative phrases shall be construed to require a separation from service (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury regulations after giving effect to the presumptions contained
therein), if required to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code, and the term specified employee means an individual determined by the Company to be a specified employee under Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(i). 
 5 

(iii) For purposes of this Agreement, each amount to
be paid or benefit to be provided shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of
separate payments. (iv) This Agreement is intended to be exempt from, or comply with, the
provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the Agreement shall, to the extent practicable, be construed in accordance therewith. Terms defined in the Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms under Section 409A of the Code if and
to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code. In any event, the Company makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to Executive or any other person if any provisions of or payments under this Agreement
are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but not to satisfy the conditions of that section. 
 (c) Benefits: During the Severance Period, the Company shall arrange or provide for continued
health, dental and vision insurance plan coverage for the Executive at the same levels of coverage in existence prior to the Date of Termination subject to the Company and Executive each contributing to the applicable insurance premium payments on
the same basis and in the same proportions as in existence at the Date of Termination. If the Executive is not eligible for continued health, dental and vision insurance plan coverage for any portion of the Severance Period, the Company shall
provide or reimburse the Executive for comparable individual insurance and, if such provision or reimbursement constitutes taxable income to the Executive, such additional amount as is necessary to place the Executive in substantially the same after
tax position as he was while an employee of the Company with respect to such insurance plan coverages, which amounts shall be paid on the same schedule as the severance payments under Section 4.1(a) above. All other benefits, including but not
limited to flex/vacation time accrual, short and long term disability insurance, life insurance, contributions (including company matches) into savings plan and savings plan plus, profit sharing payments and participation in the employee stock
purchase plan shall cease as of the Date of Termination. To the extent that amounts paid by the Company to provide
benefits under this paragraph (c), are deemed to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, then such payments shall be made monthly and to the extent any such benefits are reimbursements of expenses incurred by the Executive
then the expenses eligible for reimbursement in one taxable year may not effect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in another taxable year; such reimbursement must be made on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the
expenses are incurred; and the right to reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 6 

(d) Equity Awards : All unvested, non
performance-based Equity Awards held by the Executive as of the Date of Termination shall continue to vest during the Severance Period as if the Executive s employment had not been terminated. Unvested performance-based Equity Awards shall
continue to vest for thirty-six (36) months as if the Executive s employment had not been terminated. Except as modified in this Section 1(d), the terms of the applicable equity plan(s) and
Equity Award agreements (including any successor plans and agreements) under which the Equity Awards were granted to the Executive shall continue to govern all of the Executive s Equity Awards. 
 (e) Taxes and Withholdings : All payments made by the Company to the Executive under this
Agreement shall be net of any applicable taxes (whether local, state, federal, provincial or otherwise) or other required or voluntary withholdings or deductions. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event the Executive dies after (i) his
employment with the Company has been terminated for any reason other than Death, Disability and Cause (with Cause, for purposes of this Section 4.1, defined to include only those activities described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the
definition of Cause set forth above) and (ii) his right to the Termination Benefits stated in Section 4.1 has attached, the Company agrees that the Executive s estate, conservator or designated beneficiary(ies), as the case may be,
shall be entitled to the remainder of the Executive s Termination Benefits described in Section 4.1. 
 4.2 Notwithstanding the preceding Section 4.1 and in consideration of, and as condition to, the Executive
providing to the Company the covenants and agreements set forth in Section 4.3 below, the Company agrees that if the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for Disability, the Company shall, unless otherwise
required under Section 4.1(b) above: (a) provide the monthly payments described in
Section 4.1(a) above, as reduced pursuant to 4.2(b) below, to the Executive for each month during the twenty-four (24)-month period following his termination during which the Executive does not receive or is no longer eligible to receive any
Company disability insurance benefits under the applicable insurance policy or program(s), other than as a result of Executive s intentional malfeasance or death; and 
 (b) under this Section 4.2, reduce each monthly payment described in Section 4.1(a) above to
the Executive by any compensation received by the Executive from other employment, consulting or other services for hire. The Executive agrees to use his
best efforts to obtain and maintain any benefits from any disability policy or program under which he is an insured party or participant. 
 7 

4.3 Executive s Covenants: In consideration of, and as a
condition to, the Company providing to the Executive the Termination Benefits set forth in Sections 4.1 and 4.2, the Executive covenants and agrees: 
 (a) to honor his covenants as set forth in Section 3 above; 
 (b) to sign a valid, binding, irrevocable general release of any claims he has or may have against the
Company, including its subsidiaries, in connection with or relating to his employment by and/or termination from employment with the Company in the form attached hereto as Attachment A (with such updates as are determined by the Company to be
advisable under law), within twenty-one (21) days of his Date of Termination resulting from a termination by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company agrees and hereby acknowledges that the
Release contained in Attachment A is not intended to and does not (i) apply to any claims the Executive may bring to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement, or any outstanding Equity Award
agreement and applicable equity plan; (ii) release the Company of any obligation it may have pursuant to a written agreement, the Company s articles or organization or bylaws or as mandated by statute to indemnify the Executive as an
officer or director of the Company; and (iii) release the Company of any obligation to provide and/or pay benefits to the Executive or the Executive s estate, conservator or designated beneficiary (ies) under and in accordance with the
terms of any applicable Company benefit plan and/or program. (c) to continue to comply with any
post-termination obligations he may have to the Company arising from this Agreement or any other agreement the Executive has with the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates or divisions, including but not limited to the following: 

All outstanding Equity Award agreements 

Employment Agreement 

Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement 
 (d) to cooperate with and provide all reasonable assistance to the Company, with respect to any civil,
criminal or administrative investigations, actions and/or proceedings involving the Company and relating in any way to Executive s positions, duties and responsibilities while at the Company or to any matters which the Executive handled,
participated in or had knowledge of while employed by the Company. (e) not to make any false or
disparaging or derogatory statements or remarks to any person or entity about the Company s (including its subsidiaries business affairs, financial condition, or about any Company or subsidiary directors, officers, employees,
stockholders and agents. For the avoidance of 
 8 

doubt, nothing contained in this Agreement limits, restricts or in any other way affects the Executive s communicating with any governmental agency or entity, or communicating with any
official or staff person of a governmental agency or entity, concerning matters relevant to such governmental agency or entity. 
 4.4 Return of Property: Within sixty (60) days of the Executive s termination of employment, for any
reason, or his resignation or retirement, the Executive shall (a) return to the Company all Company property in his possession or control, including all electronic documents; and (b) submit all documentation for any reimbursements owed to
the Executive for business expenses incurred prior to the Date of Termination. 4.5 No Termination Benefits: 
Except as expressly stated otherwise in Section 4.2, the Executive shall not be eligible for or receive any of the Termination Benefits described in Section 4.1 above upon the occurrence of any one of the following: (a) the
Executive s resignation of or retirement from employment with the Company, or (b) the termination of Executive s employment with the Company resulting from Death or Disability, or (c) the termination of Executive s
employment by the Company for Cause (with Cause defined to include only those activities described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the definition of Cause set forth above); or (d) the Executive s failure to perform or breach of any of
the covenants, undertakings or other agreements set forth in Section 4.3; or (e) the Executive s entitlement to receive payments or benefits under the Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement. 
 5. Termination Notice : Any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company (other than by reason
of Death) shall (a) be in writing; (b) indicate the basis for termination (such as with or without Cause, Disability, etc and with respect to a termination for Cause indicate the basis for termination in reasonable detail and
(c) be delivered to the Executive in accordance with Section 17 below. 6. Resignation or Retirement
Notice : Any resignation or retirement by Executive shall be (a) in writing, (b) explain the resignation or retirement and (c) be delivered to the Company at least ninety (90) days in advance of the resignation or retirement
date and otherwise in accordance with Section 17 below. 7. Resignation as a Director: Upon termination
of Executive s employment by the Company for any reason or the resignation of or retirement from employment by the Executive, the Executive shall provide the Chairman of the Board with his written resignation from the Board and all subsidiary
boards of directors and similar governing bodies, and the Board may choose to accept or reject the Executive s resignation as a Board member. 
 8. No Third Party Beneficiaries: Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.1(f) above and in the Executive
Officer Change in Control Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon any person or entity not a party to this Agreement, or the legal representative, executor, administrator or heir of such person or entity, any rights or remedies of any
nature or kind whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 9 

9. No Obligation of Employment . Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed as an express or implied contract of employment between the Executive and the Company (or its subsidiaries, affiliate or divisions) or as a commitment on the part of the Company to retain Executive in any capacity for any period
of time. Executive understands that the employment relationship between the Executive and the Company will be at will and the Executive understands that the Company may terminate Executive with or without Cause at any time
(including prior to a Change in Control) or for any or no reason. Following any Change in Control, the Company may also terminate Executive with or without Cause at any time subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Executive s
rights and the Company s obligations specified in the Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement. 
 10. Specific Performance: Executive acknowledges that (a) the services to be rendered under this Agreement
and the obligations of the Executive assumed herein are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, (b) it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services and obligations, (c) the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates
will be irreparably harmed, and (d) the award of monetary damages will not adequately protect the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates in the event of a breach hereof by the Executive. As a result, the Executive agrees and consents that if
he violates any of the provisions of this Agreement, including Section 3, the Company shall, without any bond or other security, being required and without the necessity of proving monetary damages, be entitled to temporary and/or permanent
injunctive relief to be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining the Executive from committing or continuing any violation of this Agreement or any other appropriate decree of specific performance. Such remedies shall not be exclusive
and shall be in addition to any other remedy the Company may have whether at law or in equity. 11. Dispute
Resolution : Except for the equitable relief provisions set forth in Section 10, the Executive and the Company agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement, otherwise relating in any way
to Executive s employment with and/or termination from the Company, or relating to Executive s relationship as a director or in any other capacity for the Company (whether such dispute arises under any federal, state or local statute or
regulation, or at common law), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration before a single arbitrator. The arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA pertaining at the time the dispute arises. The parties agree that such arbitration shall take place at the offices of the AAA in Boston, Massachusetts. In such arbitration proceedings, the arbitrator shall have the discretion, to
be exercised in accordance with applicable law, to allocate among the parties the arbitrator s fees, tribunal and other administrative and litigation costs and, to the prevailing party, reasonable attorneys fees. The award of the
arbitrator may be confirmed before and entered as a judgment of any court having jurisdiction of the parties. 
 10 

12. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and this Agreement shall be deemed to be performable in Massachusetts. 
 13. Severability . In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement for any reason shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement and this Agreement shall be construed to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
 14. Waivers and Modifications . This Agreement may be modified, and the rights, remedies and obligations
contained in any provision hereof may be waived, only in accordance with this Section 14. No waiver by either party of any breach by the other or any provision hereof shall be deemed to be a waiver of any later or other breach thereof or as a
waiver of any other provision of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be waived, changed, discharged or terminated orally or by any course of dealing between the parties, but only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any
waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought. 15. Assignment . Executive may not assign any of his
rights or delegate any of his duties or obligations under this Agreement. The rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 16. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes and cancels all agreements, written or oral, made prior to the date hereof between Executive and the Company relating to the subject matter hereof ; provided, however, that the following agreements, as may be modified
herein, shall remain in effect in accordance with their terms. 

a) 
 All Outstanding Equity Award Agreements 

b) 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and the Executive 

c) 
 Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement dated February 8, 2016 

d) 
 Any written indemnification Agreements signed by the Company 

e) 
 The Release, Attachment A hereto, once executed between the Company and the Executive. 
 17. Acknowledgement. Executive acknowledges that the Company provided this Agreement at least ten
(10) business days before its Effective Date, Executive was and hereby is advised of his right to consult an attorney before signing this Agreement, and Executive has carefully read this Agreement and understands and agrees to all of the
provisions in this Agreement. 
 11 

18. Notices . All notices hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be delivered (a) in person, (b) mailed by U.S. certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) sent via facsimile with a confirmed facsimile transmission receipt, or (d) sent via
overnight delivery with a confirmed receipt of delivery; in each instance addressed, if to the Executive or the Company, as the case may be at the address noted below or to such other address as either party may furnish to the other in writing in
accordance herewith, except that notice of a change of address shall be effective only upon actual receipt. To the Company: 
 Teradyne, Inc. 600 Riverpark
Drive North Reading, MA 01864 
 Attention: General Counsel 
 To the Executive : 
 Executive s address in his employment file on record 
 with the Human Resources Department 
 19. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 20. Section
Headings . The descriptive section headings herein have been inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to define, limit, or otherwise affect the construction of any provision hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as a sealed instrument by the Company, by a duly authorized director, and by the Executive. 

TERADYNE, INC. 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Timothy E. Guertin 

/s/ Gregory S. Smith 
 
 Name: Timothy E. Guertin 

Gregory S. Smith 
 
 Title: Chair, Compensation Committee 

President Chief Executive Officer 
 
 12 

ATTACHMENT A 
 Release In consideration of the
payment and receipt of the Termination Benefits described in the Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits dated , 20 between me and Teradyne,
Inc. of 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, MA 01864 (the Company ), all of which I acknowledge I would not otherwise be entitled to receive and except as otherwise expressly excluded under Section 4.3(b) of said Agreement, I hereby
fully, forever, irrevocably and unconditionally release, remise and discharge the Company, its successors and assigns and their respective officers, directors, stockholders, corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, agents and employees
(each in their individual and corporate capacities) (hereinafter, the Released Parties from any and all claims, charges, complaints, demands, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, debts, sums of money, costs, accounts, reckonings,
covenants, contracts, agreements, promises, doings, omissions, damages, executions, obligations, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys fees and costs), of every kind and nature which I ever had or now have against the Released Parties
arising out of my employment with and/or termination or separation from the Company or relating to my relationship as a Director, Officer or in any other capacity for the Company, including, but not limited to, all employment discrimination claims
under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq., the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq., the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C., 12101 et seq., the Family and
Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., and the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act., M.G.L. c.151B, 1 et seq., all as amended; all claims arising out of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq., the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ), 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq., the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, M.G.L. c.12 11H and 11I, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, M.G.L. c.93, 102 and M.G.L. c.214,
 1C, the Massachusetts Labor and Industries Act, M.G.L. c.149, 1 et seq., the Massachusetts Privacy Act, M.G.L. c. 214, 1B, the Massachusetts Wage Act, M. G.L. c. 149, 148, and the Massachusetts Maternity Leave Act , M.G.L.
c. 149, 105(d), all as amended; all common law claims including, but not limited to, actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract; all claims to any non-vested ownership interest in the Company,
contractual or otherwise, including but not limited to claims to stock or stock options; and any claim or damage arising out of my employment with, termination or separation from the Company (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law
theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above; provided, however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company agrees and hereby acknowledges that this Release Agreement is not intended to and
does not (i) apply to any claims I may bring to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the Executive Officer Change in Control Agreement, or any outstanding Equity Award agreement and equity plan; (ii) release the Company of any obligation
it may have pursuant to a written agreement, the Company s articles of organization or bylaws, or as mandated by statute to indemnify me as an officer or director of the Company; and (iii) release the Company of any obligation to provide
and/or pay benefits to me or my estate, conservator or designated beneficiary(ies) under and in accordance with the terms of any applicable Company benefit plan and/or program; provided further, that nothing in this Release Agreement prevents me
from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the EEOC or a state Fair Employment Practices Agency (except that I waive my right to recover monetary damages or other individual relief in any charge, investigation or
proceeding or any related complaint or lawsuit filed by me or by anyone on my behalf). 
 13 

Waiver of Rights and Claims Under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967: 
 Since I am 40 years of age or older, I have been informed that I have or may have specific rights and/or claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act
of 1967 (ADEA) and I agree that: (a) in consideration for the severance payments and benefits described in
Section 4.1 of the Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits, which I am not otherwise entitled to receive, I specifically and voluntarily waive such rights and/or claims under the ADEA I might have against the Released Parties to the extent
such rights and/or claims arose prior to the date this Release Agreement was executed; (b) I understand that
rights or claims under the ADEA which may arise after the date this Release Agreement is executed are not waived by me; 
 (c) I was advised that I have at least 21 days within which to consider the terms of this Release Agreement and to
consult with or seek advice from an attorney of my choice or any other person of my choosing prior to executing this Release Agreement; 
 (d) I have carefully read and fully understand all of the provisions of this Release Agreement, and I knowingly and
voluntarily agree to all of the terms set forth in this Release Agreement; and (e) in entering into this Release
Agreement I am not relying on any representation, promise or inducement made by the Company or its attorneys with the exception of those promises described in this document. 
 Period for Review and Consideration of Agreement: I
acknowledge that I was informed and understand that I have twenty-one (21) days to review this Release Agreement and consider its terms before signing it. 
 The 21-day review period will not be affected or extended by any revisions, whether material or immaterial, that might
be made to this Agreement. Accord and Satisfaction: The amounts set forth in the Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits shall be complete and
unconditional payment, settlement, accord and/or satisfaction with respect to all obligations and liabilities of the Released Parties to me, including, without limitation, all claims for back wages, salary, vacation pay, draws, incentive pay,
bonuses, cash awards, Equity Awards, commissions, severance pay, reimbursement of expenses, any and all other forms of compensation or benefits, attorney s fees, or other costs or sums. 
 Revocation Period : I may revoke this Release Agreement
at any time during the seven-day period immediately following my execution hereof. As a result, this Release Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable and the Company shall have no obligation to make
any payments or provide any benefits described herein until the seven-day revocation period has expired. 

Gregory S. Smith 

Date 

Witness 

Date 
 
 14 

IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO USE THE 21-DAY PERIOD, 
 PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW AND SIGN THIS DOCUMENT 
 I, Gregory S. Smith, acknowledge that I was informed and understand that I have 21 days within which to consider the attached Release
Agreement, have been advised of my right to consult with an attorney regarding such Agreement and have considered carefully every provision of the Agreement, and that after having engaged in those actions, I prefer to and have requested that I enter
into the Agreement prior to the expiration of the 21 day period. 

Dated:

Gregory S. Smith 

Dated:

Witness 
 
 15 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.21>
 5
 d414778dex1021.htm
 EX-10.21

EX-10.21 

Exhibit 10.21 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER AGREEMENT 
 This EXECUTIVE OFFICER AGREEMENT is entered into this 31st day of January, 2023, by and between Teradyne, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation Teradyne or the Company ), and Mark E. Jagiela, the Chief Executive Officer of Teradyne (the Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive and Teradyne are parties to an Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits dated January 22, 2014 Severance
Agreement under which the executive is entitled to severance compensation, continued benefits and continued vesting of equity for 24 months from the date of termination under certain circumstances as set forth in the Severance Agreement; 
 WHEREAS, the Executive and the Company s Board of Directors have worked together on an orderly succession and transition plan; 
 WHEREAS, the Executive and the Company s Board of Directors have agreed that the Executive will retire as Chief Executive Officer and
resign as an employee effective February 1, 2023 (the Retirement Date WHEREAS, Teradyne recognizes the contributions
the Executive has made to the success of the Company and wishes to ensure the Executive does not engage in any business competitive with the Company following his retirement for the period from the Retirement Date through the date that is three
(3) years from the Retirement Date (the Non-Competition Period ). WHEREAS,
Teradyne and the Executive desire to set forth certain terms and conditions relating to the Executive s retirement from Teradyne. 
 WHEREAS, Teradyne and the Executive agree that the terms of this agreement shall supersede the terms of the Severance Agreement between the
parties. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows: 1. Consideration . 
 In consideration for the Executive s signing of the Release attached as Attachment A , including the release of his rights under the
Severance Agreement, as well as the promises and covenants including the Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation provision set forth herein, the Company agrees to the
following treatment of the portions of the Executive s outstanding equity grants which remain unvested as of the Retirement Date; provided that such treatment shall be subject to compliance by the Executive with Sections 3 and 4 hereof: 

a) 
 Any unvested, time-based restricted stock units granted before the Retirement Date shall continue to vest
during the Non-Competition Period; 

b) 
 Any unvested, performance-based restricted stock units as of the Retirement Date shall continue to vest during
the Non-Competition Period; 
 1 

c) 
 Any unvested stock options granted before the Retirement Date shall continue to vest during the Non-Competition Period; and 

d) 
 Any vested stock options as of the Retirement Date or stock options that become vested during the Non-Competition Period may be exercised for the remainder of the generally applicable term of such option, which in all cases is no later than seven (7) years from the respective dates of grant.
 Schedule A attached hereto and incorporated herein is a complete list of the Executive s outstanding equity grants from the
Company. The parties agree that, except as otherwise provided herein, the terms of the Executive s existing equity award agreements shall continue in effect and that any portion of the Executive s outstanding equity grants which are not
vested by reason of the application of this Section 1 shall be forfeited as of the last day of the Non-Competition Period or on such earlier date pursuant to Sections 3 or 4. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, upon the vesting of any restricted stock units during the Non-Competition Period, the Company shall issue to the Executive shares of its common stock in settlement of such vested stock units within
thirty (30) days of each vesting date. Executive acknowledges that he will not be entitled to the consideration described in this
Section 1 absent his execution and non-revocation of this Agreement and the Release, in the form attached as Attachment A . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that his termination of employment
with the Company shall not be considered a retirement for purposes of his unvested equity grants which are outstanding as of the Retirement Date and that the settlement or exercise of rights under such grants shall not be accelerated by reason of
his termination of employment. 2. Other Payments and Benefits 
 Executive shall be eligible to receive any variable compensation and profit-sharing payments for the prior 2022 period at the time such
payments are paid out to other employees in the normal course as if Executive continued to be employed as of the payment date(s). Executive shall not be eligible for any variable compensation or profit-sharing payments for the current 2023 period.
The consideration described in this Agreement is in addition to other retirement and/or pension benefits to which the Executive may be entitled associated with the Executive s retirement under the Company s benefit plans in accordance with
plan terms. The parties acknowledge that Executive shall not be entitled to any severance or separation payment, or benefit associated with his retirement, including under the Severance Agreement, other than all accrued wages and unused vacation
time as of the Retirement Date. 3. Conditions to Consideration . 
 The consideration and entitlements set forth above in Section 1 shall be conditioned on Executive s signing, and not revoking, the
Release within twenty-one (21) days following the Retirement Date, and such Release becoming effective in accordance with its terms. All rights, benefits, payments and other entitlements contemplated to
be provided or paid to Executive under this Agreement shall be forfeited as of the 60 th day following Executive s Retirement Date if the Executive has not provided Teradyne with a valid,
irrevocable release of claims as of such 60 th day. 
 2 

4. Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation . During the Non-Competition Period,
Executive shall not directly or indirectly: 

a) 
 Engage in any business or enterprise (whether as an owner, partner, officer, employee, executive, director,
investor, lender, consultant, independent contractor or otherwise, except as the holder of not more than 1 of the combined voting power of the outstanding stock of a publicly held company) that is competitive with Teradyne (including but not
limited to, any business or enterprise that develops, designs, produces, markets, sells or renders any product or service competitive with any product or service developed, produced, marketed, sold or rendered by Teradyne while Executive was
employed by Teradyne); 

b) 
 Either alone or in association with others, recruit, solicit, hire or engage as an independent contractor, any
person who was employed by Teradyne at any time during the period of Executive s employment with Teradyne, except for an individual whose employment with Teradyne has been terminated for a period of six months or longer; or

c) 
 Either alone or in association with others, solicit, divert or take away, or attempt to divert or to take away,
the business or patronage of any client or customer or entity that was a prospective client or customer of Teradyne during the Executive s employment. 
 If any restriction set forth in this Section 4 is found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it extends for
too long a period of time or over too great a range of activities or in too broad a geographic area, the parties agree that it shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of time, range of activities or geographic area as to which it
may be enforceable. The Executive acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 4 are necessary for the protection of
the business and goodwill of Teradyne and are considered by the Executive to be reasonable for such purpose. The Executive agrees that any breach of this Section 4 will cause Teradyne irreparable harm and therefore, in the event of any such
breach, in addition to such other remedies that may be available, Teradyne shall have the right to seek equitable and/or injunctive relief. The Executive acknowledges and understands that he may rescind his acceptance of the terms of this Agreement,
including his agreement to be bound by the restrictions in this Section 4, for a period of seven (7) business days after his acceptance. 
 The geographic scope of this Section 4 shall extend to anywhere Teradyne or any of its subsidiaries is doing business, has done business
or has plans to do business as of the Retirement Date. The Executive agrees that during the
 Non-Competition Period, he will make reasonable, good faith efforts to give written notice to Teradyne of each new business activity he plans to undertake, at least (5) business days prior to beginning
any such activity. If the Executive violates the provisions of this Section 4, Teradyne shall be entitled to discontinue any
continued vesting per Section 1 above and Executive shall continue to be bound by the restrictions set forth in this Section 4 for an additional period of time equal to the duration of the violation, such additional period not to exceed 24
months. 5. Deferred Compensation/Section 409A. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on the Retirement Date the Executive is a specified employee, as
defined below, any and all amounts payable under this Agreement 
 3 

on account of such separation from service that would (but for this provision) be payable within six (6) months following such separation from service, shall instead be paid on the next
business day following the expiration of such six (6)-month period or, if earlier, upon the Executive s death; except (A) to the extent of amounts that do not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(b) (including without limitation by reason of the safe harbor set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), as determined by the Company); (B) benefits
which qualify as excepted welfare benefits pursuant to Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5); or (C) other amounts or benefits that are not subject to the requirements of Section 409A of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to termination
of employment and correlative phrases shall be construed to require a separation from service (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury regulations after giving effect to the
presumptions contained therein), if required to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code, and the term specified employee means an individual determined by the Company to be a specified employee under Treasury
regulation Section 1.409A-1(i). For purposes of this Agreement, each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A of
the Code and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 
 This Agreement, including the continued vesting and settlement of the Executive s equity awards hereunder, is intended to comply with, or
be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A and regulations there under and the Agreement shall, to the extent practicable, be construed and administered in accordance therewith. Terms defined in the Agreement shall have the meanings given
such terms under Section 409A of the Code if and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code. In any event, Teradyne makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to the Executive or any other person
if any provisions of or payments under this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but not to satisfy the conditions of that section. 
 6. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution . 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and this Agreement
shall be deemed to be performable in Massachusetts. The Executive and the Company agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration before a single
arbitrator, except that the parties may seek equitable relief in court to preserve the status quo pending final resolution in arbitration. The arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution rules of the American
Arbitration Association AAA pertaining at the time the dispute arises. The parties agree that such arbitration shall take place at the offices of the AAA in Boston, Massachusetts. In such arbitration proceedings, the arbitrator shall
have the discretion, to be exercised in accordance with applicable law, to award any damages permitted by law, and to allocate among the parties the arbitrator s fees, tribunal and other administrative and litigation costs and, to the
prevailing party, reasonable attorneys fees. The award of the arbitrator may be confirmed before and entered as a judgment of any court having jurisdiction of the parties. 
 4 

7. Severability . 
 In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement for any reason shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in
any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement and this Agreement shall be construed to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
 8. Waivers and Modifications . 
 This Agreement may be modified, and the rights, remedies and obligations contained in any provision hereof may be waived, only in accordance
with this Section 8. No waiver by either party of any breach by the other or any provision hereof shall be deemed to be a waiver of any later or other breach thereof or as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement. This Agreement may
not be waived, changed, discharged or terminated orally or by any course of dealing between the parties, but only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought. 
 9. Assignment . 
 This Agreement, and the Executive s and Teradyne s rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Executive or
Teradyne; any purported assignment by the Executive or Teradyne in violation hereof shall be null and void. 
 10. Entire Agreement . 
 This Agreement, including Schedule A and Attachment A , constitutes the entire understanding of the parties relating to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all agreements, written or oral, made prior to the date hereof between the Executive and the Company relating to the subject matter hereof, including the Severance Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
Agreement does not supersede: (a) the attached Release once executed; and (b) the equity award agreements, as modified hereby, between the Company and the Executive. 
 11. Notices . 
 All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered in person or mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
addressed as follows: 

If to Teradyne, to: 
 
 Teradyne, Inc. 

600 Riverpark Drive 

North Reading, MA 01864 

Attention: General Counsel 
 If to the Executive, at the Executive s address in his employment file on record with the Human Resources
Department. 12. Cooperation . 
 The Executive agrees to cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may
be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company. The Executive s full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but 
 5 

not be limited to, being available to meet with Company counsel to prepare for trial or discovery or an administrative hearing or alternative dispute resolution and to act as a witness when
requested by the Company at reasonable times designated by the Company. 13. Return of Property . 
 No later than the Retirement Date, the Executive shall return to the Company all Company property in his possession or control, including all
electronic documents. 14. Non-Disparagement . 
 The Executive understands and agrees that in consideration for the covenants, terms and conditions herein, he shall not make any false,
disparaging or derogatory statements to any third person or entity, including any media outlet, in public or private regarding the Company s directors, officers, executives, agents, or representatives or the Company s business affairs and
financial condition; provided the foregoing shall in no way affect the Executive s obligation to testify truthfully in any legal proceeding. The Company understands and agrees that in consideration for the covenants, terms and conditions
herein, it shall direct its directors and executive officers to not make any false, disparaging or derogatory statements to any third party or entity, including any media outlet, in public or private, regarding the Executive. 
 15. Confidential Information 
 The Executive acknowledges that the information, observations and data (including trade secrets) obtained by him while employed by the Company
concerning the Company or any affiliate are the property of the Company. The Executive agrees that he will not use, publish or disclose, at any time after the Retirement Date or in connection with his Board service, any secret or confidential
information or data concerning any discovery, invention, opportunity, product, design, formula, algorithm or process, or any secret or confidential production, sales or other business information, relating to the Company or any client, subsidiary or
affiliate of the Company which he may have acquired during any period of employment with the Company or any affiliate. The term confidential information shall not include information that is in the public domain at the time of the
disclosure. The Executive further agrees to turn over at or prior to the Retirement Date all tangible forms of such information in his possession or under his control, including drawings, specifications, models, customer lists and other documents
and records as well as all copies and reproductions thereof. Prior to or concurrent with his resignation, the Executive shall reduce to writing and deliver to the Company such information as the Company may reasonably request to the extent that such
information pertains to the business and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and any product or service offered by the Company or its affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) nothing contained in this Agreement
limits, restricts or in any other way affects the Executive s communicating with any governmental agency or entity, or communicating with any official or staff person of a governmental agency or entity, concerning matters relevant to such
governmental agency or entity and (ii) the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for disclosing a trade secret (y) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (z) in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding;
 provided , however , that notwithstanding this immunity from liability, the Executive may be held liable if he unlawfully accesses trade secrets by unauthorized means. 
 6 

16. Change in Control . 
 In the event of a Change in Control (as defined below) during the Non-Competition Period, all of
Executive s outstanding equity grants which remain unvested as of the date of the Change in Control shall automatically become fully vested and exercisable, as applicable, as of the day immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in
Control and all stock options shall remain exercisable for the remainder of the generally applicable term of such option which in all cases is no later than seven (7) years from the respective dates of grant. All awards of performance-based
restricted stock units shall vest at the target level of such awards. If payment or settlement of an equity grant upon a Change in Control would result in adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code, the payment or settlement shall
occur on the regularly scheduled payment or settlement date associated with such award; it being understood that the Executive s rights to such awards shall become non-forfeitable as of such Change in
Control regardless of whether payment or settlement can be made in connection with such event. 1 
 A Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any
consolidation, cash tender offer, reorganization, recapitalization, merger or plan of share exchange following which the holders of capital stock of Teradyne outstanding immediately prior to such transaction hold less than a majority of the combined
voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the combined corporation or ultimate parent thereof immediately after such transaction; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer of all or substantially all of Teradyne s assets;
(iii) the date a majority of the Board of Directors of Teradyne is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment is not endorsed by a majority of the Board of Directors of Teradyne
before the date of appointment or election; or (iv) any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes beneficial owner of 30 or more of the combined
voting power of Teradyne s outstanding voting securities, other than (A) as a result of a consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, merger or plan of share exchange following which the holders of capital stock of Teradyne
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction hold at least a majority of combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the combined corporation or ultimate parent thereof immediately after such transaction, (B) by any trustee
or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of Teradyne, or (C) by a person temporarily acquiring beneficial ownership in its capacity as an underwriter (as defined pursuant to Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended) in connection with a public offering of Teradyne securities. To the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any
acceleration of payment or settlement of any amount or benefit that is subject to Section 409A of the Code unless it also meets the definition of a change in control event under the Treasury regulations under Section 409A of
the Code. 17. Executive s Death . 
 In the event of Executive s death during the Non-Competition Period, all of Executive s
outstanding equity grants which remain unvested as of the date of his death shall automatically become fully vested and exercisable, as applicable, and all stock options shall remain exercisable for the remainder of the generally applicable term of
such option which in all cases is no later than seven (7) years from the respective dates of grant. 
 
 7 

18. Release of the Company s Claims 
 In consideration for, among other terms, the Executive s signing of the Release attached as Attachment A , the
Company voluntarily releases and forever discharges the Executive generally from all claims that, as of the date when the Company signs this Agreement, the Company has, ever had, now claims to have or ever claimed to have had against the Executive,
including, without limitation, all claims relating to the Executive s employment by and retirement from the Company; provided that the Company does not release the Executive from: (a) any criminal offenses; (b) any claim for breach of
fiduciary duty; (c) any claim related to violation of securities laws; and (d) any civil claim that is based on conduct that also satisfies the elements of a criminal offense, such as a civil claim for fraud (the Excepted
Claims ). The Company has no knowledge or reason to believe that the Company has any Excepted Claims against the Executive. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. This Agreement will become effective upon the expiration of the seventh business day following the date of Executive s execution, provided the Executive does not
first rescind his acceptance. 

TERADYNE, INC. 

MARK E. JAGIELA 

By: 
 
 /s/ Charles J. Gray 

/s/ Mark E. Jagiela 
 
 Name: 
 
 Charles J. Gray 

Date: January 31, 2023 
 
 Title: 
 
 VP, General Counsel and Secretary 

Date: 
 
 January 31, 2023 

8 

SCHEDULE A 
 (Outstanding Equity Grants as of Retirement Date) 

Product Type Name 
 
 Plan Name 
 
 Plan ID 

Product ID 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Grant Price 

Participant Name 
 
 QTY - Granted 

QTY - Vested 

QTY - Unvested 

QTY - Exercised / Distributed 
 
 QTY - Outstanding 

Restricted Units 
 
 TERADYNE PERFORMANCE RSU 

TERPR 

2006PBIT21 
 
 1/29/2021 

0 

JAGIELA, MARK E E. 

17977 

0 

17977 

0 

17977 

Restricted Units 
 
 TERADYNE PERFORMANCE RSU 

TERPR 

2006PBIT22 
 
 1/28/2022 

0 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

21674 

0 

21674 

0 

21674 

Restricted Units 
 
 TERADYNE PERFORMANCE RSU 

TERPR 

2006TSR21 
 
 1/29/2021 

0 

JAGIELA, MARK E E. 

17976 

0 

17976 

0 

17976 

Restricted Units 
 
 TERADYNE PERFORMANCE RSU 

TERPR 

2006TSR22 
 
 1/28/2022 

0 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

21673 

0 

21673 

0 

21673 

Restricted Units 
 
 TERADYNE RESTRICTED STOCK 

TERRU 

2006USRU20 
 
 1/24/2020 

0 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

27046 

0 

6762 

20284 

6762 

Restricted Units 
 
 TERADYNE RESTRICTED STOCK 

TERRU 

2006USRU21 
 
 1/29/2021 

0 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

17977 

0 

8989 

8988 

8989 

Restricted Units 
 
 TERADYNE RESTRICTED STOCK 

TERRU 

2006USRU22 
 
 1/28/2022 

0 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

21674 

0 

16256 

5418 

16256 

Stock Options 
 
 TERADYNE STOCK OPTION PLN 

TEROP 

2006EES018 
 
 1/26/2018 

47.7 

JAGIELA, MARK E E. 

34577 

8645 

0 

25932 

8645 

Stock Options 
 
 TERADYNE STOCK OPTION PLN 

TEROP 

2006EES018 
 
 1/25/2019 

36.75 

JAGIELA, MARK E E. 

48733 

24367 

0 

24366 

24367 

Stock Options 
 
 TERADYNE STOCK OPTION PLN 

TEROP 

2006EES020 
 
 1/24/2020 

72.1 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

31447 

15724 

7862 

7861 

23586 

Stock Options 
 
 TERADYNE STOCK OPTION PLN 

TEROP 

2006EES021 
 
 1/29/2021 

113.48 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

18580 

9290 

9290 

0 

18580 

Stock Options 
 
 TERADYNE STOCK OPTION PLN 

TEROP 

2006EES022 
 
 1/28/2022 

112.12 

JAGlELA, MARK E E. 

20764 

5191 

15573 

0 

20764 

9 

ATTACHMENT A 
 Release In consideration
of the payments and benefits described in the Executive Officer Agreement dated January 31, 2023 between me and Teradyne, Inc. (the Company ), all of which I acknowledge I would not otherwise be entitled to receive, I hereby fully,
forever, irrevocably and unconditionally release, remise and discharge the Company, its successors and assigns and their respective employees, officers, directors, stockholders, corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies and agents (each
in their individual and corporate capacities) (collectively, all of the foregoing, the Released Parties from any and all claims, charges, complaints, demands, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, debts, sums of money, costs,
accounts, reckonings, covenants, contracts, agreements, promises, doings, omissions, damages, executions, obligations, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys fees and costs), of every kind and nature which I ever had or now have
against the Released Parties arising out of my employment with and/or termination or separation from the Company or relating to my relationship as an officer or in any other capacity for the Company, including, but not limited to, all employment
discrimination claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq., the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq., the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C., 12101 et
seq., the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., and the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act., M.G.L. c.151B, 1 et seq., all as amended; all claims arising out of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C.
 1681 et seq., the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ), 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq., the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, M.G.L. c.12 11H and 11I, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, M.G.L. c.93,
 102 and M.G.L. c.214, 1C, the Massachusetts Labor and Industries Act, M.G.L. c.149, 1 et seq., the Massachusetts Privacy Act, M.G.L. c. 214, 1B, the Massachusetts Wage Act, M. G.L. c. 149, 148, and the Massachusetts
Maternity Leave Act, M.G.L. c. 149, 105(d), all as amended; all common law claims including, but not limited to, actions in tort (including fraud, misrepresentation and wrongful discharge), defamation and breach of contract; all claims to any non-vested ownership interest in the Company, contractual or otherwise, including but not limited to claims to stock or stock options; and any claim or damage arising out of my employment with, termination or
separation from the Company (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company agrees
and hereby acknowledges that this Release is not intended to and does not (i) apply to any claims I may bring to enforce the terms of the Executive Officer Agreement, (ii) release the Company of any obligation it may have pursuant to a
written agreement, the Company s articles of organization or bylaws, or as mandated by statute to indemnify me as an officer of the Company; and (iii) release the Company of any obligation to provide and/or pay benefits to me or my estate,
conservator or designated beneficiary(ies) under and in accordance with the terms of any applicable Company benefit plan and/or program; provided further, that nothing in this Release prevents me from filing, cooperating with, or participating in
any proceeding before the EEOC or a state Fair Employment Practices Agency (except that I waive my right to recover monetary damages or other individual relief in any charge, investigation or proceeding or any related complaint or lawsuit filed by
me or by anyone on my behalf). Waiver of Rights and Claims Under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967: Because I am 40 years of
age or older, I have been informed that I have or may have specific rights and/or claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and I agree that: 
 in consideration for the payments and benefits described in the Executive Officer Agreement, which I am not otherwise entitled to receive, I specifically
and voluntarily waive such rights and/or claims under the ADEA I might have against the Released Parties to the extent such rights and/or claims arose prior to the date this Release was executed; 
 I understand that rights or claims under the ADEA which may arise after the date this Release is executed are not waived by me; 
 10 

I was advised that I have at least 21 days within which to consider the terms of this Release and to
consult with or seek advice from an attorney of my choice or any other person of my choosing prior to executing this Release; I have carefully
read and fully understand all of the provisions of this Release, and I knowingly and voluntarily agree to all of the terms set forth in this Release; and 
 In entering into this Release, I am not relying on any representation, promise or inducement made by the Company or its attorneys with the exception of
those promises described in this document. Period for Review and Consideration: 
 I acknowledge that I was informed and understand that I have twenty-one (21) days to review this
Release and consider its terms before signing it. The 21-day review period will not be affected
or extended by any revisions, whether material or immaterial, that might be made to this Release. Accord and Satisfaction 
 The amounts set forth in the Executive Officer Agreement shall be complete and unconditional payment, settlement, accord and/or satisfaction
with respect to all obligations and liabilities of the Released Parties to me, including, without limitation, all claims for back wages, salary, vacation pay, draws, incentive pay, bonuses, cash awards, equity awards, commissions, severance pay,
reimbursement of expenses, any and all other forms of compensation or benefits, attorney s fees, or other costs or sums. 
 Revocation Period I may
revoke this Release at any time during the seven-day period immediately following my execution hereof. As a result, this Release shall not become effective or enforceable and the Company shall have no
obligation to make any payments or provide any benefits described herein until the seven-day revocation period has expired. In order to revoke the Release, you must submit a written notice of revocation to
Charles Gray, General Counsel located at 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, MA 01864. This written notice may be sent by mail, email or hand-delivery, but must be received by Mr. Gray no later than the close of business on the seventh day.

Name: /s/ Mark E. Jagiela 
 
 Date: January 31, 2023 
 
 11 

IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO USE THE 21-DAY PERIOD, 
 PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW AND SIGN THIS DOCUMENT 
 I, Mark Jagiela, acknowledge that I was informed and understand that I have 21 days within which to consider the attached Release, have been
advised of my right to consult with an attorney regarding such Release and have considered carefully every provision of the Release, and that after having engaged in those actions, I prefer to and have requested that I enter into the Release prior
to the expiration of the 21 day period. 

Dated: January 31, 2023 

Name: /s/ Mark E. Jagiela 
 
 12 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 d414778dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Present Subsidiaries 

Entity Name: 
 
 State or Jurisdiction Of 
 Incorporation 
 
 Percentage of Voting 
 Securities Owned 

Teradyne (Asia) Pte., Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

100 

Teradyne Canada Limited 
 
 Canada 

100 

Teradyne de Costa Rica S.R.L. 
 
 Costa Rica 

100 

Teradyne GmbH 
 
 Germany 

100 

Teradyne Holdings Denmark ApS 
 
 Denmark 

100 

Teradyne (India) Engineering Private Ltd. 
 
 India 

100 

Teradyne International Holdings B.V. 
 
 The Netherlands 

100 

Teradyne International UK Holdings Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

100 

Teradyne Israel Limited 
 
 Israel 

100 

Teradyne Italia SrL 
 
 Italy 

100 

Teradyne K.K. 
 
 Japan 

100 

Teradyne Korea Ltd. 
 
 Korea 

100 

Teradyne Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

100 

Teradyne Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 
 Malaysia 

100 

Teradyne Philippines Limited 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Teradyne Robotics Holdings Denmark ApS 
 
 Denmark 

100 

Teradyne SAS 
 
 France 

100 

Teradyne (Shanghai) Co., Ltd 
 
 Peoples Republic of China 

100 

Teradyne Taiwan LLC 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Teradyne Thailand Limited 
 
 Delaware 

100 

GenRad, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Herco Technology Corp. 
 
 California 

100 

P.L.S.T., Inc. (f/k/a Perception Laminates, Inc.) 
 
 California 

100 

Eagle Test Systems, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Nextest Systems Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Lemsys SA 
 
 Switzerland 

100 

LitePoint Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

100 

LitePoint Europe A/S 
 
 Denmark 

100 

LitePoint Technology Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

100 

LitePoint Technology (Shanghai) Company Ltd. 
 
 Peoples Republic of China 

100 

LitePoint Vietnam Limited 
 
 Socialist Republic of Vietnam 

100 

Mobile Industrial Robots A/S 
 
 Denmark 

100 

Mobile Industrial Robots, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Mobile Industrial Robots GmbH 
 
 Germany 

100 

MiR Robots S.L. 
 
 Spain 

100 

MiR Robots (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 
 Peoples Republic of China 

100 

Universal Robots A/S 
 
 Denmark 

100 

Universal Robots (Spain) S.L. 
 
 Spain 

100 

Universal Robots (India) Pte. Ltd. 
 
 India 

100 

Universal Robots (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 
 Peoples Republic of China 

100 

Universal Robots (USA), Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Universal Robots (Germany) GmbH 
 
 Germany 

100 

Universal Robots Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

100 

Universal Robots (UK) Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

100 

UR Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 
 People Republic of China 

100 

AutoGuide, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

100 

Indirect subsidiaries whose voting securities are 100 controlled by Teradyne, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 d414778dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-256136; 333-188824; 333-159723; 333-143231; 
 333-134519; 333-116632; 333-101983; 333-68074; 
 333-56373; and 333-07177) of Teradyne, Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 d414778dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS I, Gregory
Smith, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Teradyne, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ GREGORY SMITH 

Gregory Smith 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 d414778dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 I, Sanjay Mehta, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Teradyne, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 22, 2023 

By: 
 
 / S / S ANJAY M EHTA 

Sanjay Mehta 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 d414778dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Teradyne, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory Smith, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/S/ GREGORY SMITH 
 
 Gregory Smith 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 d414778dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Teradyne, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sanjay Mehta, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/ S / S ANJAY M EHTA 
 
 Sanjay Mehta 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ter-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ter-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ter-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ter-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

