<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1651958_0001575872-23-000487.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13526449</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125903</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4144372</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6646686</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1086281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1207804</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575872-23-000487.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331153439
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-23-000487
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EOS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001651958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				300873246
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55661
		FILM NUMBER:		23787118

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7F.-1, NO. 162, SEC. 2,
		STREET 2:		ZHONGSHAN N. RD., ZHONGSHAN DIST.
		CITY:			TAIPEI CITY
		STATE:			F5
		ZIP:			10452
		BUSINESS PHONE:		886-2-2586-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7F.-1, NO. 162, SEC. 2,
		STREET 2:		ZHONGSHAN N. RD., ZHONGSHAN DIST.
		CITY:			TAIPEI CITY
		STATE:			F5
		ZIP:			10452

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575872-23-000487.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 eoss-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

EOS INC. 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended , 

or

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Republic of China)

(Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code)

+ -

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock .001 par value

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

x

Smaller reporting company

Emerging Growth Company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was computed by reference to the closing price of the registrant s common stock as quoted on the OTCQB maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. on June 30, 2022 (which was 6.50 per share). For purposes of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

As of March 
 27

 , 2023, there were 

shares of common stock, par value 
 0.001

 issued and outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 6 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 6 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 8 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 
 Item7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 17 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 17 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 
 Item9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 Item9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 Item9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 
 
 Item10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 20 
 Item11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 24 
 Item12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 25 
 Item13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 25 
 Item14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 26 

PART IV 

Item15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 27 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 28 

2 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including: any projections of earnings, revenues or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include the words may, might, will, will likely result, would, should, estimate, intend, continue, believe, expect, plan, project, forecast, anticipate, seek, continue, target or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. The ultimate correctness of these forward-looking statements is dependent upon a number of known and unknown risks and events and is subject to various uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements.

The following important factors, among others, could affect our future results and events, causing those results and events to differ materially from those views expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: our ability to continue as a going concern absent new debt or equity financings; our ability to successfully remediate material weaknesses in our internal controls; our ability to reach research and development milestones as planned and within proposed budgets; our ability to control costs; our ability to successfully implement our expansion strategies; our current reliance on substantial debt financing that we currently are unable to repay in cash; our ability to obtain adequate new financing; our ability to successfully develop PRP, our lead product candidate; our ability to successfully develop and market our technologies; our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection; our ability to recruit employees and directors with accounting and finance expertise; our dependence on third parties for services; our dependence on key executives; the impact of government regulations, including U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations; the impact of any future litigation; the availability of capital; changes in economic, business and competitive conditions; and other risks. Any one or more of such risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on us or the value of our common stock.

All forward-looking statements included in this Form-10-K are made only as of the date of this Annual Report or as of the date indicated. We do not undertake any obligation to, and may not, publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that subsequently occur or which we hereafter become aware of, except as required by law. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time and we cannot predict these events or how they may affect us. When considering these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements contained in this Annual Report and any documents incorporated herein by reference. You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we incorporate by reference into this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.

P ART I

I tem 1. Business.

Description of Business

General Information

EOS Inc. we, us, our, or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 3, 2015. 

On or about November 18, 2016, the Company formed EOS INC. TAIWAN BRANCH, a Taiwanese corporation EITB and the Company owns 100 of EITB.

On May 3, 2017, the Company entered into and closed a Share Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Emperor Star International Trade Co., Ltd., Emperor Star ), to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Emperor Star in consideration of 30,562 in cash. As a result of the transaction, Emperor Star became the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. Upon consummation of the transaction, the Company has assumed the business of Emperor Star and ceased to be a shell company. Yu-Hsiang Chia currently serves as the officer and director of Emperor Star. Emperor Star was incorporated on November 16, 2015 under the laws of Taiwan and is in the business of marketing and distributing various consumer products, including nutrition supplements and skin care products.

Yu-Hsiang Chia currently serves as the officer and director of Emperor Star. On May 26, 2020, EOS Inc. increased its investment in Emperor Star by 134,004 (NTD 4,000,000). The Company also received contributions to Emperor Star from non-controlling interests in the amount of 33,398 (NTD 1,000,000). As a result, the Company owns 83 equity interest of Emperor Star as of June 30, 2020, which is no longer a wholly-owned subsidiary.

On September 20, 2018, the Company set up another wholly-owned subsidiary, EOS International Inc. EOS(BVI) ), under the laws of British Virgin Islands. EOS(BVI) is in the business of marketing and distribution of various products, including nutrition supplements, skin care products, and water purifiers.

On March 1, 2019, EOS(BVI) set up a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Maosong Co., Ltd Maosong ), under the laws of People s Republic of China. Maosong is in the business of marketing and distribution of various products, including nutrition supplements, skin care products, and water purifiers in China.

On June 2, 2020, EOS(BVI) 83.33 owner, and Shanghai Qifan Qiye Management Co., Ltd. Qifan 16.67 owner of Maosong resolute to change the registered capital of Maosong to RMB 1,200,000,000 (1.2 billion) and that EOS to contribute certain Intellectual Property as registered capital of Shanghai Maosong. Intellectual Property owned by EOS International Inc was valued at RMB 1,000,000,000 (1 billion) and Intellectual Property owned by Qifan was valued at RMB 200,000,000 (200 million). 

On July 13, 2021, EOS(BVI), MaoSong, and Qifan entered into a Shareholder Agreement where Qifan (i) delegate its 16.67 equity voting rights, powers, or benefits in Maosong to EOS(BVI); (ii) grant EOS(BVI) an irrevocable, unconditional, exclusive option to purchase Maosong s equity interest; (iii) the right to receive any proceeds from the Maosong s Equity Interest; (iv) pledge its existing or any prospective Maosong equity interest to EOS Int as a result EOS(BVI) retains 100 control of MaoSong and the 16.67 noncontrolling interest are consolidated. 

3 

Corporate Actions

On August 18, 2018 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation in which the Company elected not to be governed by 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, of the Nevada Revised Statutes.

On March 16, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Change to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase its authorized common stock from 75,000,000 to 575,000,000. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders authorized a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-1000 without any change in the par value per share which became effective on April 7, 2021 upon approval by FINRA. 

On August 19, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation to establish a Series A preferred stock. The number of shares designated for the class of stock is 5,000,000 shares. The holders of these shares are entitled to 1,000 votes per each share of Series A stock owned.

Business Overview

We are a distributor of various consumer products. Our goal is to source and bring to our channel partners the most innovative products which aims to improve quality of life, achieve optimal health, and promote green energy. 

In July 2022, we commenced to market, promote and sell the ginsenosides supplements manufactured by Wellhead Biological Technology Corp. Wellhead ), which is headquartered in Taiwan and specializes in 
 ginsenoside
 R D and production. 

Ginsenosides are the active components in ginseng, and Wellhead owns the patented enzymatic degradation technology to manufacture and extract the pure rare ginsenosides which is deemed highly valuable in the space of Chinese medicines and healing. Ginsenosides are used to improve health and boost physical strength.

The ginsenosides supplements that we promote and sell are being named Bodywafer and the products are customized and manufactured specifically for EOS Inc.

We acquire the products from Wellhead and sell directly to our channel partners who will recognize the needs of their target customers in various regions in Asia, such as People s Republic of China PRC ), Singapore and Malaysia. We also provide comprehensive sales training to our channel partners through onsite seminars and online webinars to effectively market our products. 

On March 2, 2020, the Company, A-Best, and Ing-Ming Lai, a Taiwanese individual and the majority shareholder of A-Best (collectively, the Parties entered into a strategic alliance agreement (the Strategic Alliance Agreement ), pursuant to which the Parties redefined their cooperation with respect to the sales and distribution of A-Best s micro-ceramic speakers. In accordance with the Strategic Alliance Agreement, A-Best, Mr. Ing-Ming Lai and the Company terminated the Investment Cooperation Agreement dated January 12, 2019 entered by and among the Parties and as a result the Company agreed to return 20 of the equity interest in A-Best to Mr. Ing-Ming Lai, which was valued at approximately 35,142 by the Parties.

4 

Furthermore, subject to the terms and conditions of the Strategic Alliance Agreement, A-Best has granted the Company the exclusive sale and distribution right of A-Best s micro-ceramic speakers in the world for one (1) year (the Term ), which may be renewed with mutual consent of the Parties two months prior to the expiration of the Term, while A-Best retains its own right to sell and distribute the micro-ceramic speakers on its own. In consideration for the exclusive distribution right of A-Best s speakers under the Strategic Alliance Agreement, the Company agreed to have A-Best keep the Company s 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued under the Investment Cooperation Agreement and the Company may keep the revenue and profits generated from the sale of A-Best speakers until the total revenue from such speakers reaches 15 million U.S. dollars. This Strategic Alliance Agreement contains A-Best s and Mr. Ing-Ming Lai s joint representation regarding their intellectual property rights to A-Best ceramic speakers. 

On March 2, 2020, the Company returned 20 equity interest in A-Best to Mr. Ing-Ming Lai pursuant to the Strategic Alliance Agreement.

On April 12, 2021, the Company, A-Best, and Ing-Ming Lai signed the Termination Agreement, and Mr. Ing-Ming Lai returned the 10,000 EOSS common shares (originally 10,000,000 shares prior to EOS Inc. effecting a one-for-one thousand reverse split of the company stock) to EOS Inc. which was issued under the Investment Cooperation Agreement. 

Investment Cooperation Agreement with AsiaSonic

On August 28, 2021, the Company and AsiaSonic International Industrial Co., LTD. AsiaSonic ), a corporation formed under the laws of Taiwan, ROC, entered into Investment Cooperation Agreement, and Business and Management Agreement, pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions therein, the Company and AsiaSonic shall cooperate in the sales and distribution of AsiaSonic s automotive peripherals and accessories globally by acquisition of Fifty One percent (51 equity interest of AsiaSonic.

In accordance with the Agreements and in consideration for the cooperation, the Company shall issue to AsiaSonic s shareholders and designees One Million Five Hundred Thousand (1,500,000) restricted shares of its common stock in exchange for the equivalent value of Fifty One percent (51 of the total issued shares of AsiaSonic. According to the Agreements, AsiaSonic shall assist and provide training and marketing materials to the Company for the distribution and sale of its products. AsiaSonic shall continue to appoint the officers or managers and be in charge of the business operations; and the Company may appoint a director who is entitled to one vote on the Board meetings or to express consent or dissent on Board resolutions.

On March 30, 2023, the Company and AsiaSonic entered into a Termination Agreement to terminate the Investment Cooperation Agreement and Business and Management Agreement. The decision is made primarily due to additional time required to mutually agree on terms with respect to sales strategies and business operations. 

EMPLOYEES

As of March 27, 2023, we employ nine full-time and no part-time employees. In addition to our employees, we engage key consultants and utilize the services of independent contractors to perform various services on our behalf. Some of our executive officers and directors are engaged in outside business activities that we do not believe conflict with our business. Over time, we may be required to hire additional employees or engage independent contractors to execute various projects that are necessary to grow and develop our business. These decisions will be made by our officers and directors, if and when appropriate.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Our principal executive office is presently located at 4F-1, No.5, Qingdao E. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist., Taipei City 100008 Taiwan (Republic of China). 
 Our telephone number is +8862-2586-8300. Our website is eosinc999.us. Our website s information is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this Annual Report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC.

5 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other documents that we will file with or furnish to the SEC will be available free of charge by sending a written request to our Corporate Secretary at our corporate headquarters. Additionally, the documents we file with the SEC are or will be available free of charge at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Other information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website is www.sec.gov.

I tem 1A. Risk Factors.

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies.

I tem 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

I tem 2. Properties.

We do not own any real property. Our principal executive office is presently located at 4F-1, No.5, Qingdao E. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist., Taipei City 100008 Taiwan (Republic of China). EITB and Emperor Star operate from this Taipei location. Emperor Star and EITB entered into the office leases which commenced on February 6, 2023 and will end on December 31, 2023. The office occupies approximately 2579.78 square feet and the average amount of office rent (including the maintenance fees) is approximately 2,000 per month.

I tem 3. Legal Proceedings.

We are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, or proceeding by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or our subsidiary, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, our subsidiary or of our companies or our subsidiary s officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.

I tem 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable

P ART II

I tem 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol EOSS. There has not been any significant trading to date in the Company s common stock. The table below presents the high and low bid for our common stock for each quarter for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions.

High

Low

Year ended December 31, 2022

1st Quarter

6.50

6.50

2nd Quarter

6.50

6.50

3rd Quarter

7.01

6.50

4th Quarter

10.01

7.01

Year ended December 31, 2021

1st Quarter

4.21

3.75

2nd Quarter

18.00

2.25

3rd Quarter

1.01

1.01

4th Quarter

25.00

25.00

6 

Security Holders

There were approximately 373 holders of record of our common stock as of March 27, 2023.

Common Stock

Each share of our common stock entitles the shareholder one vote on any and all matters such shareholder is entitled to vote at a shareholders annual or special meeting. There are no cumulative voting rights, which mean that the shareholder or shareholders owning 50 of the issued and outstanding shares in our capital stock can elect the entire board of directors. Therefore, any shareholder or shareholders, cumulatively with less than 50 of the voting power, cannot elect any director to the board of directors on their won. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 78.320 of the Nevada Revised Statues (the NRS ), at least a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote must be present, in person or by proxy, at any meeting in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes cast in opposition to the action, provided, however, that directors may be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present at the meeting and entitled to vote. Certain fundamental corporate changes, such as the liquidation and business combination, require the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive rights nor conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock.

Preferred Stock

As of March 27, 2023
 , the outstanding number of shares of our Series A preferred stock was 2,000,000. Each share 
 is entitled to 1,000 votes of common stock without dividend rights. 

Dividends

The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends on a pro rata based on the number of shares held, when and if declared by our Board of Directors, from funds legally available for that purpose. NRS Section 78.288 prohibits us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the normal course of business; or except as may be allowed by our Articles of Incorporation, our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders who may have preferential rights and whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. We do not, however, intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future and currently intend to retain all future earnings to finance our business.

Our shareholders are not entitled to preference as to dividends or interest; pre-emptive rights to purchase new issues of shares; preference upon liquidation; or any other special rights or preferences.

There are no restrictions on dividends under any loan or other financing arrangements.

7 

We paid no dividends on our common stock in the fiscal year of 2022. We do not have a policy of paying regular dividends and do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for our business. The payment of any future dividends on our common stock will be determined by our Board of Directors and will depend on business conditions, our financial earnings and other factors.

Outstanding Stock Options, Warrants and Convertible Securities

We have no outstanding stock options, warrants or convertible securities as of December 31, 2022.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Common Stock

On May 19, 2022, the Company issued 3,601,306 shares of restricted common stock to non-employees, the amount is recorded as deferred (unearned) compensation of 38,534, due to the service has not been started.

On May 19, 2022, the Company issued 115,000 shares of restricted common stock to non-employees as compensation in the amount of 1,231.

On August 18, 2021, the Company completed and closed a series of transactions to reorganize the Company s structure and to develop its business by acquiring certain minority control interest of its subsidiary and intellectual properties. Pursuant to the Intellectual Property Transfer Agreement, the Company to issue 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock to the transferors for the intellectual properties in consideration of the transfer. Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement of Shanghai Maosong Trading Co., Ltd and Equity Pledge Agreements, the Company to issue 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock to the transferors for the minority controlling interests of its subsidiary. Upon completion of the transactions above, EOS International Inc became a wholly controlled subsidiary of the Company.

On July 8, 2021, the Company issued 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.001 per share to convert outstanding debt owed to Co-Innovation Group Limited in the amount of 75,000. 

On July 8, 2021, the Company issued 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock at 0.001 per share to convert outstanding debt owed to World Capital Holding Ltd in the amount of 15,000. 

On April 12, 2021, A-Best, and Mr. Ing-Ming Lai entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate the agreement of Strategic Alliance Agreement dated March 2, 2020. In the agreement, Ing-Ming Lai has proceeded to return a total of 10,000 shares in EOS Inc, back to the Company. 

Warrants

On February 3, 2022, the Company granted the issuance of warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2 per share with an expiration date of December 22, 2027 to a consultant or its designees as compensation. The warrants were fully vested upon issuance.

I tem 6. [Reserved]

8 

I tem 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Forward Looking Statements

Some of the statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements which can be identified by the use of terminology such as estimates, projects, plans, believes, expects, anticipates, intends, or the negative or other variations, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. We urge you to be cautious of the forward-looking statements, that such statements, which are contained in this Form 10-K, reflect our current beliefs with respect to future events and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors affecting our operations, market growth, services, products, and licenses. No assurances can be given regarding the achievement of future results, as actual results may differ materially as a result of the risks we face, and actual events may differ from the assumptions underlying the statements that have been made regarding anticipated events. Factors that may cause actual results, our performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include without limitation:

1.

Our ability to attract and retain management and key employees;

2.

Our ability to generate customer demand for our products;

3.

The intensity of competition; and

4.

General economic conditions.

All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this Form 10-K that are attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given the uncertainties that surround such statements, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

Business Overview

We are a distributor of various consumer products. Our goal is to source and bring to our channel partners the most innovative products which aims to improve quality of life, achieve optimal health, and promote green energy. 

In July 2022, we commenced to market, promote and sell the ginsenosides supplements manufactured by Wellhead Biological Technology Corp. Wellhead ), which is headquartered in Taiwan and specializes in 
 ginsenoside
 R D and production. 

Ginsenosides are the active components in ginseng, and Wellhead owns the patented enzymatic degradation technology to manufacture and extract the pure rare ginsenosides which is deemed highly valuable in the space of Chinese medicines and healing. Ginsenosides are used to improve health and boost physical strength.

The ginsenosides supplements that we promote and sell are being named Bodywafer and the products are customized and manufactured specifically for EOS Inc.

We acquire the products from Wellhead and sell directly to our channel partners who will recognize the needs of their target customers in various regions in Asia, such as People s Republic of China PRC ), Singapore and Malaysia. We also provide comprehensive sales training to our channel partners through onsite seminars and online webinars to effectively market our products. 

Results of Operation

The following presents the consolidated result of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.

Net sales

Net sales were 652,547 for year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 134,060, or 26 , as compared to 518,487 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the increase in sales of nutrition supplement.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales was 365,282 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 52,331 or 17 , as compared to 312,951 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The increase was primarily due to the cost of the variety products sold.

Gross profit

Gross profit was 287,265 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 205,536 for the same period in 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 44 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 40 in the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to the increase in sales of nutrition supplement with higher margin.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of office rent, salary and related costs for personnel and facilities, and professional service fees. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 2,208,876 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 934,260 or 73 , as compared to 1,274,616 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to impairment of security deposits recognized for year ended December 31, 2022.

Income (loss) from operations

Loss from operations was 1,921,611 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to loss from operations of 1,069,080 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 852,531 or 80 . The increase was primarily due to impairment of security deposits.

9 

Other income (expense)

Other expenses were 641 for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting a decrease of 15,252, or 96 , compared to other expenses of 15,893 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to
 
 additional currency exchange 

 gain
 recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 and nil for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Net loss

As a result of the above factors, our net loss was 1,912,159 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net loss of 1,101,565 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 810,594 or 74 . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash and cash equivalents were 18,169 at December 31, 2022 and 24,141 at December 31, 2021. Our total current assets were 425,916 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 2,037,901 at December 31, 2021. Our total current liabilities were 1,266,234 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 792,118 at December 31, 2021.

We had a working deficit of 840,318 on December 31, 2022, compared to the working capital of 1,245,783
 on December 31, 2021. The decrease in working capital was primarily attributable to the decrease in security deposits with an increase in due to shareholders.

Net cash used in operating activities was 164,714 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 194,254
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities in the amount of 29,540 was primary attributable to increase in impairments of assets offset with a decrease in account receivable, increase in net loss and inventory.

Net cash used in investing activities was 19,193 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 352
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was due to the increase in the acquisition of equipment.

Net cash provided by financing activities was 180,146 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 95,271
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash provided by financing activities was due to the proceeds from related party payable and borrowings.

As a result of the above factors, net decrease in cash and cash equivalents was 5,972 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net decrease of 98,341 for the year ended December 31, 2021
.

Going concern

Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital or generate sufficient revenues to fund for our operation. 

The Company requires additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund its operations. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on generating revenues and raising capital to fund its business operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty.

Critical Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements, including the accounts of EOS Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries in Taiwan, British Virgin Islands, and People s Republic of China, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Since the Company and Emperor Star are entities under common control prior to the acquisition of Emperor Star, the transaction is accounted for as a restructuring transaction. All assets and liabilities of Emperor Star were transferred to the Company at their respective carrying amounts on the date of transaction. The Company has recast prior period financial statements to reflect the conveyance of Emperor Star s common shares as if the restructuring transaction had occurred as of the earliest date of the consolidated financial statements. All material intercompany accounts, transactions, and profits have been eliminated in consolidation. The nature of and effects on earnings per share (EPS) of non-recurring intra-entity transactions involving long-term assets and liabilities is not required to be eliminated and EPS amounts have been recast to include the earnings (or losses) of the transferred net assets.

The functional currency of the subsidiaries in Taiwan is the New Taiwan dollars and the subsidiary in People s Republic of China is the Chinese Yuan, or Renminbi; however, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars ). In the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes, , US and U.S. dollars mean United States dollars, NT and NT dollars mean New Taiwan dollars, and RMB means Chinese Yuan, or Renminbi.

10 

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash and all highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less.

Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable are stated at carrying value less estimates made for doubtful receivables. An allowance for impairment of trade receivables is established if the collection of a receivable becomes doubtful. Such receivable becomes doubtful when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables. Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter into bankruptcy or financial reorganization, and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that the receivable is impaired. The amount of the allowance is the difference between the asset s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. An impairment loss is recognized in the statement of income, as are subsequent recoveries of previous impairments.

Inventory

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value (NRV) is defined as estimated selling prices less costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Inventory consists mainly of finished goods held for resale. Cost is determined on a weighted average cost method. The Company periodically reviews the age and turnover of its inventory to determine whether any inventory has become obsolete or has declined in value, and incurs a charge to operations for known and anticipated inventory obsolescence. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are carried at cost net of accumulated depreciation. Expenditures that improve the functionality of the related asset or extend the useful life are capitalized. When property and equipment is retired or otherwise disposed of, the related gain or loss is included in operating income. Leasehold improvements are depreciated on the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or estimated useful life of the asset. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method, including property and equipment under capital leases, generally over five years. Depreciation expense was 3,257 and 1,887 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Impairment loss was 17,381 and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The Company has adopted Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 360-10, Property, Plant and Equipment ASC 360-10 ). ASC 360-10 requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles held and used by the Company be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment annually or more often if events and circumstances warrant. Events relating to recoverability may include significant unfavourable changes in business conditions, recurring losses, or a forecasted inability to achieve breakeven operating results over an extended period. The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets based upon forecasted undiscounted cash flows. Should impairment in value be indicated, the carrying value of intangible assets will be adjusted, based on estimates of future discounted cash flows resulting from the use and ultimate disposition of the asset. ASC 360-10 also requires assets to be disposed of be reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell. Impairment loss on property and equipment was 17,381 and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

11 

Revenue Recognition

Pursuant to ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines is within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration the Company is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services the Company transfers to the customers. At inception of the contract, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract, determines those that are performance obligations, and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

Merchandise sales: The Company recognizes sales revenues from merchandise sales when customers obtain control of the Company s products, which typically occurs upon delivery to customer. Merchandise sales revenues are recorded at the sales price, or transaction price . 

Software sales: The Company does not develop the software products on its own. When the Company receives a purchase order from the customer, the Company would engage with the third-party software company to customize and develop the software products. The Company recognizes software revenues upon completion of the installation and testing, and transfer the control of the software products to the customer. Software revenues are recorded at the fixed sales price, or transaction price , pursuant to the sales contracts. The Company may also charge the customer maintenance service fees on a straight-line basis over the service period pursuant to the sales contract. The Company concluded that the performance obligation for the maintenance service is distinct. Therefore, such maintenance service revenue can be separated from other elements in the arrangement.

Trade discount and allowances: The Company generally does not provide invoice discounts on product sales to its customers for prompt payment. 

Product returns: The Company generally does not provide customers with the right to return a product for a full or partial refund, a credit, or an exchange for another product. 

To date, product allowance and returns have been minimal and, based on its experience, the Company believes that returns of its products will continue to be minimal. 

Since COVID-19 pandemic hit globally in 2020 and throughout first three quarters of financial year ended December 31, 2021, management assessed that the market conditions that it operated in was worsening. Credit risk on customers was determined to have deteriorated significantly as the majority of its customers were located in the PRC. Accordingly, management took the position that revenue would only be recognized when the consideration is received as to satisfy revenue recognition criteria related to reasonable certainty of collections. 

During the fourth quarter of financial year ended December 31, 2021, the Covid pandemic was effectively controlled in the PRC. Management re-assessed the market conditions and determined that the overall market conditions were improving, and the Company s collection history in the prior three quarters was positive, and in fourth quarter of 2021 reached sustainable recovery rate comparable to pre-COVID-19 environment. Accordingly, management decided that due to the improved conditions collection is now reasonably certain, and revenue is now recognized when risk and rewards are transferred to its customers.

12 

Leases

The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach, electing the practical expedient that allows the Company not to restate its comparative periods prior to the adoption of the standard on January 1, 2019. As such, the disclosures required under ASC 842 are not presented for periods before the date of adoption. For the comparative periods prior to adoption, the Company presented the disclosures which were required under ASC 842. 

The new leasing standard requires recognition of leases on the consolidated balance sheets as right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use underlying assets for the lease terms and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the leases. Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value and future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. The Company s future minimum based payments used to determine the Company s lease liabilities mainly include minimum based rent payments. As most of Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

In addition, the adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or cash flows. Operating lease cost is recognized as a single lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Variable lease payments for common area maintenance, property taxes and other operating expenses are recognized as expense in the period when the changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments are based occur.

13 

Advertising Costs 

Advertising costs are expensed at the time such advertising commences. Advertising expenses were 1,966 and 399 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stock-Based Compensation

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under the fair value recognition provisions, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, based on the terms of the awards. The Company calculates the fair value of option grants utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model and estimates the fair value of the stock based upon the estimated fair value of the common stock.

In June 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting ASU 2018-07 ). ASU 2018-07 expands the guidance in ASC 718 to include share-based payments for goods and services to non-employees and generally aligns it with the guidance for share-based payments to employees. In accordance with ASU 2018-07, these stock options and warrants issued as compensation for services provided to the Company are accounted for based upon the fair value of the underlying equity instrument. The fair value of the equity instrument is charged directly to compensation expense and additional-paid-in capital over the period during which services are rendered.

Post-retirement and Post-employment Benefits 

The Company s subsidiaries in Taiwan adopted the government mandated defined contribution plan pursuant to the Taiwan Labor Pension Act (the Act ). Such labor regulations require that the rate of contribution made by an employer to the Labor Pension Fund per month shall not be less than 6 of the worker s monthly salaries. Pursuant to the Act, the Company makes monthly contribution equal to 6 of employees salaries to the employees pension fund. The Company has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. The total amounts for such employee benefits, which were expensed as incurred, were 5,233 and 5,873 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other than the above, the Company does not provide any other post-retirement or post-employment benefits. 

Fair Value Measurements 

FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements defines fair value for certain financial and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price, maximize the use of observable units and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and related disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:

14 

Level 1 Inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. Valuation of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets that are readily and regularly available.

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.

The carrying values of certain assets and liabilities of the Company, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventory, advance to suppliers, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and due to shareholders, approximate fair value because of to their relatively short maturities. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share

Basic income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents, and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each year. Dilutive shares are excluded the exercise price is greater than the average market price and when the Company incurred a net loss as the inclusion of such shares would have an anti-dilutive effect.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, warrants were excluded as dilutive shares as the Company incurred a net loss.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some or all of any deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

Foreign-currency Transactions

Foreign-currency transactions are recorded in New Taiwan dollars NTD and Renminbi RMB at the rates of exchange in effect when the transactions occur. Gains or losses resulting from the application of different foreign exchange rates when cash in foreign currency is converted into New Taiwan dollars and Renminbi, or when foreign-currency receivables or payables are settled, are credited or charged to income in the year of conversion or settlement. On the balance sheet dates, the balances of foreign-currency assets and liabilities are restated at the prevailing exchange rates and the resulting differences are charged to current income except for those foreign currencies denominated investments in shares of stock where such differences are accounted for as translation adjustments under stockholders equity.

15 

Translation Adjustment

The accounts of the Company s subsidiaries were maintained, and their financial statements were expressed in New Taiwan Dollar NTD and Chinese Yuan, or Renminbi RMB ). Such financial statements were translated into U.S. Dollars or USD in accordance ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters , with the NTD and RMB as the functional currency. According to the Statement, all assets and liabilities are translated at the current exchange rate, common stock and additional paid-in capital are translated at the historical rates, and income statement items are translated at an average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders equity.

Comprehensive Income (loss)

Comprehensive income (loss) includes accumulated foreign currency translation gains and losses. The Company has reported the components of comprehensive income (loss) on its consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income (loss).

Concentration of Credit Risk

Cash and cash equivalents

 : The Company s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The Company places its cash and temporary cash investments in high quality credit institutions in Taiwan, but these investments may be in excess of the insurance limits of Taiwan Central Deposit Insurance Corporation (the TCDIC ). The Company does not enter into financial instruments for hedging, trading or speculative purposes. Concentration of credit risk with respect to trade and notes receivables is limited due to the wide variety of customers and markets in which the Company transacts business, as well as their dispersion across many geographical areas. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately nil and nil in excess of TCDIC insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.

Customers

 : The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and generally requires no collateral. 

16 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. This pronouncement, along with subsequent ASUs issued to clarify provisions of ASU 2016-13, changes the impairment model for most financial assets and will require the use of an expected loss model for instruments measured at amortized cost. Under this model, entities will be required to estimate the lifetime expected credit loss on such instruments and record an allowance to offset the amortized cost basis of the financial asset, resulting in a net presentation of the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. In developing the estimate for lifetime expected credit loss, entities must incorporate historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. On November 19, 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), finalized various effective date delays for private companies, not-for-profit organizations, and certain smaller reporting companies applying the credit losses (CECL), the revised effective date is January 2023.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022.

I tem 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.

I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

17 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 

F-2 

Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7 

F-1 

R EPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of EOS Inc.:

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EOS Inc. together with its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operation and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

Going Concern Uncertainty

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has net losses, negative working capital and accumulated deficit that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Emphasis of Matter

The Company has significant transactions with related parties, which are described in Note 5 to the financial statements. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings may not exist.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

March 31, 2023

F-2 

EOS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

C onsolidated Balance Sheets

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021

December 31,

2022

December 31,

2021

ASSETS

Current Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable

Inventory, net

Advances to suppliers

Security deposits

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total Current Assets

Non-Current Assets

Property, plant and equipment, net

Operating lease right of use asset

Total Non-Current Assets

Total Assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Current Liabilities

Accounts payable

Other payable and accrued expenses

Due to shareholders

Income taxes payable

Other current liabilities

Operating lease liabilities - current

Current portion of long-term loan payables

Total Current Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

Long-term loan payables

Operating lease liabilities - non-current

Total Non-Current Liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

-

-

Shareholders Equity

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

1,500

Common stock par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Additional paid in capital 

Deferred stock compensation

-

Accumulated income (loss)

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total equity attributable to EOS, Inc.

Non-controlling interest

Total Equity

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

F-3 

EOS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

C onsolidated Statements of Operation and Comprehensive Loss

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022,and 202 1

Year ended

December 31,

2022

Year ended

December 31,

2021

Net sales

Cost of sales

Gross profit

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Income (Loss) from operations

Other income (expense)

Interest income (expense)

Other income (expense)

Gain (loss) on investment in equity securities

Total other income (expense)

Loss before income tax provision

Income tax expenses (benefits)

Net Loss

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss):

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests

Net income (loss) attributable to EOS and subsidiaries

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax

Comprehensive loss

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares:

Basic and diluted

F-4 

EOS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

C onsolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Common Stock

Preferred Stock

Deferred

Additional

Accumulated

other

Equity

attributable

Non-

Number of

Shares

Amount

Number of

Shares

Amount

Stock

Compensation

Paid-in

Capital

Retained

Earnings

Comprehensive

Income (Loss)

to

EOS, Inc.

Controlling

interest

Total

Equity

Balance at December 31, 2020

Cancellation of Common Stock

-

-

-

-

-

-

Reverse Stock Split Adjustment

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares Issued for Liability Converted

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares Issued for minority controlling interests of its subsidiary

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Issuance of Preferred Stock to related party

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Net loss

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balance at December 31, 2021

Balance at December 31, 2021

-

Share issued for compensation

-

-

-

-

-

-

Deferred compensation expense relating to issuance of restricted common stock

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Deferred compensation expense relating to issuance of warrant

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Net loss

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balance at December 31, 2022

F-5 

EOS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

C onsolidated Statements of Cash Flows

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Year ended

December 31,

2022

Year ended

December 31,

2021

Cash flows from operating activities

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities

Bad debt expenses

Depreciation 

Amortization of right-of-use asset

Impairments of assets

-

Realized (gain) loss from investment

-

Stock based compensation

-

Changes in assets and liabilities

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable

Decrease (increase) in inventory

Decrease (increase) in advance to suppliers

Decrease (increase) in security deposits and other assets

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable

-

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses

Increase (decrease) in advances from customers

-

Increase (decrease) in income tax payable

Increase (decrease) in operating lease liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities

Purchase of equipment

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities

Repayment to related party

Proceeds from related party

Proceeds from borrowings

-

Repayment to borrowings

Net cash provided by financing activities

Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents

Net decrease of cash and cash equivalents

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

Beginning

Ending

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows

Cash paid during the periods for:

Interest 

-

Income taxes

-

Non-cash financing and investing activities:

Related party debt converted to Common stock

-

Issuance of Common Stock for minority controlling inte rest
s of its sub sidia
ry

-

Issuance of Preferred Stock to related party

-

Deferred compensation expense relating to issuance of restricted common stock

-

Deferred compensation expense relating to issuance of warrant

-

F-6 

EOS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

N OTES TO CONSOLIDAED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in cash. As a result of the Purchase Agreement, Emperor Star became the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. Upon consummation of the transaction, the Company has assumed the business of Emperor Star and ceased to be a shell company.

On September 20, 2018, the Company set up another wholly-owned subsidiary, EOS International Inc. EOS(BVI) ), under the laws of British Virgin Islands. EOS(BVI) is in the business of marketing and distribution of various products, including nutrition supplements, skin care products, and water purifiers.

On March 1, 2019, EOS(BVI) set up a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Maosong Co., Ltd Maosong ), under the laws of People s Republic of China. Maosong is in the business of marketing and distribution of various products, including nutrition supplements, skin care products, and water purifiers in China. As of the date of this report, Maosong has a registered capital of USD , but no capital has actually been paid into Maosong.

On June 2, 2020, EOS(BVI) owner, and Shanghai Qifan Qiye Management Co., Ltd. Qifan owner of Maosong resolute to change the registered capital of Maosong to RMB billion) and that EOS to contribute certain Intellectual Property as registered capital of Shanghai Maosong. Intellectual Property owned by EOS International Inc was valued at RMB billion) and Intellectual Property owned by Qifan was valued at RMB million). 

On July 13, 2021, EOS(BVI), MaoSong, and Qifan entered into a Shareholder Agreement where Qifan (i) delegate its equity voting rights, powers, or benefits in Maosong to EOS(BVI); (ii) grant EOS(BVI) an irrevocable, unconditional, exclusive option to purchase Maosong s equity interest; (iii) the right to receive any proceeds from the Maosong s Equity Interest; (iv) pledge its existing or any prospective Maosong equity interest to EOS Int as a result EOS(BVI) retains 100
 control of MaoSong and the noncontrolling interest are consolidated. 

, including property and equipment under capital leases, generally over five years. Depreciation expense was and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Impairment loss was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Automobile carbon reduction machine

Nutrition supplement

Software

Other materials

Total

For the year ended December 31, 2021:

Water purifier machine

Automobile carbon reduction machine

Nutrition supplement

Software

Total

Total

For the year ended December 31, 2021:

Asia Pacific

Total

and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other than the above, the Company does not provide any other post-retirement or post-employment benefits. 

and in excess of TCDIC insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.

Customers

 : The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and generally requires no collateral. 

of the Company s total revenues.

Customer

Net sales for 
year ended

December 31, 2022

of Total

Accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022

of Total

A

B

C

D

For the year ended December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for more than of the Company s total revenues.

Customer

Net sales 

for 
year ended

December 31, 2021

of Total

Accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2021

of Total

A

B

Suppliers

 : The Company s inventory is purchased from various suppliers
. 

of the Company s total net purchase :

Supplier

Net purchase for
 the 
year ended

December 31, 2022

of Total 

Accounts payable balance as of December 31, 2022

of Total 

A

B

C

For the year ended December 31, 2021, three suppliers accounted for more than of the Company s total net purchase :

Supplier 

Net purchase 

 for year ended
 December 31, 2021

of Total 

Accounts payable balance as of December 31, 2021

of Total

A

B

C

months, photocopier with remaining lease terms of months, and office lease with remaining lease terms of months, respectively. The Company does not have any other leases. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components of its leases as a single lease component. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
 .

Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The discount rate used to calculate present value is incremental borrowing rate or, if available, the rate implicit in the lease. The Company determines the incremental borrowing rate for each lease based primarily on its lease term in Taiwan which is approximately .

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Other Information

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating leases liabilities 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended 

Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) 

Average discount rate operating lease 

Operating lease liabilities

2024

2025

2026 

Total lease payments

Less: Interest 

Total

, before December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has paid and to Shuang Hua, respectively, and are recorded as other long-term assets. Due to Covid-19 in 2020, the Company has not started its business plan with the exclusive copyright and distribution agreement. 
 The amount paid has been fully impaired as of December 31, 2022.

F-15 

and advance outstanding, respectively. The Company has agreed that the outstanding balances bear interest rate and are due upon demand after thirty days of written notice by the director and shareholder. 

On July 8, 2021, the Company issued the shares of common stock to convert owed to Mr. Yang.

Mr. Yang advanced 

to the Company as working capital, and the Company repaid 

to Mr. Yang for the 
 year
 ended D ecem
ber 31, 2022.

Mr. Yang advanced to the Company as working capital, and the Company repaid to Mr. Yang for the year ended December 31, 2021.

 term loan was granted to the Company for working capital with repayment period of 60
 months. The term loan is subject to an interest charge at per annum for .

On September 30, 2020, TWD 2,000,000 (approximately term loan was granted to the Company for employee salary with repayment period of 30
 months. The term loan is subject to an interest charge at per annum for .

Loan from Bank of Taiwan 

On May 7, 2021, TWD 4,000,000 (approximately term loan was granted to the Company for employee salary with repayment period of 60 months. The term loan is subject to an
 interest charge at per annum for .

On May 7, 2021, TWD 1,000,000 (approximately term loan was granted to the Company for employee salary with repayment period of 60 months. The term loan is subject to an interest charge at per annum for .

As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the term loan is , of which i
 s due within one year and classified as short term, and is due after one year, and has classified as long term, respectively. 

, of which is due within one year and classified as short term, and is due after one year, and has classified as long term.

Interest expenses were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

shares of Series A Preferred Stock with par value . Each stock is entitled to 1,000 votes of common stock without dividend rights. 

On July 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Co-Innovation Group Limited for proceeds of , the amount is recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital of .

Common Stock

On May 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to non-employees, the amount is recorded as deferred (unearned) compensation of , due to the service has not been started.

On May 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to non-employees as compensation in the amount of .

On August 18, 2021, the Company completed and closed a series of transactions to reorganize the Company s structure and to develop its business by acquiring certain minority control interest of its subsidiary and intellectual properties. Pursuant to the Intellectual Property Transfer Agreement, the Company to issue shares of Common Stock to the transferors for the intellectual properties in consideration of the transfer. Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement of Shanghai Maosong Trading Co., Ltd and Equity Pledge Agreements, the Company to issue shares of Common Stock to the transferors for the minority controlling interests of its subsidiary. Upon completion of the transactions above, EOS International Inc became a wholly controlled subsidiary of the Company.

On July 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of Common Stock at per share to convert outstanding debt owed to Co-Innovation Group Limited in the amount of . 

On July 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of Common Stock at per share to convert outstanding debt owed to World Capital Holding Ltd in the amount of . 

On April 12, 2021, A-Best, and Mr. Ing-Ming Lai entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate the agreement of Strategic Alliance Agreement dated March 2, 2020. In the agreement, Ing-Ming Lai has proceeded to return a total of shares in EOS Inc, back to the Company. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders authorized a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock at a ratio of without any change in the par value per share which became effective on April 7, 2021 upon approval by FINRA. The number of shares and price per share in the financial statements have been retrospectively adjusted accordingly to reflect this reverse stock split. 

On March 16, 2021, the authorized shares of common stock were increased from to shares and the par value remains at . 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share with an expiration date of to a consultant or its designees as compensation. The warrants were fully vested upon issuance.

-

Granted

Exercised

-

Expired

-

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Warrants exercisable at December 31, 2022 

shares of restricted common stock to non-employees, the amount is recorded as deferred (unearned) compensation of 
, due to the service has not been started. The fair value of the shares was determined based on 
 a contemporaneous valuation report
 .

On May 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to non-employees as compensation in the amount of . 
 The shares were fully vested upon issuance as there were no other conditions required for the shares to vest. The fair value of the shares was determined based on a contemporaneous valuation report

Warrants

On February 3, 2022, the Company granted the issuance of warrants 
 to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share with an expiration date of to a consultant or its designees as compensation. The warrants were fully vested upon issuance as there were no other conditions required for the warrants to vest. 

In accordance to ASC 815-40, an equity-linked financial instrument can be classified in equity only if it (1) is indexed to the reporting entity s own stock and (2) meets all other conditions for equity classification. The warrants are classified as equity instruments because a fixed amount of cash is exchanged for a fixed amount of equity.

The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model which requires the input of subjective assumptions, the expected life of the warrants, and the expected stock price volatility. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change and management uses different assumptions, stock-based compensation expense could be materially different for future awards.

N/A

Risk-free interest rate

N/A

Expected volatility

N/A

Dividend yield

N/A

The expected life of the warrants was estimated using the simplified method, as the Company has no historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns for its warrant grants. The simplified method is based on the average of the vesting tranches and the contractual life of each grant. The expected life of awards that vest immediately use the contractual maturity since they are vested when issued. 

For stock price volatility, the Company calculated its expected volatility based on historical closing price of its common stock, par value per share. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury notes with a term approximating the expected life of the warrant at the grant-date.

Stock based compensation were and for the years ended December, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

. No provisions for income taxes have been made as the Company has no taxable income for the period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of 
 
 that may be available to reduce future years taxable income. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements as their realization is determined not likely to occur and, accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. No tax benefit has been realized since a valuation allowance has offset deferred tax asset resulting from the net operating losses.

British Virgin Islands 

EOS International Inc. is incorporated in British Virgin Islands and are not required to pay income tax. 

Taiwan

to and undistributed earning tax decreased from to , effective from January 1, 2018. 

People s Republic of China PRC 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax EIT Law of the PRC, the standard EIT rate is . The PRC subsidiary of the Company is subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate. No provision for income taxes have been made as Maosong had no taxable income as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Taiwan

PRC

Sub total

Deferred income tax

Deferred tax assets for NOL carry-forwards

Valuation allowance

Other adjustments

Net changes in deferred income tax (benefit)

Total income tax provision

The Company has an income tax benefit of 
 which was an 
 adjustment of
 over estimated tax expense from prior year.

Statutory tax rate

Income tax provision

Valuation allowance

Non-taxable income

Other adjustments

Income tax expenses, net

Less: Valuation allowance

Deferred tax assets, net

shares of common stock to Fortune King for the promotional and marketing service of . The shares were issued on December 29, 2020.

The Company recognized the stock-based compensation of marketing expenses based on quarterly basis, with a quarterly marketing expense of . There are 24 quarters in total.

Copyright and Distribution Agreement

On November 21, 2019, the Company and Shuang Hua International Culture Media Co, Ltd. Shuang Hua ), a corporation formed under laws of Taiwan, entered into an exclusive copyright and distribution agreement (the Agreement ), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and condition therein, Shuang Hua granted the Company an exclusive right to produce, market, distribute and sell the bilingual films and electronic books of which the copyrights owned by Shuang Hua. In accordance to the agreement, the Company shall pay Shuang Hua a refundable deposit of in the aggregate amount of , before December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has paid and to Shuang Hua, respectively, and are recorded as other long-term assets. Due to Covid-19 in 2020, the Company has not started its business plan with the exclusive copyright and distribution agreement, and such amount paid has been fully impaired as of December 31, 2022 .

18 

I tem 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures

 .

Definition and Limitations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2020, the end of the year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who is the same person. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, due to our limited internal audit function and our very limited staff, our disclosure controls were not effective as of December 31, 2020, such that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the chief executive officer/chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2018. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. During our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management identified material weaknesses related to (i) our internal audit functions (ii) inadequate levels of review of the financial statements, (iii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting functions and (iv) the absence of any independent directors. Therefore, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022.

Management has determined that our internal controls contain material weaknesses due to the absence of segregation of duties, as well as lack of qualified accounting personnel and excessive reliance on third party consultants for accounting, financial reporting and related activities. The lack of any separation of duties, with the same person, who is our only employee who serves as both chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and who does not have an accounting background and serves on a part-time basis, makes it unlikely that we will be able to implement effective internal controls over financial reporting in the near future.

Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties is not possible. However, to the extent possible, we plan to implement procedures to assure that the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions will be performed by separate individuals if and when we have sufficient income to enable us to hire such individuals, and we cannot give any assurance that we will be able to hire such personnel. Our financial condition makes it difficult for us to implement a system of internal controls over financial reporting.

Until we generate significantly greater revenues and employ accounting personnel, it is doubtful that we will be able implement any system which provides us with any degree of internal controls over financial reporting. Due to the nature of this material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, there is more than a remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to our annual or interim financial statements could not be prevented or detected.

19 

A material weakness (within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of our financial reporting.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that permanently exempted smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement.

I tem 9B. Other Information.

None.

I tem 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

P ART III

I tem 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Director and Executive Officer of the Company

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our current executive officers and directors as of 
 March 27, 2023:

Name

Age

Position

He-Siang Yang

71

Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board

Yu-Cheng Yang

43

Director and General Manager

Lai-Chen Kwok

79

Director

The term of office of each director of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of the Company s stockholders or when such director s successor is elected and qualifies. No date for the next annual meeting of stockholders is specified in the Company s Bylaws or has been fixed by the Board of Directors. The term of office of each officer of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of stockholders, or when such officer s successor is elected and qualifies.

The following information sets forth the background and business experience of our directors and executive officers.

20 

He-Siang Yang, CEO, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director

On April 3, 2017, Mr. Yang was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of the Company.
 From 2009 through 2015, Mr. Yang served as the president of U-Power in Taipei, Taiwan. Mr. Yang performed those duties normally associated with a president, including, but not limited to business development, management and business oversight. From 2015 to the present, Mr. Yang has been the president of EOS Trading Company Limited, a Hong Kong company. 
 From April 2021 to present, Mr. Yang has been the director of Co-Innovation Limited Inc., a British Virgin Island company. Both of these companies 
are in the business of trading of consumer products, including supplements, and green technology-related products. 

Mr. Yang obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from the National Taiwan Ocean University in Taiwan. On April 3, 2017, 

Yu Cheng Yang, Director and General Manager

From 2009 through 2015, Mr. Yang was on the board of directors of and employed as a General Manager of U-Power Co., located in Taipei, Taiwan, which was in the business of developing e-commerce platforms and related server maintenance. Mr. Yang s duties with U-Power Co. were the development, implementation and management of various business policies. Currently, Mr Yang also serves as sole director of EITB. 

In April, 2015, Mr. Yang became the President and sole director of the Company. On April 3, 2017, Mr. Yang resigned as President, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company. Mr. Yang is also the sole director of EITB.

From 2018 through present, serves as the General Manager of Emperor Star
 International Trade Co., Ltd.

Mr. Yang graduated from Jin Wen University of Science and Technology in 2003 with a bachelor s degree in Hotel Management.

Lai Chen Kwok, Director

On April 3, 2017, M
 s
 . Kwok was appointed as a Director of the Company. From 2008 through 2015, Mr. Kwok served as a financial planner at Prudential Hong Kong Limited, a Hong Kong insurance company.

M
 s
 . Kwok obtained a Bachelor of the Arts degree in English from the Overseas Chinese University, a private university in Taiwan.

Employment Agreements

The Company does not have any employment agreements with any of its employees.

Term of Office

The term of office of each director of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of the Company s stockholders or when such director s successor is elected and qualifies. No date for the next annual meeting of stockholders is specified in the Company s Bylaws or has been fixed by the Board of Directors. The term of office of each officer of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of stockholders, or when such officer s successor is elected and qualifies.

Family Relationships

There are no family relationships between or among any of our directors or executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers.

Director Independence

Our board of directors has reviewed the independence of our directors and has determined that we have no independent directors pursuant to Rule 5605(a)(2) of Nasdaq and applicable SEC rules and regulations. In making this determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each of our directors has with us and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence.

21 

Board Committees

Our board of directors has no separately designated committees and our board members carry out the functions of both an audit committee and a compensation committee. We do not have an audit committee financial expert serving on our board of directors. Due to our limited financial resources, we are not in a position to retain an independent director with the qualifications to serve as an audit committee financial expert at this time.

Risk Oversight

Our board of directors will oversee a company-wide approach to risk management. Our board of directors will determine the appropriate risk level for us generally, assess the specific risks faced by us and review the steps taken by management to manage those risks. While our board of directors will have ultimate oversight responsibility for the risk management process, its committees will oversee risk in certain specified areas.

Until we have established our compensation committee of our board of directors, our board of directors will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and arrangements, and the incentives created by the compensation awards it administers. Until we have established our audit committee, our board of directors will oversee management of enterprise risks and financial risks, as well as potential conflicts of interests. Our board of directors will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks associated with the independence of our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

The Company has not adopted a Code of Ethics. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past three years has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of another entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors or the compensation committee. No member of our compensation committee has any other business relationship or affiliation with us other than his or her service as a director.

Nominations to the Board of Directors

General 

 Our directors take a critical role in guiding our strategic direction and oversee the management of the Company. Our board of directors candidates are considered based upon various criteria, such as their broad-based business and professional skills and experiences, a global business and social perspective, concern for the long-term interests of the shareholders, diversity, and personal integrity and judgment. In addition, directors must have time available to devote to our board of directors activities and to enhance their knowledge of our business. Accordingly, we seek to attract and retain highly qualified directors who have sufficient time to attend to their substantial duties and responsibilities to our Company.

No Compensation to Directors.

No director has received any cash or other compensation for serving as a director, and we do not plan to pay any cash or other compensation to any person for serving as a director. Our directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our business. Our Board of Directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf, other than services ordinarily required of a director.

Code of Ethics; Financial Expert

We do not have a Code of Ethics. We do not have a financial expert on our Board of Directors.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Concurrent with having sufficient members and resources, our Board of Directors will establish an audit committee and a compensation committee. The audit committee will review the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by the independent auditors and review and evaluate our system of internal controls. The compensation committee will manage any stock option plan we may establish and review and recommend compensation arrangements for our officers. No final determination has yet been made as to the memberships of these committees or when we will have sufficient members and resources to establish those committees.

22 

Potential Conflicts of Interest

As we do not have an audit committee or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest, in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors.

We plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent.

Term of Office

Each of our directors is appointed to hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his or her respective successor is elected and qualified, or until he or she resigns or is removed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Nevada law. Our officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until removed by our Board of Directors or until their resignation.

Audit Committee Financial Expert

Our current directors act as our audit committee. The current directors are not independent. An informal search is under way to identify a suitable candidate for service on the Board of Directors as an independent director who would be qualified as an audit committee financial expert.

Audit Committee

We have not yet formed an audit committee, and all of our directors currently act as our audit committee. At the present time, we believe that our directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The Company, however, recognizes the importance of good corporate governance and intends to add additional directors to the Board of Directors and appoint an audit committee comprised entirely of independent directors, including at least one financial expert.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, our directors and certain of our officers, and persons holding more than 10 percent of our common stock are required to file forms reporting their beneficial ownership of our common stock and subsequent changes in that ownership with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Based solely upon a review of copies of such forms filed on Forms 3, 4, and 5 furnished to us, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, our executive officers and directors were not in compliance with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Our articles of incorporation provide that no director or officer shall have any liability to the Company if that person acted in good faith and with the same degree of care and skill as a prudent person in similar circumstances.

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers and may indemnify our employees or agents to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities and expenses incurred in connection with litigation in which they may be involved because of their offices or positions with us. However, nothing in our articles of incorporation or bylaws protects or indemnifies a director, officer, employee or agent against any liability to which that person would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of that person s office or position. To the extent that a director has been successful in defense of any proceeding, the Nevada Revised Statutes provide that the director shall be indemnified against reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the proceeding.

23 

I tem 11. Executive Compensation.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE BY THE COMPANY

The following table sets forth the compensation paid or accrued by us to our Executive Officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary

FY 

)

Bonus 

)

Stock Awards

)

Option Awards

)

Non-Equity Incentive

Plan

Compensation

)

Change in Pension

Value and

Nonqualified

Deferred

Compensation

Earnings

)

All Other

Compensation

)

Total 

)

He Siang Yang,

2022

60,459

-

-

-

-

-

60,459
 
 CEO, CFO, President, Secretary,

2021

59,091

-

-

-

-

-

-

59,091
 
 Treasurer, and Director

Yu Cheng Yang,

2022

161,225

6,718

-

-

-

-

-

167,943
 
 Director and General Manager

2021

173,692 

7,163 

-

-

-

-

-

180,855 

Equity Compensation Plans, Bonus Plans

As of December 31, 2022, we had no equity incentive plans outstanding. We have no Compensation Committee.

Pension Benefits

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any defined benefit pension plans. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation

We do not maintain any nonqualified deferred compensation plans.

Debt Securities

We have no debt securities outstanding.

Repurchase Programs

There is currently no share repurchase program pending.

Director Compensation

The directors do not receive any compensation. Directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in attending meetings and carrying out duties as board members.

24 

I tem 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following sets forth information as of March 27, 2023

 regarding the number of shares of our Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person that we know beneficially owns more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors and named executive officer and (iii) all of our directors and named executive officers as a group.

The amounts and percentages of our Common Stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right, and the conversion of preferred stock. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our Common Stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the shareholders listed below is: c/o EOS Inc, 4F-1, No.5, Qingdao E. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist., Taipei City 100008 Taiwan (Republic of China).

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Common Stock Beneficially Owned

Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially owned (1)

Officers and directors as a group

Yu Cheng Yang

30,000

0.02

He Siang Yang

10,000

0.01

Lai Chen Kwok

901

0.00

All officers and directors as a group (3 person)

40,901

0.03

5 or more shareholders

Co-Innovation Group Limited

150,000,000

83.31

World Capital Holding Ltd.

30,000,000

16.66

Total

180,040,901

100

Beneficial ownership percentages are calculated based on shares of common stock issued and outstanding and is based on a total of 

 183,781,560

 shares of common stock that were issued and outstanding as of March 27, 2023.

 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act. The number of shares beneficially owned by a person includes shares of common stock underlying options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of 
 March 27, 2023

 . The shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of those options or warrants are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding those options and warrants but are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite that person s name, subject to community property laws, where applicable, unless otherwise noted in the applicable footnote.

I tem 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Related Party Transactions

Related parties of the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following:

Name of Related Party

Nature of Relationship

Yu Cheng Yang

Majority Shareholder, Director and Officer of the Company

Co-Innovation Group Limited

Company under control of Yu Cheng Yang

World Capital Holding Limited

Company under control by Shanghai Qifan Qiye Management Co., Ltd. s shareholders, former non-controlling interest of the Company

The Company has advanced funds from its directors and shareholders Yu Cheng Yang for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 277,080 and 30,858 advance outstanding, respectively. The Company has agreed that the outstanding balances bear 0 interest rate and are due upon demand after thirty days of written notice by the director and shareholder. 

25 

On July 8, 2021, the Company issued the 90,000,000 shares of common stock to convert 59,219 owed to Mr. Yang.

Mr. Yang advanced 353
 ,000
 
 to the Company as working capital, and the Company repaid 106
 ,778
 
 to Mr. Yang for the years ended December 31, 2022.

Mr. Yang advanced 216,467 to the Company as working capital, and the Company repaid 294,508 to Mr. Yang for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Directors Independence

Our Board of Directors is composed of three members, who do not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ rules. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the directors, not any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our Board of Directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. If our Board of Directors made these determinations, our Board of Directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management.

I tem 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Summary of Principal Accounting Fees for Professional Services Rendered

The Company s Board of Directors reviews and approves audit and permissible non-audit services performed by its independent registered public accounting firm, as well as the fees charged for such services. In its review of non-audit service and its appointment of Onestop Assurance PAC as our independent registered public accounting firm, the Board considered whether the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining independence. The following table shows the fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

Year Ended December 31, 2022

Year Ended December 31, 2021

Audit Fees

45,000

53.000

Audit Related Fees 

-

--- -
- Tax Fees 

-

1,000

All Other Fees 

-

- 

 Total

45,000

54.000

The SEC requires that before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved by our audit committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee s responsibilities to management.

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

We do not have an audit committee. Our Board pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 were reviewed and approved by our Board before the respective services were rendered.

26 

P ART IV

I tem 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)

 Exhibits

The following exhibits are included herewith:

Exhibit Number

Description

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company , filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 3, 2015 (+) 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (1) 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 18, 2015 (+) 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Correction, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on September 28, 2015 (+) 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Change, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on March 16, 2021 (+) 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 7, 2021 (+) 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 19, 2021 (+) 
 10.1 
 
 Termination Agreement, by and between the Company and AsiaSonic Industrial Company Co. LTD, dated March 30, 2023 (+) 
 31.1 /31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (+) 
 32.1 /32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (+) 
 101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

+

 Filed herewith

(1)
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on September 10, 2015.

XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed herewith, is not a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.

I tem 16. 10-K Summary.

Not applicable.

27 

S IGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

EOS Inc.

Dated: 
 March 31, 2023

By:

/s/ He-Siang Yang

He-Siang Yang

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

EOS Inc.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ He-Siang Yang

Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Chairman of the Board

March 31, 2023

He-Siang Yang

/s/ Yu Cheng Yang

Director

March 31, 2023

Yu Cheng Yang

/s/ Lai Chen Kwok

Director

March 31, 2023

Lai Chen Kwok

<EX-3.1>
 2
 pl008_ex3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.3>
 3
 pl008_ex3-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.3

Exhibit 3.3 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-3.4>
 4
 pl008_ex3-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.4

Exhibit 3.4 

</EX-3.4>

<EX-3.5>
 5
 pl008_ex3-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.5

Exhibit 3.5 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-3.6>
 6
 pl008_ex3-6.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.6

Exhibit 3.6 

</EX-3.6>

<EX-3.7>
 7
 pl008_ex3-7.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.7

Exhibit 3.7 

</EX-3.7>

<EX-10.1>
 8
 pl008_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit
10.1 

TERMINATION
AGREEMENT 

THIS TERMINATION AGREEMENT (the agreement is 

BETWEEN: 

 EOS INC, (party A) 

-AND- 

AsiaSonic International Industrial Co.. LTD (party B) 

RECITALS 

A. Whereas,
the Parties entered into two contractual Agreements listed below dated 2021/08/28 (please refer to the attachments for the content of
the contracts) 

1) Investment
Cooperation Agreement (Attachment l) 

2) Management
Agreement (Attachment 2) 

B. Whereas,
the Parties could not come to mutual consensus over sales strategies and business operations, and therefore mutually agreed to terminate
the above two agreements 

C. Whereas,
if the Parties find other opportunities to work together in the future, a separate contract shall set in place 

AGREEMENT 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and other good and valuable consideration hereinafter set forth, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree to terminate the two contractual agreements, and terminate all
prior terms and responsibilities listed in the two contractual agreements. The Parties agree as follows: 

l) TERMS
AND DEFINITION 

The
term termination used in this agreement, unless otherwise stated, shall have the exact meaning and implication as stated
in this agreement 2023 3 30 

2) TERMINATION
 TIME 

By
this contract, the Parties mutually agree to terminate the two contracts effective the 30th day of March 2023 

3) TERMINATION 

l) The
Parties, acknowledge by this agreement, agree to terminate all the rights and responsibilities listed in the two contracts starting from
the effective date of this termination agreement. The Parties guarantee, upon signing of this termination agreement, sha]l not raise
any claims to the four contracts and shall not ask for compensation in any way, including for costs and damages incurred by signing
the termination agreement, through neither legal route nor non-legal route. 

2) All
information including Business Plans, Research and Development information, shall return to the Parties in possession and remain confidential.
Both Patties shall continue to keep those information confidential. 

This
agreement shall be executed in two identical counterparts, and Party A and Party B shall each bear one such counterpart. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 29 th of March 2023 

EOS
INC. 

Authorized
Representative: He Siang Yang 

Address:
4F-I, No.5, Qingdao E. Rd, Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan 

AsiaSonic
International Industrial Co., LTD 

Authorized
Representative: 

Address:
No. 11 , Lane 234, Xin Shu Rd, Xinzhuang District, New Taipei City, Taiwan 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31>
 9
 pl008_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31.1/31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, He-Siang Yang, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year period ended December 31, 2022 of EOS Inc.; 

2 Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3 Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5 The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ He-Siang Yang 

He-Siang Yang 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 pl008_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32.1/32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, He-Siang Yang, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1. 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K of EOS Inc. (the Company for the Annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ He-Siang Yang 

He-Siang Yang 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 39
 eoss-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 40
 eoss-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 41
 eoss-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 42
 eoss-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 43
 eoss-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

