<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_949858_0001564590-23-003800.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14525137</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>618641</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1869514</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5382546</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2250577</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4134534</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-003800.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316163015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-003800
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		IRS NUMBER:				954343413
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-80623
		FILM NUMBER:		23739222

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22722 29TH DR. SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-686-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22722 29TH DR. SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCOGENEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080821

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SONUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950825

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-003800.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 achv-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

achv-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 
 Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , B.C. 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Exchange on Which Registered 

The Capital Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was computed with reference to the price at which the Common Stock was last sold on June 30, 2022. As of March 16, 2023, shares of the registrant s Common Stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: . 

Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 

PART I 

3 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

4 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

26 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

56 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

56 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

56 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

56 

PART II 

57 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

57 

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED 

57 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

58 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

65 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

66 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

96 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

96 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

96 

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

96 

PART III 

97 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

97 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

97 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

97 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

97 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

97 

PART IV 

98 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

98 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

103 

SIGNATURES 

104 

2 

PART I 
 References in this Form 10-K to Achieve Life Sciences, Achieve, the Company, we, us or our refer to Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements related to clinical trials, regulatory approvals, markets for our products, new product development, capital requirements and trends in our business that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include those discussed in Business, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We caution readers that any forward-looking statement is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statement. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, costs and expenses, interest rates, outcome of contingencies, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, business strategies, cost savings, objectives of management and other statements that are not historical facts. You can find many of these statements by looking for words like believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, may, should, will, could, plan, intend or similar expressions in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. Examples of these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to raise additional capital as needed to fund our planned development and commercialization efforts and repay our existing debt 

progress and preliminary and future results of any clinical trials 

anticipated regulatory filings and U.S. Food and Drug Administration responses, recommendations, requirements or additional future clinical trials 

the performance of, and our ability to obtain sufficient supply of cytisinicline in a timely manner from, third-party suppliers and manufacturers 

timing and plans for the expansion of our focus to address other methods of nicotine addiction 

timing and amount of future contractual payments, product revenue and operating expenses 

market acceptance of our products and the estimated potential size of these markets and 

our expectations regarding the impact of the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, including inflation, rising interest rates, increased volatility in the debt and equity markets, global health crises and pandemics and geopolitical conflict, and their potentially material adverse impact on our business and the execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

 These forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from current expectations and projections. Factors that might cause such a difference include those discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors, as well as those discussed elsewhere in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or, in the case of documents referred to or incorporated by reference, the date of those documents. 
 All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable U.S. securities law. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 
 3 

Summary of Risk Factors 
 An investment in our common stock involves various risks, and prospective investors are urged to carefully consider the matters discussed in the section titled Risk Factors prior to making an investment in our common stock. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to material uncertainty and dependent on our success at raising additional capital sufficient to meet our obligations on a timely basis. If we fail to obtain additional financing when needed, we may be unable to complete the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidate. 

We have incurred substantial debt, which could impair our flexibility and access to capital and adversely affect our financial position, and our business would be materially adversely affected if we are unable to service our debt obligations. 

We have incurred losses since inception, have a limited operating history on which to assess our business and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. 

We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 

We are dependent upon a single company for the manufacture and supply of cytisinicline. 

Cytisinicline is currently our sole product candidate and there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize cytisinicline. 

The development of our product candidate is dependent upon securing sufficient quantities of cytisinicline from trees and other plants, which grows outside of the United States in a limited number of locations. 

If we do not obtain the necessary regulatory approvals in the United States and/or other countries, we will not be able to sell cytisinicline. 

Cytisinicline may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial viability of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 

It is difficult to evaluate our current business, predict our future prospects and forecast our financial performance and growth. 

We expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture cytisinicline for use in clinical trials, and we intend to exclusively rely on Sopharma to produce and process cytisinicline, if approved, which may be impacted by the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including the possibility of expanded regional or global conflict and related economic sanctions. 

Our commercialization of cytisinicline could be stopped, delayed or made less profitable if Sopharma fails to obtain approval of government regulators, fails to provide us with sufficient quantities of product, or fails to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 

Sopharma may breach its supply agreement with us and sell cytisinicline into our territories or permit third parties to export cytisinicline into our territories and negatively affect our commercialization efforts of our products in our territories. 

We face substantial competition, and our competitors may discover, develop or commercialize products faster or more successfully than us. 

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to cytisinicline, product compounds and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 

I TEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

 OVERVIEW OF OUR BUSINESS AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company committed to the global development and commercialization of cytisinicline for smoking cessation and nicotine addiction. With more than one billion smokers globally and over 30 million smokers in the United States alone, smoking remains the leading cause of preventable disease and death, responsible for more than eight million deaths annually worldwide. Our primary focus is to address this global epidemic. 
 We also plan to continue expanding our focus to address other methods of nicotine addiction such as e-cigarettes/vaping. The use of e-cigarettes continues to be widespread, with most recent reports from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicating nearly 11 million adult users in the United States alone in 2019. While e-cigarettes have been historically viewed as less harmful than combustible cigarettes, their long-term safety remains controversial. In a recent study that we conducted surveying approximately 500 users of nicotine vaping devices or e-cigarettes, approximately 73 of participants responded that they intend to quit vaping within 
 4 

the next three to 12 months. Of those who intended to quit even sooner, within the next 3 months, more than half stated they would be extremely likely to try a new prescription product to help them do so. We believe that cytisinicline , if approved, could be the first prescription drug indicated for vape and e-cigarette users who are ready to quit their nicotine addiction . 
 Our management team has significant experience in growing emerging companies focused on the development of under-utilized pharmaceutical compounds to meet unmet medical needs. We intend to use this experience to develop and ultimately commercialize cytisinicline either directly or via strategic collaborations. 
 Cytisinicline is an established smoking cessation treatment that has been approved and marketed in Central and Eastern Europe by Sopharma AD, or Sopharma, for over 20 years. We are evaluating an improved dosing and administration of cytisinicline that is expected to improve compliance and outcomes for smokers. We have an exclusive license and supply agreement with Sopharma for the development and commercialization of cytisinicline outside of Sopharma s territories which are predominately located in Central and Eastern Europe. It is estimated that over 20 million people have used Sopharma s cytisinicline product to help treat nicotine addiction, including over 2,700 smokers in investigator-conducted, Phase 3 clinical trials in Europe and New Zealand . 
 Cytisinicline is a naturally occurring, plant-based alkaloid. Cytisinicline is structurally similar to nicotine and has a well-defined, dual-acting mechanism of action that is both agonistic and antagonistic. It is believed to aid in smoking cessation and the treatment of nicotine addiction by interacting with nicotine receptors in the brain by reducing the severity of nicotine withdrawal symptoms through agonistic effects on nicotine receptors and by reducing the reward and satisfaction associated with nicotine through antagonistic properties. 
 In 2018, the U.S. Adopted Names Council adopted cytisinicline as the non-proprietary, or generic, name for the substance also known as cytisine. 
 Cytisinicline Ongoing and Recent Clinical Developments 
 Company-Sponsored Clinical Trials for Smoking Cessation Indication 
 Completed Phase 3 ORCA-2 Trial 
 In April 2022, we announced positive topline results for the Phase 3 ORCA-2 clinical trial. ORCA-2 was initiated in October 2020 and evaluated the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 810 adult smokers at 17 clinical sites in the United States. ORCA-2 participants were randomized to one of three study arms to determine the smoking cessation efficacy and safety profile of cytisinicline when administered for either 6 or 12 weeks, compared to placebo. All subjects received standard behavioral support and were assigned to one of the following groups: 

Arm A: 12 weeks of placebo 

Arm B: 6 weeks of cytisinicline, followed by 6 weeks of placebo 

Arm C: 12 weeks of cytisinicline 

 The ORCA-2 study had two independent primary endpoints that evaluated the success of smoking abstinence for both 6-week and 12-week durations of cytisinicline treatment, compared to placebo. The primary endpoints for ORCA-2 were biochemically verified continuous abstinence measured during the last four weeks of each treatment duration. Both the 6- and 12-week cytisinicline treatments demonstrated significantly better quit rates than placebo at the end of treatment with odds ratios of 8.0 and 6.3, respectively (both p values 0.0001). An odds ratio, or OR, is a statistic that quantifies the strength of the association between two events, for example, cytisinicline treatment and smoking abstinence. Therefore, in this study, the OR represents the odds that smoking abstinence (or quitting) will occur if cytisinicline treatment is given, compared to the odds of quitting smoking if placebo is given (i.e., without cytisinicline treatment). Thus, the overall results indicated that smokers receiving 3 mg cytisinicline TID were six to eight times more likely to stop smoking compared to smokers receiving placebo . 
 5 

Ongoing Phase 3 ORCA-3 Trial 
 In January 2022, we initiated our Phase 3 ORCA-3 clinical trial. ORCA-3 is a confirmatory Phase 3 trial required for registrational approval of cytisinicline in the United States and has the same design as the Phase 3 ORCA-2 trial. The Phase 3 trial will evaluate the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 792 adult smokers at 20 clinical sites. ORCA-3 participants were randomized to one of three study arms to evaluate cytisinicline administered for either 6 or 12 weeks, compared to placebo. All subjects will receive standard behavioral support and will be assigned to one of the following groups: 

Arm A: 12 weeks of placebo 

Arm B: 6 weeks of cytisinicline, followed by 6 weeks of placebo 

Arm C: 12 weeks of cytisinicline 

 The primary outcome measure of success in the ORCA-3 trial is biochemically verified continuous abstinence during the last four weeks of treatment in the 6 and 12-week cytisinicline treatment arms compared with placebo. Each treatment arm will be compared independently to the placebo arm, and the trial will be determined to be successful if either or both of the cytisinicline treatment arms show a statistical benefit compared to placebo. Secondary outcome measures will be conducted to assess continued abstinence rates through six months from the start of study treatment. Last subject dosing occurred in January of 2023, and we expect topline ORCA-3 data results to be reported in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Completed Company-Sponsored Phase 2 Clinical Trial 
 In June 2019, we announced positive top line results for the Phase 2b ORCA-1 trial and defined the dose selection of 3 mg, three times daily, or TID, for our Phase 3 development. ORCA-1 was the first trial in our Ongoing Research of Cytisinicline for Addiction Program, or ORCA Program, that aims to evaluate the effectiveness of cytisinicline for smoking cessation, nicotine addiction therapy, and potential benefit in other indications. 
 ORCA-1 was initiated in October 2018 and evaluated 254 smokers in the United States. The trial evaluated both 1.5 mg and 3 mg doses of cytisinicline on the standard declining titration schedule as well as a more simplified TID dosing schedule, both over 25 days. The trial was randomized and blinded to compare the effectiveness of the cytisinicline doses and schedules to respective placebo groups. Subjects were treated for 25 days, provided behavioral support, and followed up for an additional four weeks to assess continued smoking abstinence after the 25-day treatment. 
 The primary endpoint in the study was the reduction in daily smoking, a self-reported measure. Three of the four cytisinicline treatment arms demonstrated a statistically significant reduction, p 0.05, compared to placebo. The fourth arm trended to significance (p 0.052). Across all treatment arms, over the 25-day treatment period, subjects on cytisinicline experienced a 74-80 median reduction in the number of cigarettes smoked, compared to a 62 reduction in the placebo arms. 
 The secondary endpoint of the trial was a 4-week continuous abstinence rate, which is the relevant endpoint for regulatory approval. All cytisinicline treatment arms showed significant improvements in abstinence rates compared to the placebo arms. Notably, the 3 mg TID cytisinicline arm demonstrated a 50 abstinence rate at week 4, compared to 10 for placebo (p 0.0001) and a continuous abstinence rate, weeks 5 through 8, of 30 for cytisinicline compared to 8 for placebo (p 0.005). Smokers in the 3 mg TID arm had an OR of 5.04 (95 CI: 1.42, 22.32) for continuous abstinence from week 5 to week 8, compared with placebo. In this study, the results indicated that smokers receiving 3 mg cytisinicline TID were five times more likely to stop smoking compared to smokers receiving placebo. 
 At week 4, all four cytisinicline arms demonstrated statistically significant (p 0.05) reductions in expired carbon monoxide, or CO, a biochemical measure of smoking activity. Expired CO levels had declined by a median of 71-80 in the cytisinicline treatment arms, compared to only 38 in the placebo arms. The greater reductions in expired CO levels for the cytisinicline arms versus placebo suggest that placebo-treated subjects may have over-reported their reduction in cigarettes smoked or overcompensated with greater inhalation while smoking fewer cigarettes. 
 Cytisinicline was well-tolerated with no serious adverse effects, or SAEs, reported. The most commonly reported 5 adverse effects, or AEs, across all cytisinicline treatment arms versus placebo arms were abnormal dreams, insomnia, upper respiratory tract infections, and nausea. In the 3 mg TID treatment arm versus placebo arms, the most common AEs were abnormal dreams, insomnia, and constipation (each 6 vs 2 ), upper respiratory tract infections (6 vs 14 ), and nausea (6 vs 10 ), respectively. Compliance with study treatment was greater than 94 across all arms. 
 We presented the ORCA-1 results in September 2019 at the annual European meeting of the Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco, or SRNT, held in Oslo, Norway and the trial results were published in the journal Nicotine and Tobacco Research in April 
 6 

2021. Based on the results of the ORCA-1 trial, we have selected 3 mg TID for Phase 3 development. Overall, the 3 mg dose administered TID demonstrated the best overall safety and efficacy when compared to the 1.5 mg dose or the declining titration schedule evaluated in ORCA-1. At the SRNT European meeting held in September 2021, exploratory analyses were presented that showed cytisinicline treatment had an earlier onset of sustained abstinence compared to placebo and that the cytisinicline TID schedule appeared more effective for achieving sustained abstinence in smokers who had previously failed to quit on varenicline compared to the declining titration schedule . 
 
 In November 2019, we held a type C meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, to review the ORCA-1 results and our revisions to the Phase 3 clinical program using the simplified 3 mg TID dosing schedule. The FDA agreed that the 3 mg TID dosing schedule was acceptable. 
 Other Clinical Trials 
 
 We are conducting two clinical studies required for the NDA: one pharmacokinetics, or PK, study to evaluate for any increased cytisinicline blood levels in subjects who have various levels of renal impairment, and another study to evaluate for any effects of cytisinicline on QT interval prolongation. Plans for both studies, were first discussed with the FDA as part of an end of Phase 2 meeting in 2018, followed by more detailed review and agreement with the FDA during 2022. In addition, we are conducting a final PK study to determine various remaining PK parameters for the 3 mg TID cytisinicline regimen, including the timing of steady state dosing. Results from these studies are anticipated to be available in 2023. 
 
 Company-Sponsored Clinical Trials for an E-cigarette (nicotine vaping) Cessation Indication 
 Ongoing Phase 2 ORCA-V1 Clinical Trial 
 In July 2021, we announced that we were awarded a grant from the National Institute on Drug Abuse, or NIDA, of the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, to evaluate the use of cytisinicline as a treatment for cessation of nicotine e-cigarette use. This initial grant award, in the amount of 320,000, disbursed on August 1, 2021, and was utilized to complete critical regulatory and clinical operational activities, such as protocol finalization, clinical trial site identification, and submission of an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, to the FDA for investigating cytisinicline in nicotine e-cigarette users. In November 2021, we announced that the FDA had completed their review and accepted the IND application to investigate cytisinicline as a cessation treatment in this population. 
 
 In June 2022, following NIDA/NIH review of completed milestones, we announced that we were awarded the next grant funding from NIDA in the amount of approximately 2.5 million and that we initiated the ORCA-V1 Phase 2 Clinical trial. 
 
 ORCA-V1 will evaluate the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 160 adult e-cigarette users at five clinical trial locations in the United States. Participants were randomized to receive cytisinicline or placebo for 12 weeks in combination with standard cessation behavioral support. We announced in February 2023 that the last subject dosed had occurred and that we expect topline ORCA-V1 data results to be reported in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 The full grant award of 2.8 million is expected to cover approximately half of the total ORCA-V1 clinical study costs. The Primary Investigators for the grant are our President and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Cindy Jacobs, and Dr. Nancy Rigotti, Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Director, Tobacco Research and Treatment Center, Massachusetts General Hospital. 
 
 Other Recent Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trials 
 
 In June 2020, we announced the topline results from the independent, investigator-sponsored Phase 3 RAUORA trial. RAUORA was a non-inferiority study comparing cytisinicline to Chantix (varenicline) in M ori (indigenous New Zealanders) and wh nau (family) of M ori. The study was led by Dr. Natalie Walker, Associate Professor at the University of Auckland, and was funded by the Health Research Council of New Zealand. The study enrollment was planned for 2,140 subjects. In total, 1,105 M ori or wh nau expressed interest in participating in the study and a total of 679 were randomized to receive either cytisinicline or varenicline. The average age of participants in the trial was 43 years and approximately 70 of the participants were women. 
 
 The study compared cytisinicline administered on a schedule of 25 days of declining titration followed by twice-daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks with varenicline administered on a schedule of seven days of inclining titration followed by twice-daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was a comparison of biochemically confirmed continuous abstinence rates at six months, and the trial was designed to assess if the two agents were non-inferior to each other. 
 
 7 

The primary endpoint of the non-inferiority trial was to demonstrate that cytisinicline quit rates would be no less than 10 lower than the quit rates for varenicline. Topline results indicated that the RAUORA trial achieved its primary endpoint in showing that cytisinicline plus behavioral support was at least as effective as varenicline plus behavioral support at 6 months. Cytisinicline met the pre-specified non-inferiority endpoint and was trending towards superiority with an Absolute Risk Difference of +4.29 in favor of cytisinicline (95 CI -0.22 to 8.79), demonstrating a 4.29 improvement in quit rates in favor of cytisinicline. Specifically, continuous abstinence rates at 6 months, verified by expired CO, were 12.1 for cytisinicline compared to 7.9 for varenicline. The Relative Risk was 1.55 on an intent-to-treat basis, indicating that subjects in the cytisinicline arm were approximately one and a half times more likely to have quit smoking at 6 months compared to subjects who received varenicline. 
 
 Additionally, significantly fewer overall AEs were reported in cytisinicline-treated subjects (Relative Risk 0.56, 95 CI 0.49 to 0.65, p 0.001). Notably, of the subjects who experienced adverse events, cytisinicline subjects reported significantly less nausea, insomnia and vivid dreams (p 0.05). 
 
 The final RAUORA trial results and additional analyses were presented at the SRNT European Annual Meeting in September 2020 and were published in the journal Addiction in March 2021. Also presented at the SRNT Europe Annual Meeting in September 2020 were results from a preclinical study conducted at the University of Cambridge Department of Biochemistry. The study was designed to examine the in vitro binding characteristics of cytisinicline compared to varenicline at the human 5-HT3 receptor. Using a radioligand antagonist displacement design, the study reported an IC50 of 0.50 mM for cytisinicline and 0.25 M for varenicline, representing a 2000-greater fold agonist binding affinity to the 5-HT3 receptor for varenicline compared to cytisinicline. Agonist activation of 5-HT3 receptors in the brain stem has been shown to induce nausea and vomiting. The data demonstrating the difference in binding potency at the 5-HT3 receptor provide potential rationale for the lower overall incidence of adverse events reported for cytisinicline compared to varenicline. 
 Non-clinical 
 Non-clinical toxicology studies were sponsored by the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health, or NCCIH, a division of the NIH and by the National Cancer Institute, or NCI, to assist in our IND for investigating cytisinicline as a smoking cessation treatment. We filed this IND application for cytisinicline with the FDA in 2017, which included the NCCIH sponsored non-clinical studies. Additional NCCIH and NCI sponsored non-clinical toxicology studies were later submitted in support for initiating our Phase 3 program. 
 Non-clinical toxicology studies that are required for a New Drug Application, or NDA, include two longer-term chronic toxicology studies and two carcinogenicity studies, which were completed as company-sponsored studies and submitted to the FDA. 
 
 OUR PRODUCT CANDIDATE - CYTISINICLINE 
 Overview of Cytisinicline 
 Our product candidate, cytisinicline, is a naturally occurring, plant-based alkaloid. Cytisinicline is structurally similar to nicotine and has a well-defined, dual-acting mechanism of action that is both agonistic and antagonistic. It is believed to aid in smoking cessation and the treatment of nicotine addiction by interacting with nicotine receptors in the brain by reducing the severity of nicotine withdrawal symptoms through agonistic effects on nicotine receptors and by reducing the reward and satisfaction associated with nicotine through antagonistic properties . 
 Cytisinicline is an established smoking cessation treatment that has been approved and marketed in Central and Eastern Europe by Sopharma for over 20 years. We are evaluating an improved dosing and administration of cytisinicline that is expected to improve compliance and outcomes for smokers. We have an exclusive license and supply agreement with Sopharma for the development and commercialization of cytisinicline outside of Sopharma s territories which are predominately located in Central and Eastern Europe. It is estimated that over 20 million people have used Sopharma s cytisinicline product to help treat nicotine addiction, including over 2,700 smokers in investigator-conducted, Phase 3 clinical trials in Europe and New Zealand . 
 Cytisinicline Mechanism of Action 
 Cytisinicline is a partial agonist that binds with high affinity to the alpha-4 beta-2, or 4 2, nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the brain. Through dual-acting partial agonist/partial antagonist activity, cytisinicline is believed to help reduce nicotine cravings, withdrawal symptoms and reward and satisfaction associated with smoking. The 4 2 nicotinic receptor is a well-understood target in addiction. When nicotine binds to this receptor, it causes dopamine to be released in the mid-brain, reinforcing the dopamine reward system. This receptor has been implicated in the development and maintenance of nicotine addiction. Cytisinicline is believed to act as a partial agonist at the 4 2 nicotinic receptor, preventing nicotine from binding and releasing dopamine. 
 8 

Cytisinicline Opportunity 
 
 We have an exclusive license and supply agreement with Sopharma for the development and commercialization of cytisinicline outside of Sopharma s territory, which consists of certain countries in Central and Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, North Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia, as well as Vietnam. We intend to develop and commercialize cytisinicline in the United States, and thereafter to target other markets outside of Sopharma s territory, such as Western Europe, Japan, China, Australasia, Southeast Asia and Latin and South America. 
 We are developing cytisinicline as an aid to smoking cessation and treatment for nicotine addiction to address the limitations of both prescription drugs and of Over-the-Counter, or OTC, products. We believe that a substantial market exists in the United States, European Union, or EU, and the rest of the world for a safe and effective smoking cessation treatment. We believe cytisinicline can serve as a cost-effective alternative to existing treatments, with the potential for better efficacy than nicotine replacement therapies, or NRTs, and a potentially superior side effect profile than existing prescription smoking cessation products. Our goal is to obtain approval from the FDA and from other regulatory agencies for the sale and distribution of cytisinicline in the United States and subsequently to other countries outside of Sopharma s territory. 
 Cytisinicline Clinical Development 
 Non-clinical toxicology studies were sponsored by the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health, or NCCIH, a division of the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, and by the National Cancer Institute, or NCI, to assist in our IND. In June 2017, we filed our IND application for cytisinicline with the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, which included the NCCIH sponsored non-clinical studies. Additional non-clinical reproductive toxicology studies have also been conducted by NCCIH and NCI, with three such studies already submitted to the FDA. 
 Other non-clinical toxicology studies that are required for a New Drug Application, or NDA, include two longer-term chronic toxicology studies and two carcinogenicity studies, which were completed as company-sponsored studies and submitted to the FDA. 
 In August 2017, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical study evaluating the effect of food on the bioavailability of cytisinicline in normal healthy volunteers. We completed the food effect study and announced the results in November of 2017 demonstrating similar bioavailability of cytisinicline in fed and fasted subjects. 
 In October 2017, we initiated a clinical study assessing the repeat-dose pharmacokinetics, or PK, and pharmacodynamics, or PD, effects of 1.5 mg and 3 mg cytisinicline in 26 healthy volunteer smokers when administered over the 25-day declining titration course of treatment as marketed by Sopharma in their territories. Final results were presented at the Annual Meeting of the Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco, or SRNT, in February 2019. All 26 subjects completed the study. Predictable increases in plasma cytisinicline concentrations were observed with increasing unit dosing from 1.5 mg to 3 mg. Smokers in the study were not required to have a designated or predetermined quit date. Overall, subjects had an 80 reduction in cigarettes smoked, 82 reduction in expired CO, and 46 of the subjects achieved biochemically verified smoking abstinence by day 26. Subjects who received 3 mg cytisinicline over the 25 days had a trend for higher smoking abstinence compared to subjects who received 1.5 mg cytisinicline. The AEs observed were mostly mild with transient headaches as the most commonly reported event. No SAEs were observed in the study. 
 In December 2017, we initiated a series of drug metabolism, drug-to-drug interaction, and transporter studies of cytisinicline and results from these studies were announced in June 2018. These studies demonstrated that cytisinicline has no clinically significant interaction with any of the hepatic enzymes commonly responsible for drug metabolism nor clinically significant interaction with drug transporters. This suggests that cytisinicline may be administered with other medications without the need to modify the dose of any co-administered medications. We will continue to evaluate any new FDA guidance on whether additional drug-to-drug interactions studies will be required prior to a future NDA filing. 
 We have met with the FDA to identify the steps required for the approval of cytisinicline. We held an end of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA in May 2018 to review and receive guidance on our Phase 3 clinical program and overall development plans for cytisinicline to support an NDA. This review included submitted results from non-clinical studies, standard drug-to-drug interaction and reproductive/teratogenicity studies. Detailed plans for chronic toxicology, carcinogenicity studies, and additional clinical studies regarding renal impairment, QT interval prolongation, longer term exposure and adequate demonstration of safety and efficacy from our planned randomized, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trials were also discussed. 
 9 

In 2018, Sopharma commercially launched a newly formulated cytisinicline tablet with improved shelf life in their territories. In May 2018, we initiated a study to evaluate the effect of food on the bioavailability of cytisinicline in volunteer smokers using this new formulation and data results were announced in September 2018. The study demonstrated similar bioavailability of cytisinicline in fed and fasted subjects. Cytisinicline was extensively absorbed after oral administration with maximum cytisinicline concentration levels observed in the blood within less than two hours with or without food. Total excretion levels of cytisinicline also remained equivalent in both the fed and fasted states, and the 3 mg dose using this new formulation of cytisinicline was well tolerated . 
 In the third quarter of 2018, the United States Adopted Names Council adopted cytisinicline as the non-proprietary, or generic, name for the substance also known as cytisine. 
 In December 2018, we announced that the FDA agreed with our Initial Pediatric Study Plan, specifically, providing a full waiver for evaluating cytisinicline in a pediatric population. The reasons for the full waiver were based on the low numbers of children smoking under the age of 12 and the logistical difficulties of recruiting treatment-seeking smokers in the adolescent age group. The agreed upon Initial Pediatric Study Plan is expected to be included as part of our future application for marketing approval of cytisinicline. 
 In March 2019, we initiated a clinical trial to assess the dose limiting AEs that would define the maximum tolerated dose, or MTD, for a single administered oral dose of cytisinicline. This study evaluated smokers who received one single dose of cytisinicline. The starting dosage of cytisinicline was 6 mg and was to be increased in separate groups of subjects for each escalated dose level until stopping criteria (based on the occurrence of dose-limiting AEs) were reached. A safety review after each dose level was performed by an independent Data Safety Monitor Committee, or DSMC, before escalation to the next dose level. Six dose levels were pre-planned with 21 mg cytisinicline as the highest dose level. When the MTD was not reached at 21 mg, the study was amended to evaluate doses up to 30 mg, as recommended by the DSMC. At this 30 mg dose, the stopping criteria of serious or severe AEs were still not met, but the DSMC recommended stopping the study since the frequency of gastrointestinal symptoms were approaching an MTD level. The results were reviewed with the FDA, with an agreement that further escalation beyond the single 30 mg dose was not required. This Phase-1 study was a requirement for our future NDA and marketing approval of cytisinicline . It fulfills an FDA requirement to evaluate potential safety issues in the event patients exceed a recommended single dose outside of a clinical trial setting. 
 In June 2019, we announced positive top line results for the Phase 2b ORCA-1 trial and defined the dose selection of 3 mg, three times daily, or TID, for our Phase 3 development. ORCA-1 was the first trial in our ORCA Program that aims to evaluate the effectiveness of cytisinicline for smoking cessation, nicotine addiction, and potential benefit in other indications. 
 ORCA-1 was initiated in October 2018 and evaluated 254 smokers in the United States. The trial evaluated both 1.5 mg and 3 mg doses of cytisinicline on the standard declining titration schedule as well as a more simplified TID dosing schedule, both over 25 days. The trial was randomized and blinded to compare the effectiveness of the cytisinicline doses and schedules to respective placebo groups. Subjects were treated for 25 days, provided behavioral support, and followed up for an additional four weeks to assess continued smoking abstinence after the 25-day treatment. 
 The primary endpoint in the study was the reduction in daily smoking, a self-reported measure. Three of the four cytisinicline treatment arms demonstrated a statistically significant reduction, p 0.05, compared to placebo. The fourth arm trended to significance (p 0.052). Across all treatment arms, over the 25-day treatment period, subjects on cytisinicline experienced a 74-80 median reduction in the number of cigarettes smoked, compared to a 62 reduction in the placebo arms. 
 The secondary endpoint of the trial was a 4-week continuous abstinence rate, which is the relevant endpoint for regulatory approval. All cytisinicline treatment arms showed significant improvements in abstinence rates compared to the placebo arms. Notably, the 3 mg TID cytisinicline arm demonstrated a 54 abstinence rate starting at week 4, compared to 16 for placebo (p 0.0001) and a continuous abstinence rate, weeks 5 through 8, of 30 for cytisinicline compared to 8 for placebo (p 0.005). Participants in the 3 mg TID arm had an OR of 5.04 (95 CI: 1.42, 22.32) for continuous abstinence from week 5 to week 8, compared with placebo indicating that smokers receiving 3 mg cytisinicline TID were five times more likely to stop smoking compared to smokers receiving placebo . 
 At week 4, all four cytisinicline arms demonstrated statistically significant (p 0.05) reductions in expired CO a biochemical measure of smoking activity. Expired CO levels had declined by a median of 71-80 in the cytisinicline treatment arms, compared to only 38 in the placebo arms. The greater reductions in expired CO levels for the cytisinicline arms versus placebo suggest that placebo-treated subjects may have over-reported their reduction in cigarettes smoked or overcompensated with greater inhalation while smoking fewer cigarettes. 
 10 

Cytisinicline was well-tolerated with no S AEs reported. The most commonly reported 5 AEs across all cytisinicline treatment arms versus placebo arms were abnormal dreams, insomnia, upper respiratory tract infections, and nausea. In the 3 mg TID treatment arm versus placebo arms, the most common AEs were abnormal dreams, insomnia, and constipation (each 6 vs 2 ), upper respiratory tract infections (6 vs 14 ), and nausea (6 vs 10 ), respectively. Compliance with study treatment was greater than 94 across all arms. 
 We presented the ORCA-1 results in September 2019 at the annual European meeting of the Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco, or SRNT, held in Oslo, Norway. Based on the results of the ORCA-1 trial, we have selected 3 mg TID for Phase 3 development. Overall, the 3 mg dose administered TID demonstrated the best overall safety and efficacy when compared to other doses and administrations studied in ORCA-1. 
 
 In November 2019, we held a type C meeting with the FDA to review the ORCA-1 results and our revisions to the Phase 3 clinical program using the simplified 3 mg TID dosing schedule. The FDA agreed that the 3 mg TID dosing schedule was acceptable. We also discussed with the FDA timing for the submission of the 13-week interim report from the second ongoing chronic toxicology study to support the longer treatment durations of 6- and 12-weeks in the Phase 3 clinical program. This interim chronic toxicology report was submitted in the second quarter of 2020 to the FDA . 
 
 In June 2020, we announced topline results from the independent, investigator-sponsored Phase 3 RAUORA trial. RAUORA was a non-inferiority study comparing cytisinicline to Chantix (varenicline) in M ori (indigenous New Zealanders) and wh nau (family) of M ori. The study was led by Dr. Natalie Walker, Associate Professor at the University of Auckland, and was funded by the Health Research Council of New Zealand. In total, 1,105 M ori or wh nau expressed interest in participating in the study and a total of 679 were randomized to receive either cytisinicline or varenicline. The average age of participants in the trial was 43 years and approximately 70 of the participants were women. 
 
 The study compared cytisinicline administered on a schedule of 25 days of declining titration followed by twice-daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks with varenicline administered on a schedule of seven days of inclining titration followed by twice-daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was a comparison of biochemically confirmed continuous abstinence rates at 6 months, and the trial was designed to assess if the two agents were non-inferior to each other. 
 
 Topline results indicated that the RAUORA trial achieved statistical significance in showing that cytisinicline plus behavioral support was at least as effective as varenicline plus behavioral support at 6 months. In addition, the trial showed that cytisinicline resulted in significantly fewer reported nausea adverse events as well as significantly fewer overall adverse events when compared to varenicline (p 0.001). 
 
 The final RAUORA trial results and additional analyses were presented at the SRNT European Annual Meeting in September 2020 and were published in the Journal Addiction in 2021. The primary endpoint of the non-inferiority trial was to demonstrate that cytisinicline quit rates would be no less than 10 lower than the quit rates for varenicline. Results showed that cytisinicline met the pre-specified non-inferiority endpoint and was trending towards superiority with an Absolute Risk Difference of +4.29 in favor of cytisinicline (95 CI -0.22 to 8.79), demonstrating a 4.29 improvement in quit rates in favor of cytisinicline. Specifically, continuous abstinence rates at 6 months, verified by exhaled CO, were 12.1 for cytisinicline compared to 7.9 for varenicline. The Relative Risk was 1.55 on an intent-to-treat basis, indicating that subjects in the cytisinicline arm were approximately one and a half times more likely to have quit smoking at 6 months compared to subjects who received varenicline. 
 
 Additionally, significantly fewer overall AEs were reported in cytisinicline-treated subjects (Relative Risk 0.56, 95 CI 0.49 to 0.65, p 0.001), indicating that subjects on cytisinicline were roughly half as likely to experience AEs compared to subjects on varenicline. Notably, of the subjects who experienced adverse events (111 in the cytisinicline arm compared to 138 in the varenicline arm), there was significantly less nausea and vivid dreams on cytisinicline treatment when compared to varenicline treatment. 
 
 Also presented at the SRNT Europe Annual Meeting in September 2020 were results from a preclinical study conducted at the University of Cambridge Department of Biochemistry. The study was designed to examine the in vitro binding characteristics of cytisinicline compared to varenicline at the human 5-HT3 receptor. Using a radioligand antagonist displacement design, the study reported an IC50 of 0.50 mM for cytisinicline and 0.25 M for varenicline, representing a 2000-greater fold agonist binding affinity to the 5-HT3 receptor for varenicline compared to cytisinicline. Agonist activation of 5-HT3 receptors in the brain stem has been shown to induce nausea and vomiting. The data demonstrating the difference in binding potency at the 5-HT3 receptor provide potential rationale for the lower overall incidence of adverse events reported for cytisinicline compared to varenicline. 
 
 11 

In October 2020, we initiated our Phase 3 ORCA-2 clinical trial and in April 2022 announced positive topline results. ORCA-2 evaluated the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 810 adult smokers at 17 clinical sites in the United States. ORCA-2 participants were randomized to one of three study arms to determine the smoking cessation efficacy and safety profile of cytisinicline when administered for either 6 or 12 weeks, compared to placebo. All subjects received standard behavioral support and were assigned to one of the following groups: 

Arm A: 12 weeks of placebo 

Arm B: 6 weeks of cytisinicline, followed by 6 weeks of placebo 

Arm C: 12 weeks of cytisinicline 

 The ORCA-2 study had two independent primary endpoints that evaluated the success of smoking abstinence for both 6-week and 12-week durations of cytisinicline treatment, compared to placebo. The primary endpoints for ORCA-2 were biochemically verified continuous abstinence measured during the last 4 weeks of each treatment duration. Both the 6- and 12-week cytisinicline treatments demonstrated significantly better quit rates than placebo with ORs of 8.0 and 6.3, respectively. 
 In January 2022, we initiated our Phase 3 ORCA-3 clinical trial. ORCA-3 is a confirmatory Phase 3 trial required for registrational approval of cytisinicline in the United States and has the same design as the Phase 3 ORCA-2 trial. The Phase 3 trial will evaluate the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 792 adult smokers at 19 clinical sites. ORCA-3 participants were randomized to one of three study arms to evaluate cytisinicline administered for either 6 or 12 weeks, compared to placebo. All subjects will receive standard behavioral support and will be assigned to one of the following groups: 

Arm A: 12 weeks of placebo 

Arm B: 6 weeks of cytisinicline, followed by 6 weeks of placebo 

Arm C: 12 weeks of cytisinicline 

 The primary outcome measure of success in the ORCA-3 trial is biochemically verified continuous abstinence during the last four weeks of treatment in the 6 and 12-week cytisinicline treatment arms compared with placebo. Each treatment arm will be compared independently to the placebo arm, and the trial will be determined to be successful if either or both of the cytisinicline treatment arms show a statistical benefit compared to placebo. Secondary outcome measures will be conducted to assess continued abstinence rates through six months from the start of study treatment. We expect topline ORCA-3 data results to be reported in the second quarter of 2023. 
 In July 2021, we announced that we were awarded a grant from NIDA, to evaluate the use of cytisinicline as a treatment for cessation of nicotine e-cigarette use. This initial grant award, in the amount of 320,000, commenced on August 1, 2021, and was utilized to complete critical regulatory and clinical operational activities, such as protocol finalization, clinical trial site identification, and submission of an IND application to the FDA for investigating cytisinicline in nicotine e-cigarette users. In November 2021, we announced that the FDA had completed their review and accepted the IND application to investigate cytisinicline as a cessation treatment in this population. 
 
 In June 2022, following NIDA/NIH review of completed milestones, we announced that we were awarded the next grant funding from NIDA in the amount of approximately 2.5 million to conduct the ORCA-V1 Phase 2 Clinical trial. 
 
 Following the funding grant, we announced the initiation of the ORCA-V1 Phase 2 Clinical trial in the same month. 
 
 ORCA-V1 will evaluate the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 160 adult e-cigarette users at five clinical trial locations in the United States. Participants were randomized to receive cytisinicline or placebo for 12 weeks in combination with standard cessation behavioral support. We expect topline ORCA-V1 data results to be reported in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 The full grant award of 2.8 million is expected to cover approximately half of the total ORCA-V1 clinical study costs. The Primary Investigators for the grant are our President and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Cindy Jacobs, and Dr. Nancy Rigotti, Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Director, Tobacco Research and Treatment Center, Massachusetts General Hospital. 
 Completed Cytisinicline Clinical Trials 
 Cytisinicline has been previously tested in more than 2,700 participants during three large, randomized, independent investigator-sponsored Phase 3 clinical trials using Sopharma s product. These trials were conducted according to Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements. The objective of these independent groups was to further define the efficacy and safety of cytisinicline according to 
 12 

GCP standards. Subsequently, we ran the Phase 2b ORCA-1 dose selection trial in 254 smokers in the United States to evaluate the safety and efficacy of alternative cytisinicline dosing and schedules compared to respective placebo groups . 
 Company-Sponsored Phase 3 Clinical Trial 
 Phase 3 ORCA-2 Trial 
 In April 2022, we announced positive topline results for the Phase 3 ORCA-2 clinical trial. ORCA-2 was initiated in October 2020 and evaluated the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 810 adult smokers at 17 clinical sites in the United States. ORCA-2 participants were randomized to one of three study arms to determine the smoking cessation efficacy and safety profile of cytisinicline when administered for either 6 or 12 weeks, compared to placebo. All subjects received standard behavioral support and were assigned to one of the following groups: 

Arm A: 12 weeks of placebo 

Arm B: 6 weeks of cytisinicline, followed by 6 weeks of placebo 

Arm C: 12 weeks of cytisinicline 

 The ORCA-2 study had two independent primary endpoints that evaluated the success of smoking abstinence for both 6-week and 12-week durations of cytisinicline treatment , compared to placebo. The primary endpoints for ORCA-2 were biochemically verified continuous abstinence measured during the last 4 weeks of each treatment duration. Both the 6- and 12-week cytisinicline treatments demonstrated significantly better quit rates than placebo with ORs of 8.0 and 6.3, respectively . 

Subjects who received 12 weeks of cytisinicline treatment had 6.3 times higher odds, or likelihood, to have quit smoking during the last 4 weeks of treatment compared to subjects who received placebo (p 0.0001). The abstinence rate during weeks 9-12 was 32.6 for cytisinicline compared to 7.0 for placebo. 

Subjects who received 6 weeks of cytisinicline treatment had 8.0 times higher odds, or likelihood, to have quit smoking during the last 4 weeks of treatment compared to subjects who received placebo (p 0.0001). The abstinence rate during weeks 3-6 was 25.3 for cytisinicline compared to 4.4 for placebo. 

13 

The secondary endpoints measured continuous abstinence after treatment out to 24 weeks. Both the 6- and 12-week secondary endpoints for continuous abstinence demonstrated significantly better quit rates for cytisinicline treated subjects than placebo. The continuous abstinence rate from week 9 to 24 was 21.1 for the 12-week cytisinicline arm compared to 4.8 for placebo, with an OR of 5.3 (p 0.0001). The continuous abstinence rate from week 3 to 24 was 8.9 for the 6-week cytisinicline arm compared to 2.6 for placebo, with an OR of 3.7 (p 0.0016). 
 A third secondary endpoint compared the two cytisinicline treatment arms and evaluated for an increased risk in relapse from week 6 to week 24 when subjects were switched to placebo during week 6 to week 12 (Arm B) instead of receiving cytisinicline for another 6 weeks during week 6 to week 12 (Arm C). The analysis showed that there was no increased risk of smoking relapse in subjects who had successfully quit smoking by week 3 through week 6 if they received placebo instead of continuing cytisinicline from week 6 to week 12. 
 Cytisinicline was well tolerated with no treatment-related serious adverse events reported. The most commonly reported adverse events (occurring greater than 5 overall in the study) for placebo, 6-week cytisinicline, and 12-week cytisinicline, respectively, were: 

Placebo 
 
 6-Weeks Cytisinicline 
 
 12-Weeks Cytisinicline 

Insomnia 
 
 4.8 
 
 8.6 
 
 9.6 

Abnormal Dreams 
 
 3.0 
 
 8.2 
 
 7.8 

Headaches 
 
 8.1 
 
 6.7 
 
 7.8 

Nausea 
 
 7.4 
 
 5.9 
 
 5.6 

Additional analyses from the ORCA-2 trial were presented at the SRNT annual meeting in March 2023. We expect to submit additional findings for presentation at future medical conferences and are in the process of publishing the ORCA-2 trial results. 
 Company-Sponsored Phase 2 Clinical Trial 
 Phase 2b ORCA-1 Trial 
 We conducted the Phase 2b ORCA-1 dose selection trial, which was initiated in October 2018 and evaluated 254 smokers in the United States. The trial evaluated both 1.5 mg and 3 mg doses of cytisinicline on the standard declining titration schedule as well as a more simplified TID dosing schedule, both over 25 days. The trial was randomized and blinded to compare the effectiveness of the cytisinicline doses and schedules to respective placebo groups. All subjects were treated for 25 days, provided behavioral support, and followed up for an additional four weeks to assess smoking abstinence. 
 The primary endpoint in the study was the reduction in daily smoking, a self-reported measure. Three of the four cytisinicline treatment arms demonstrated a statistically significant reduction, p 0.05, compared to placebo. The fourth arm trended to significance (p 0.052). Across all treatment arms, over the 25-day treatment period, subjects on cytisinicline experienced a 74-80 median reduction in the number of cigarettes smoked, compared to a 62 reduction in the placebo arms. 
 The primary endpoint in the study was the reduction in daily smoking, a self-reported measure. Three of the four cytisinicline treatment arms demonstrated a statistically significant improvement, p 0.05, compared to placebo. The fourth arm trended to significance (p 0.052). Across all treatment arms, over the 25-day treatment period, subjects on cytisinicline experienced a 74-80 median reduction in the number of cigarettes smoked, compared to a 62 reduction in the placebo arms. 
 The secondary endpoint of the trial was a 4-week continuous abstinence rate, which is the relevant endpoint for regulatory approval. All cytisinicline treatment arms showed significant improvements in abstinence rates compared to the placebo arms. Notably, the 3 mg TID cytisinicline arm demonstrated a 50 abstinence rate at week 4, compared to 10 for placebo (p 0.0001) and a continuous abstinence rate, weeks 5 through 8, of 30 for cytisinicline compared to 8 for placebo (p 0.005). Smokers in the 3 mg TID arm had an OR of 5.04 (95 CI: 1.42, 22.32) for continuous abstinence from week 5 to week 8, compared with placebo, meaning, smokers receiving 3 mg cytisinicline TID were five times more likely to stop smoking compared to smokers receiving placebo . 
 At week 4, all four cytisinicline arms demonstrated statistically significant (p 0.05) reductions in expired carbon monoxide, or CO, a biochemical measure of smoking activity. Expired CO levels had declined by a median of 71-80 in the cytisinicline treatment arms, compared to only 38 in the placebo arms. The greater reductions in expired CO levels for the cytisinicline arms versus placebo suggest that placebo-treated subjects may have over-reported their reduction in cigarettes smoked or overcompensated with greater inhalation while smoking fewer cigarettes. 
 14 

Cytisinicline was well-tolerated with no serious adverse effects, or SAEs, reported. The most commonly reported 5 adverse effects , or AEs, across all cytisinicline treatment arms versus placebo arms were abnormal dreams, insomnia, upper respiratory tract infections, and nausea. In the 3 mg TID treatment arm versus placebo arms, the most common AEs were abnormal dreams, insomnia, and constipation (each 6 vs 2 ), upper respiratory tract infections (6 vs 14 ), and nausea (6 vs 10 ), respectively. Compliance with study treatment was greater than 94 across all arms . 
 A summary of AEs reported in subjects in the ORCA-1 trial is included in the table below . 

TID 
 
 Declining Titration 
 
 Pooled 

1.5 mg (n 52) 
 
 3.0 mg (n 50) 
 
 1.5 mg (n 51) 
 
 3.0 mg (n 50) 
 
 Cytisinicline (n 203) 
 
 Placebo (n 51) 

At least 1 AE 
 
 20 (39 
 
 21 (42 
 
 29 (57 
 
 23 (46 
 
 93 (46 
 
 24 (47 

URTI 
 
 5 (10 
 
 3 (6 
 
 3 (6 
 
 2 (4 
 
 13 (6 
 
 7 (14 

Abnormal dreams 
 
 4 (8 
 
 3 (6 
 
 4 (8 
 
 7 (14 
 
 18 (9 
 
 1 (2 

Nausea 
 
 1 (2 
 
 3 (6 
 
 5 (10 
 
 3 (6 
 
 12 (6 
 
 5 (10 

Insomnia 
 
 4 (8 
 
 3 (6 
 
 3 (6 
 
 4 (8 
 
 14 (7 
 
 1 (2 

Headache 
 
 6 (12 
 
 2 (4 
 
 1 (2 
 
 1 (2 
 
 10 (5 
 
 2 (4 

Fatigue 
 
 3 (6 
 
 1 (2 
 
 1 (2 
 
 2 (4 
 
 7 (3 
 
 2 (4 

Constipation 
 
 1 (2 
 
 3 (6 
 
 0 (0 
 
 0 (0 
 
 4 (2 
 
 1 (2 

The outcome of the ORCA-1 trial was the selection of 3 mg TID for Phase 3 development. Overall, the 3 mg dose administered TID demonstrated the best overall safety and efficacy when compared to other doses and administrations studies in ORCA-1. The results from ORCA-1 study were published in the journal Nicotine and Tobacco Research in 2021. 
 15 

Independent Investigator-Sponsored Clinical Trials 
 TASC Trial 
 The Tabex Smoking Cessation, or TASC, trial, was sponsored by the United Kingdom, or U.K., Centre for Tobacco Control Studies and evaluated cytisinicline versus placebo in 740 primarily moderate-to-heavy smokers treated for 25 days in a single center in Warsaw, Poland. The TASC trial was designed as a Real World Evidence trial of cytisinicline that included minimal behavioral support. The primary outcome measure was sustained, biochemically verified smoking abstinence for 12 months after the end of treatment. The TASC trial was conceived by Professor Robert West (Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University College London) and was funded by a grant from the National Prevention Research Initiative, including contributions from Cancer Research U.K., the U.K. Medical Research Council, U.K. Department of Health and others. We, through Sopharma, provided the study drug used in this trial . 
 The results of the TASC trial were published in the New England Journal of Medicine in September 2011. The rate of sustained 12-month abstinence was 8.4 in the cytisinicline arm as compared with 2.4 in the placebo group (p 0.001). These results showed that the cytisinicline arm had an OR of 3.4 for sustained 12-month abstinence (the OR standard measure of association between an exposure (cytisinicline treatment) and an outcome (continuous smoking abstinence) in this study, indicated that smokers receiving cytisinicline were 3.4 times more likely to stop smoking compared to placebo for one year). The rate of sustained 6-month abstinence was 10.0 in the cytisinicline arm as compared with 3.5 in the placebo group (p 0.001). Cytisinicline was well tolerated with a slight but significant increase in combined gastrointestinal AEs (upper abdominal pain, nausea, dyspepsia and dry mouth cytisinicline 51/370 (13.8 and placebo 30/370 (8.1 ). Otherwise, the safety profile of cytisinicline was similar to that of placebo with no other significant differences in the rate of side effects in the two trial arms. 
 A summary of AEs reported in ten or more subjects in the TASC trial is included in the table below . 
 TASC - Adverse Events Reported by 10 or More Study Participants 1) 

Event 

Cytisinicline 
 (N 370) 

Placebo 
 (N 370) 

percent (number) 

Any gastrointestinal event 

13.8 (51) 

8.1 (30) 

Upper abdominal pain 

3.8 (14) 

3.0 (11) 

Nausea 

3.8 (14) 

2.7 (10) 

Dyspepsia 

2.4 (9) 

1.1 (4) 

Dry mouth 

2.2 (8) 

0.5 (2) 

Any psychiatric event 

4.6 (17) 

3.2 (12) 

Dizziness 

2.2 (8) 

1.1 (4) 

Somnolence 

1.6 (6) 

1.1 (4) 

Any nervous system event 

2.7 (10) 

2.4 (9) 

Headache 

1.9 (7) 

2.2 (8) 

Skin and subcutaneous tissue 

1.6 (6) 

1.4 (5) 

(1) 
 
 The incidence of events was analyzed according to the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities System Organ Class, or SOC, categorization and preferred terms. Participants who reported more than one event in a system category were counted only once for the category. SOC categories for other events (those reported by fewer than 10 participants) were as follows: general (five events within cytisine and five with placebo), cardiac (four with cytisine and two with placebo), musculoskeletal and connective tissue (three with cytisine and three with placebo), infections (one with placebo), immune system (one with placebo) and metabolism and nutrition (one with placebo . 

CASCAID Trial 
 The second investigator led Phase 3 trial, the Cytisine As a Smoking Cessation Aid, or CASCAID, non-inferiority trial, was sponsored by the Health Research Council of New Zealand and was an open-label trial that randomized 1,310 adult daily heavy smokers. Patients were randomized to receive either cytisinicline for 25 days or NRT for 8 weeks. Both treatment groups were offered low intensity telephone behavioral support during trial treatment. The primary outcome measure was continuous self-reported abstinence from smoking one month after quit date. The CASCAID trial was conducted by the Health Research Council of New Zealand. We, through Sopharma, provided the cytisinicline in the form of commercial Tabex used in this trial. 
 16 

The results of the CASCAID trial, which were published in the New England Journal of Medicine in December 2014, showed that cytisinicline was superior to NRT for smoking cessation and, specifically, that cytisinicline had an OR of 1.43 for sustained six-month abstinence (the OR standard measure of association between an exposure cytisinicline treatment) and an outcome (continuous smoking abstinence) in this study, indicated that smokers receiving cytisinicline were 1.43 times more likely to stop smoking compared to receiving NRT for six months). The rate of continuous one-month abstinence was 40 in the cytisinicline arm as compared with 31 in the NRT arm (p 0.001). A secondary outcome included the rate of continuous six-month abstinence which was 22 in the cytisinicline arm as compared with 15 in the NRT arm (p 0.002). Cytisinicline was generally well tolerated, although self-reported AEs were slightly higher in the cytisinicline arm compared with the NRT arm. The most frequent AEs for cytisinicline were nausea and vomiting (30/665 (4.6 )) and sleep disorders (28/665 (4.2 )). Reports of these same AEs in the NRT arm were as follows: nausea and vomiting (2/655 (0.3 )) and sleep disorders (2/655 (0.3 ). 
 
 A summary of AEs reported in subjects in the CASCAID trial is included in the table below. 
 CASCAID - Summary of All-Cause Adverse Events 

Event 

Cytisinicline 
 (N 655) 

NRT 
 (N 655) 

percent (number) 

Participants with any adverse event (no.) 

31 (204) 

20 (134) 

Adverse events (no.) 

Any 

44 (288) 

27 (174) 

In those who complied with treatment 1) 

25 (161) 

17 (113) 

In those who did not comply with treatment 

19 (127) 

9 (61) 

Participants with serious adverse event (no.) 

7 (45) 

39 (6 

Serious adverse events (no.) 2)(3) 

9 (56) 

7 (45) 

Deaths 4 

0.2 (1) 

0.2 (1) 

Life-threatening events 

0 

0.2 (1) 5 

Hospitalizations 

3 (18) 

3 (18) 

Otherwise medically important events 

6 (37) 

4 (25) 

Severity of all adverse events (no.) 4) 

Mild 

21 (139) 

12 (78) 

Moderate 

17 (111) 

12 (77) 

Severe 

6 (38) 

3 (19) 

Most frequent adverse events (no.) 5) 

Nausea and vomiting 

5 (30) 

0.3 (2) 

Sleep disorders 

4 (28) 

0.3 (2) 

(1) 
 
 In the cytisinicline group, compliance was defined as having taken 80 or more of the required number of tablets within 1 month after the quit date (i.e., 80 or more tablets). In the NRT group, compliance was defined as having used NRT at 1 week and 1 month after the quit date. It was assumed that participants with missing data were not compliant. 

(2) 
 
 A serious event was defined as death, a life-threatening event, an event requiring hospitalization, or otherwise medically important event (i.e., the event does not belong in any of the other categories but may jeopardize the patient and may require medical or surgical intervention to prevent the occurrence of one or more other serious events). 

(3) 
 
 The categories are mutually exclusive. 

(4) 
 
 The severity of events was not medically verified. 

(5) 
 
 The list of most frequent adverse events excludes signs and symptoms of cold and influenza. Adverse events were categorized in accordance with the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems , Tenth Revision (ICD-10), Australian Modification. 

RAUORA Trial 
 The third investigator led Phase 3 trial was a non-inferiority study comparing cytisinicline to Chantix (varenicline) in M ori (indigenous New Zealanders) and wh nau (family) of M ori. The study was led by Dr. Natalie Walker, Associate Professor at the University of Auckland, and was funded by the Health Research Council of New Zealand. In total, 1,105 M ori or wh nau expressed interest in participating in the study and a total of 679 were randomized to receive either cytisinicline or varenicline. The average age of participants in the trial was 43 years and approximately 70 of the participants were women. 
 
 17 

The study compared cytisinicline administered on a schedule of 25 days of declining titration followed by twice-daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks with varenicline administered on a schedule of seven days of inclining titration followed by twice-daily dosing for a total of 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was a comparison of biochemically confirmed continuous abstinence rates at 6 months, and the trial was designed to assess if the two agents were non-inferior to each other. We, through Sopharma, provided the cytisinicline in the form of commercial Tabex used in this trial. 
 
 Topline results indicated that the RAUORA trial achieved statistical significance in showing that cytisinicline plus behavioral support was at least as effective as varenicline plus behavioral support at 6 months. In addition, the trial showed that cytisinicline resulted in significantly fewer reported nausea adverse events as well as significantly fewer overall adverse events when compared to varenicline (p 0.001). 
 
 The final RAUORA trial results and additional analyses were presented at the SRNT European Annual Meeting in September 2020 and were published in the Journal Addiction in 2021. The primary endpoint of the non-inferiority trial was to demonstrate that cytisinicline quit rates would be no less than 10 lower than the quit rates for varenicline. Results showed that cytisinicline met the pre-specified non-inferiority endpoint and was trending towards superiority with an Absolute Risk Difference of +4.29 in favor of cytisinicline (95 CI -0.22 to 8.79), demonstrating a 4.29 improvement in quit rates in favor of cytisinicline. Specifically, continuous abstinence rates at 6 months, verified by expired CO, were 12.1 for cytisinicline compared to 7.9 for varenicline. The Relative Risk was 1.55 on an intent-to-treat basis, indicating that subjects in the cytisinicline arm were approximately one and a half times more likely to have quit smoking at 6 months compared to subjects who received varenicline. 
 
 Additionally, significantly fewer overall AEs were reported in cytisinicline-treated subjects (Relative Risk 0.56, 95 CI 0.49 to 0.65, p 0.001). Notably, of the subjects who experienced adverse events (111 in the cytisinicline arm compared to 138 in the varenicline arm), there was significantly less nausea and vivid dreams with cytisinicline treatment compared to varenicline treatment. 
 Safety Reporting 
 As cytisinicline has been marketed in Central and Eastern Europe for over 20 years, substantial safety reporting exists for cytisinicline. Sopharma has not reported any new safety signals with cytisinicline and there have not been any changes to the expected benefit or risk of cytisinicline treatment. 
 OVERVIEW OF SMOKING CESSATION MARKET AND TREATMENT OPTIONS 
 Overview of the Tobacco Epidemic 
 Smoking remains the leading cause of preventable death worldwide and in the United States. The World Health Organization, or WHO, estimates that there are approximately 1.3 billion tobacco users globally and that tobacco kills more than 8 million people each year. More than 7 million of those deaths are the result of direct tobacco use, while around 1.2 million are the result of the exposure of non-smokers to second-hand smoke. 
 Cigarette smoking is responsible for more than 480,000 deaths per year in the United States, including more than 41,000 deaths resulting from exposure to second-hand smoke, which equates to about one in five deaths annually, or 1,300 deaths every day. 
 The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, estimates that the annual cost of smoking related illnesses in the United States is more than 300 billion in direct medical care and lost productivity. Over 16 million people in the United States are living with a disease caused by smoking. Among these diseases are cancer, heart disease, stroke, lung diseases, diabetes and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease which includes emphysema and chronic bronchitis. Smoking also increases risk for tuberculosis, certain eye diseases and problems of the immune system, including rheumatoid arthritis. More than 87 of lung cancer deaths, 61 of all pulmonary disease deaths, and 32 of all deaths from coronary heart disease are attributable to smoking and exposure to secondhand smoke according to the CDC. Tobacco smoking is highly addictive, and research suggests that nicotine may be as addictive as heroin, cocaine and alcohol. The CDC estimates that more people in the United States are addicted to nicotine than any other drug and reports that, in 2015, nearly 70 of smokers desired to quit and 55 made an attempt to do so in the prior year. Despite the high number of attempts, fewer than one in ten people are successful in their attempt to quit each year. Additionally, up to 60 of people who quit smoking relapse in the first year . 
 18 

One increasingly popular alternative to smoking is the use of e-cigarettes, or vaping, which deliver liquid nicotine into a mist or vapor which is inhaled. This method of consumption avoids the chemicals that are associated with cigarette smoke but may have other associated health and safety issues. The emerging use of e-cigarettes is contributing to the growing population of people who are addicted to nicotine. 
 According to data from the National Health Interview Survey, published by the CDC in November 2020, it is estimated that nearly 11 million adults in the United States used e-cigarettes in 2019. 
 In a study that we conducted and that was presented at the 2021 SRNT Annual Meeting, surveying approximately 500 users of nicotine vaping devices or e-cigarettes, approximately 73 of participants responded that they intend to quit vaping within the next three to 12 months. Of those who intended to quit even sooner, within the next 3 months, more than half stated they would be extremely likely to try a new prescription product to help them do so. We believe that cytisinicline, if approved, could be the first prescription drug indicated for vape and e-cigarette users who are ready to quit their nicotine addiction. 
 
 Overview of Smoking Cessation Marketplace & Treatments 
 According to DelveInsight s 2020 report Smoking Cessation Market Insights, Epidemiology and Market Forecast , global revenues for prescription smoking cessation therapies are estimated to reach 5.6 billion by 2030. 
 Only two non-nicotine, prescription treatments for smoking cessation are currently available in the United States: varenicline (formerly marketed by Pfizer as Chantix) and bupropion (formerly marketed by GlaxoSmithKline as Zyban). Both are currently available as generic formulations. Varenicline requires a three-month treatment period and bupropion is recommended for a period between seven and 12 weeks. While both have been proven effective in aiding smoking cessation, they are also associated with significant side effects and early discontinuations from treatment. Varenicline s labeling indicates elevated instances of nausea, abnormal dreams, constipation, flatulence, and vomiting may be experienced by varenicline-treated patients compared to placebo-treated patients, and buproprion s product label discloses potential adverse reactions including insomnia, rhinitis, dry mouth, dizziness, nervous disturbance, anxiety, nausea, constipation, arthralgia and seizures. High uptake into the brain combined with activity at off target receptors could be responsible for varenicline s adverse event profile. 
 In June 2021, Pfizer Inc. halted the distribution of Chantix after heightened levels, above the FDA s acceptable daily intake limit, of nitrosamines were found in some lots of Chantix pills. In September 2021, Pfizer announced a nationwide recall in the United States of all lots of Chantix and have also withdrawn the product in other countries around the globe. Prior to market withdrawal and launch of generic Chantix (varenicline), global sales of branded Chantix peaked at 1.1 billion. Of those sales, approximately 75 were attributable to the U.S. market. 
 The vast majority of OTC smoking cessation aids are NRTs. NRTs come in many forms, including gums, lozenges and patches, and have been shown to be less effective than prescription drugs. For example, a Cochrane Group independent database review of nicotine receptor partial agonists published in 2016 compared varenicline with a number of NRTs and varenicline has been proven to be more effective than the NRTs, as demonstrated in head-to-head studies . 
 
 LICENSE & SUPPLY AGREEMENTS 
 Sopharma 
 In 2009 and 2010, we entered into a license agreement, or the Sopharma License Agreement, and a supply agreement, or the Sopharma Supply Agreement, with Sopharma. Pursuant to the Sopharma License Agreement, we were granted access to all available manufacturing, efficacy and safety data related to cytisinicline, as well as a granted patent in several European countries including Germany, France and Italy related to oral dosage forms of cytisinicline. Additional rights granted under the Sopharma License Agreement include the exclusive use of, and the right to sublicense, the trademark Tabex in all territories other than certain countries in Central and Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, North Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia, as well as Vietnam , where Sopharma or its affiliates and agents already market Tabex in connection with the marketing, distribution and sale of products. Under the Sopharma License Agreement, we agreed to pay a nonrefundable license fee. In addition, we agreed to make certain royalty payments equal to a mid-teens percentage of all net sales of Tabex branded products in our territory during the term of the Sopharma License Agreement, including those sold by a third party pursuant to any sublicense which may be granted by us. We have agreed to cooperate with Sopharma in the defense against any actual or threatened infringement claims with respect to Tabex. Sopharma has the right to terminate the Sopharma License Agreement upon the termination or expiration of the Sopharma Supply Agreement. The Sopharma License Agreement will also terminate under customary termination provisions including bankruptcy or insolvency and material breach. To date, any amounts paid to Sopharma pursuant to the Sopharma License Agreement have been immaterial. 
 19 

A cross-license exists between us and Sopharma whereby we grant to Sopharma rights to any patents or patent applications or other intellectual property rights filed by us in Sopharma territories. 
 On May 14, 2015, we and Sopharma entered into an amendment to the Sopharma License Agreement. Among other things, the amendment to the Sopharma License Agreement reduced the royalty payments payable by us to Sopharma from a percentage in the mid-teens to a percentage in the mid-single digits and extended the term of the Sopharma License Agreement until May 26, 2029. 
 On July 28, 2017, we and Sopharma entered into the amended and restated Sopharma Supply Agreement. Pursuant to the amended and restated Sopharma Supply Agreement, for territories as detailed in the licensing agreement, we will exclusively purchase all of our cytisinicline from Sopharma, and Sopharma agrees to exclusively supply all such cytisinicline requested by us, and we extended the term to 2037. In addition, we will have full access to the cytisinicline supply chain and Sopharma will manufacture sufficient cytisinicline to meet a forecast for a specified demand of cytisinicline for the five years commencing shortly after the commencement of the agreement, with the forecast to be updated regularly thereafter. Each of us and Sopharma may terminate the Sopharma Supply Agreement in the event of the other party s material breach or bankruptcy or insolvency . 
 University of Bristol 
 In July 2016, we entered into a license agreement with the University of Bristol, or the University of Bristol License Agreement. Under the University of Bristol License Agreement, we received exclusive and nonexclusive licenses from the University of Bristol to certain patent and technology rights resulting from research activities into cytisinicline and its derivatives for use in smoking cessation, including a number of patent applications related to novel approaches to cytisinicline binding at the nicotinic receptor level. Any patents issued in connection with these applications would be scheduled to expire on February 5, 2036, at the earliest. 
 In consideration of rights granted by the University of Bristol, we agreed to pay amounts of up to 3.2 million, in the aggregate, tied to a financing milestone and to specific clinical development and commercialization milestones resulting from activities covered by the University of Bristol License Agreement. Additionally, if we successfully commercialize product candidates subject to the University of Bristol License Agreement, we are responsible for royalty payments in the low-single digits and payments up to a percentage in the mid-teens of any sublicense income, subject to specified exceptions, based upon net sales of such licensed products. 
 On January 22, 2018, we and the University of Bristol entered into an amendment to the University of Bristol License Agreement. Pursuant to the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, we received exclusive rights for all human medicinal uses of cytisinicline across all therapeutic categories from the University of Bristol from research activities into cytisinicline and its derivatives. In consideration of rights granted by the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, we agreed to pay an initial amount of 37,500 upon the execution of the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, and additional amounts of up to 1.7 million, in the aggregate, tied to a financing milestone and to specific clinical development and commercialization milestones resulting from activities covered by the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, in addition to amounts under the original University of Bristol License Agreement of up to 3.2 million in the aggregate, tied to specific financing, development and commercialization milestones. Additionally, if we successfully commercialize any product candidate subject to the amended University of Bristol License Agreement or to the original University of Bristol License Agreement, we will be responsible, as provided in the original University of Bristol License Agreement, for royalty payments in the low-single digits and payments up to a percentage in the mid-teens of any sublicense income, subject to specified exceptions, based upon net sales of such licensed products. Up to December 31, 2022, we had paid the University of Bristol 125,000 pursuant to the University of Bristol License Agreement. 
 Unless otherwise terminated, the University of Bristol License Agreement will continue until the earlier of July 2036 or the expiration of the last patent claim subject to the University of Bristol License Agreement. We may terminate the University of Bristol License Agreement for convenience upon a specified number of days prior notice to the University of Bristol. The University of Bristol License Agreement will terminate under customary termination provisions including bankruptcy or insolvency or its material breach of the agreement. Under the terms of the University of Bristol License Agreement, we had provided 100 grams of cytisinicline to the University of Bristol as an initial contribution. 
 Summary of Milestone Obligations by Product Candidate 
 The following table sets forth the milestones that we may be required to pay to third parties under the license agreements described above. As described above, we will also be required to pay certain revenue-based royalties with respect to our product candidate. 

Milestone Obligations to Third Parties 

Amount Payable 

University of Bristol 

Up to 4,837,500(1) 

(1) 
 
 Payable in connection with specific financing, development and commercialization milestones. 

 20 

GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 We are heavily regulated in most of the countries in which we operate. In the United States, the principal regulating authority is the FDA. The FDA regulates the safety and efficacy of product candidates and research, quality, manufacturing processes, product approval and promotion, advertising and product labeling. In the EU, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and national regulatory agencies regulate the scientific evaluation, supervision and safety monitoring of product candidates, and oversee the procedures for approval of drugs for the EU and European Economic Area, or EEA, countries similar regulations exist in most other countries, and in many countries the government also regulates prices. Health authorities in many middle- and lower-income countries require marketing approval by a recognized regulatory authority, such as the FDA or EMA, before they begin to conduct their application review process and/or issue their final approval. 
 United States 
 We intend to focus initially on clinical development and regulatory approval of cytisinicline in the United States. It is anticipated that cytisinicline tablets would receive a minimum five years of data exclusivity under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act. 
 Before a new pharmaceutical product may be marketed in the United States, the FDA must approve an NDA for a new drug. The steps required before the FDA will approve an NDA generally include non-clinical studies followed by multiple stages of clinical trials conducted by the trial sponsor sponsor submission of the NDA application to the FDA for review the FDA s review of the data to assess the drug s safety and effectiveness and the FDA s inspection of the facilities where the product will be manufactured. 
 As a condition of product approval, the FDA may require a sponsor to conduct post-marketing clinical trials, known as Phase 4 trials, and surveillance programs to monitor the effect of the approved product. The FDA may limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-market trials and programs. Any modifications to a drug, including new indications or changes to labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, may require the submission and approval of a new or supplemental NDA before the modification can be implemented, which may require that we generate additional data or conduct additional non-clinical studies and clinical trials. Our ongoing manufacture and distribution of drugs is subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including recordkeeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences associated with the product, and adherence to current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs, which regulate all aspects of the manufacturing process. We are also subject to numerous regulatory requirements relating to the advertising and promotion of drugs, including, but not limited to, standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising. Failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements governing the manufacture and marketing of our products may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions, including warning letters, product recalls or seizures, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and/or criminal prosecution. 
 Sales and Marketing . The marketing practices of U.S. pharmaceutical companies are generally subject to various federal and state healthcare laws that are intended to prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry and protect the integrity of government healthcare programs. These laws include anti-kickback laws and false claims laws. Anti-kickback laws generally prohibit a biopharmaceutical or medical device company from soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration to generate business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular product. False claims laws generally prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, any claims for payment for reimbursed drugs or services to third-party payors (including Medicare and Medicaid) that are false or fraudulent. Although the specific provisions of these laws vary, their scope is generally broad and there may not be regulations, guidance or court decisions that apply the laws to any particular industry practices, including the marketing practices of pharmaceutical and medical device companies. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal or civil sanctions and/or exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). The U.S. federal government and various states have also enacted laws to regulate the sales and marketing practices of pharmaceutical or medical device companies. These laws and regulations generally limit financial interactions between manufacturers and healthcare providers require disclosure to the federal or state government and public of such interactions and/or require the adoption of compliance standards or programs. Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our activities could be subject to penalties under the pertinent laws and regulations. 
 21 

Healthcare Refo rm. The United States and state governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to regulate the healthcare industry. In March 2020, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or ACA, as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the Healthcare Reform Law, was passed and included changes that significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry, such as: 

Increasing drug rebates paid to state Medicaid programs under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program for brand name and generic prescription drugs and extending those rebates to Medicaid managed care 

Requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide discounts on brand name prescription drugs sold to Medicare beneficiaries whose prescription drug costs cause the beneficiaries to be subject to the Medicare Part D coverage gap and 

Imposing an annual fee on manufacturers and importers of brand name prescription drugs reimbursed under certain government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. 

The ACA includes provisions designed to increase the number of Americans covered by health insurance. Specifically, since 2014, the ACA has required most individuals to maintain health insurance coverage or potentially to pay a penalty for noncompliance and has offered states the option of expanding Medicaid coverage to additional individuals. Additionally, policy efforts designed specifically to reduce patient out-of-pocket costs for medicines could result in new mandatory rebates and discounts or other pricing restrictions. Adoption of other new legislation at the federal or state level could further affect demand for, or pricing of, our products. 
 Pricing and Reimbursement . Pricing for our pharmaceutical products will depend in part on government regulation. We will likely be required to offer discounted pricing or rebates on purchases of pharmaceutical products under various federal and state healthcare programs, such as the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the federal ceiling price drug pricing program, the 340B drug pricing program and the Medicare Part D Program. We will also be required to report specific prices to government agencies under healthcare programs, such as the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and Medicare Part B. The calculations necessary to determine the prices reported are complex and the failure to report prices accurately may expose us to penalties. 
 In the United States, Medicaid currently covers all smoking cessation products including varenicline and bupropion. The ACA substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Section 2502 of the ACA specifies that tobacco cessation medications will be removed from the list of optional medications and required for inclusion in states prescription drug benefit. On May 2, 2014 the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, provided guidance into insurance coverage policy that health plans would be in compliance if they cover, among other items, screening for tobacco use, individual, group and phone counseling, all FDA approved tobacco cessation medications (both prescription and OTC) when prescribed by a healthcare provider, at least two quit attempts per year, four sessions of counseling and 90 days of treatment, with no cost sharing (co-pay) required . 
 Government and private third-party payers routinely seek to manage utilization and control the costs of our products. For example, the majority of states use preferred drug lists to restrict access to certain pharmaceutical products under Medicaid. Given certain states current and potential ongoing fiscal crises, a growing number of states are considering a variety of cost-control strategies, including capitated managed care plans that typically contain cost by restricting access to certain treatments. 
 There have also been multiple recent U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed and adopted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs and biologics. In addition, Congress and multiple presidential administrations have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. These initiatives recently culminated in the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA, in August 2022, which will, among other things, allows HHS to negotiate the selling price of certain drugs and biologics that CMS reimburses under Medicare Part B and Part D, although only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least seven years (11 years for biologics) can be selected by CMS for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. The negotiated prices, which will first become effective in 2026, will be capped at a statutory ceiling price beginning in October 2023 and penalize drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part B and Part D drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. The IRA permits the Secretary of HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. The IRA also extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. We anticipate that additional state and federal healthcare measures could be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand or lower pricing for cytisinicline, or additional pricing pressures. 
 22 

Anti-Corruption. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations. Individual states, acting through their attorneys general, have sought to regulate the marketing of prescription drugs under state consumer protection and false advertising laws . 
 Outside the United States 
 We expect to encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries in which we seek to develop and commercialize cytisinicline. 
 New Drug Approvals and Pharmacovigilance. In the EU, the approval of new drugs may be achieved using the Mutual Recognition Procedure, the Decentralized Procedure or the EU Centralized Procedure. These procedures apply in the EU member states, plus the EEA countries, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. The use of these procedures generally provides a more rapid and consistent approval process across the EU and EEA than was the case when the approval processes were operating independently within each country. 
 In 2012, new pharmacovigilance legislation came into force in the EU. Key changes included the establishment of a new Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee within the EMA, with responsibility for reviewing and making recommendations on product safety issues for the EU authorities. It also introduced the possibility for regulators to require pharmaceutical companies to conduct post-authorization efficacy studies at the time of approval, or at any time afterwards in light of scientific developments. There are also additional requirements regarding adverse drug reaction reporting and additional monitoring of products. Outside developed markets such as the EU and Japan, pharmacovigilance requirements vary and are typically less extensive. 
 Health authorities in many middle- and lower-income countries require marketing approval by a recognized regulatory authority (i.e., similar to the authority of the FDA or the EMA) before they begin to conduct their application review process and/or issue their final approval. Many authorities also require local clinical data in the country s population in order to receive final marketing approval. These requirements delay marketing authorization in those countries relative to the United States and Europe. 
 CONTRACT RESEARCH AGREEMENTS 
 Our strategy is to outsource certain product development activities and have established contract research agreements for, non-clinical, clinical, manufacturing and some data management services. We choose which business or institution to use for these services based on their expertise, capacity and reputation and the cost of the service. 
 We also provide or have provided quantities of our product candidates to academic research institutions to investigate the mechanism of action and evaluate novel combinations of product candidates with other cancer therapies in various cancer indications. These collaborations expand our research activities for our product candidates with modest contribution from us. 
 MANUFACTURING 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of cytisinicline, though we may develop our own manufacturing operations in the future. We currently depend on Sopharma as supplier and contract manufacturer for all of our required raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished drug product for our clinical trials. In addition to our Sopharma relationship, we utilize contract manufacturing organizations for the clinical packaging supplies of cytisinicline. We currently employ internal resources and third-party consultants to manage our clinical manufacturing activities. 
 Sopharma sources cytisinicline from the Laburnum anagyroides plant, a shrub or small tree native to, and widely distributed throughout, Bulgaria, south Central Europe and the northwestern Balkan Peninsula. The seed pods are harvested from the shrubs and dried. Each tree takes approximately four to six years to reach maturity for harvesting and has a productive life expectancy of 20 to 25 years. Seeds are harvested annually, dried and stored for processing into cytisinicline. Laburnum anagyroide seeds in their natural state are highly toxic and the extraction process removes the toxins to produce highly purified cytisinicline. Sopharma controls a number of Laburnum orchards throughout Bulgaria in addition to sourcing seeds and cytisinicline starting material from certain third-party suppliers. We ex pect Sopharma to continue stockpiling cytisinicline to meet the projected demand from us upon commercial launch. 
 23 

The active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, manufacturing process utilizes a series of techniques including milling, solvent extraction, filtration and purification. Critical control steps and manufacturing intermediates have been identified and are controlled by internally developed specifications and methods to ensure a consistent and reproducible process. The highly purified cytisinicline is dried, sieved and packed for storage until further processing into drug product. The cytisinicline API manufacturing process has been developed and refined over many years of manufacture by Sopharma , which has significant expertise in manufacturing cytisinicline . 
 Sopharma manufactures cytisinicline API in its facilities in Bulgaria, which are near the capital, Sofia. The API processing facility complies with EU cGMP requirements and has been inspected by the Bulgarian Drug Agency . During 2022, Sopharma built a new API facility specifically for cytisinicline within its tableting plant in Sofia. 
 Raw materials are essential to our business and are normally available in quantities adequate to meet the needs of our business. Where there are exceptions, the temporary unavailability of those raw materials has not historically had a material adverse effect on our financial results however, uncertainties in supply chain, transportation logistics and costs, and political and economic conditions could result in disruptions in our operations and materially impact our financial results. 
 SALES AND MARKETING 
 Our commercial strategy may include the use of strategic partners, distributors, a contract sale force or the establishment of our own commercial marketing and sales infrastructure. We plan to further evaluate these alternatives including the potential to market and distribute directly to consumers via traditional and virtual channels. We intend to seek commercial partnerships in ex-U.S. territories. 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has held that certain claims to naturally occurring substances are not patentable. Cytisinicline is a naturally occurring product and, therefore, the compound itself is not patentable in the United States. Furthermore, cytisinicline has been used in other parts of the world for decades, creating further challenges to patenting uses of the compound. 
 Our development and commercialization of cytisinicline is protected by our exclusive supply agreement with Sopharma and Sopharma s proprietary technology, experience and expertise in cytisinicline extraction. In addition, we intend to utilize market exclusivity laws including those under the Hatch-Waxman Act in the United States and exclusivity under Directive 2004/27/EC in the EU. 
 
 Additionally, we are actively building an intellectual property portfolio around our clinical-stage product candidate and research programs. A key component of this portfolio strategy is to seek international patent protection with patent applications in the United States and in major market countries that we consider important to the development of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we own a portfolio of four patent families. Those families cover cytisinicline derivatives (being prosecuted in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, U.K. and Japan), novel cytisinicline salts (being prosecuted in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, South Korea, Japan and New Zealand with issued patents in the U.K., Canada, United States, Mexico and South Africa), and novel cytisinicline dosing methods being prosecuted in the United States, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, and New Zealand, with issued patents in the United States. Additionally, we have in-licensed rights from Sopharma to two patent families relating to a new method of cytisinicline extraction, as well as cytisinicline formulations and one family from a third party relating to cytisine purity. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or in-licensed 15 issued patents, three allowed patent applications and 43 pending patent applications. These patents have expirations dates ranging from 2037 to 2042, absent any term adjustments or extensions. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates and other discoveries, inventions, trade secrets and know-how that are critical to our business operations. Our success also depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and in part, on our ability to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. A comprehensive discussion on risks relating to intellectual property is provided under Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 
 In addition to patent protection, we rely on trade secrets, trademark protection and know-how to expand our proprietary position around our chemistry, technology and other discoveries and inventions that we consider important to our business. We also seek to protect our intellectual property in part by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, clinical investigators and other contractors and also by requiring our employees, commercial contractors and certain consultants and investigators, to enter into invention assignment agreements that grant us ownership of any discoveries or inventions made by them. 
 
 24 

COMPETITION 
 The development and commercialization of new products is highly competitive. We face competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, universities and other research institutions worldwide with respect to smoking cessation and other product candidates that they may seek to develop or commercialize in the future. We are aware that many companies have therapeutics marketed or in development for smoking cessation. We expect that our competitors and potential competitors have historically dedicated, and will continue to dedicate, significant resources to aggressively develop and commercialize their products in order to take advantage of the significant market opportunity. 
 Prescription and Over-the-Counter Treatments 
 Only two non-nicotine, prescription treatments for smoking cessation are currently available in the United States varenicline (formerly marketed by Pfizer as Chantix) and bupropion (formerly marketed by GlaxoSmithKline as Zyban). Both are currently available as generic formulations. Varenicline requires a three-month treatment period and bupropion is recommended for a period between seven and 12 weeks. While both have been proven effective in aiding smoking cessation, they are also associated with significant side effects and early discontinuations from treatment. Varenicline s labeling indicates elevated instances of nausea, abnormal dreams, constipation, flatulence, and vomiting may be experienced by varenicline-treated patients compared to placebo-treated patients, and bupropion s product label discloses potential adverse reactions including insomnia, rhinitis, dry mouth, dizziness, nervous disturbance, anxiety, nausea, constipation, arthralgia and seizures. High uptake into the brain combined with activity at off target receptors could be responsible for varenicline s adverse event profile. 
 In June 2021, Pfizer Inc. halted the distribution of Chantix after heightened levels, above the FDA s acceptable daily intake limit, of nitrosamines were found in some lots of Chantix pills. In September 2021, Pfizer announced a nationwide recall in the United States of all lots of Chantix and have also withdrawn the product in other countries around the globe. Prior to market withdrawal and launch of generic Chantix (varenicline), global sales of branded Chantix peaked at 1.1 billion. Of those sales, approximately 75 were attributable to the U.S. market. 
 The most common OTC treatments bought in pharmacies for smoking cessation in the United States and worldwide are NRTs such as nicotine gums, nicotine lozenges, and nicotine patches. Each of these products delivers nicotine to the body although they generally do so at different rates and to different parts of the body than does a traditional cigarette. As concluded by the authors of several published clinical trials conducted by others, these therapies are generally less effective than prescription treatments. Recognized brands include Niquitin , Nicotinell , Nicorette and Nicoderm. Depending on the duration of treatment, the average cost of certain OTC smoking cessation treatments can exceed prescription treatments. 
 Pharmaceutical companies, including larger companies in the industry, who have extensive expertise in non-clinical and clinical testing and in obtaining regulatory approvals for products, may develop other OTC treatments for smoking cessation. In addition, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection with respect to potentially competitive products or technologies. These organizations may also establish exclusive collaborative or licensing relationships with our competitors. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 20 employees, of whom eleven were engaged in research and development functions, including clinical development, regulatory affairs and manufacturing, and nine were engaged in general and administrative functions, including accounting and finance, administration, and commercial. 
 All of our employees have entered into non-disclosure agreements regarding our intellectual property, trade secrets and other confidential information. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement, nor have we experienced any work stoppages. We believe that we maintain satisfactory relations with our employees. 
 From time to time, we also use outside consultants to provide advice on our clinical development plans, research programs, administration and potential acquisitions of new technologies. 
 We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. We emphasize a number of measures and objectives in managing our human capital assets, including, among others, employee engagement, development, and training, talent acquisition and retention, employee safety and wellness, diversity and inclusion, and compensation and pay equity. We provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, development programs that enable continued learning and growth and a robust employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. 
 25 

COMPANY INFORMATION 
 We were incorporated in California in October 1991 and subsequently reorganized as a Delaware corporation in March 1995. Our principal executive office is located at 1040 West Georgia Street, Suite 1030, Vancouver, B.C. V6E 4H1, Canada and our telephone number is (604) 210-2217. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We maintain a website at http://www.achievelifesciences.com. The information contained on or accessible through our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the other periodic and current reports and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operation and future prospects will likely be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. This list is not exhaustive, and the order of presentation does not reflect management's determination of priority or likelihood. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 Substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to material uncertainty and dependent on our success at raising additional capital sufficient to meet our obligations on a timely basis. If we fail to obtain additional financing when needed, we may be unable to complete the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidate. 
 Substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to material uncertainty and dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing. There is no assurance that we will obtain financing from other sources. The uncertainty with respect to our operations and the capital markets generally may make it more challenging to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. 
 In addition, we expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years as we continue our clinical development of, seek regulatory approval for, and commercialize, cytisinicline and add personnel necessary to operate as a commercial-stage public company. We expect that our operating losses will fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to timing of clinical development programs and efforts to achieve regulatory approval. 
 Our current resources are insufficient to fund our planned operations for the next twelve months. We will continue to require substantial additional capital to continue our clinical development activities. Accordingly, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to continue to fund our operations from the sale of our securities, debt, partnering arrangements, non-dilutive fundraising or other financing transactions in order to finance the remaining development and commercialization of our product candidate. The current financing environment in the United States, particularly for biotechnology companies like us, is exceptionally challenging and we can provide no assurances as to when such environment will improve. Our business may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates and volatile market conditions as well as political events, war, terrorism, business interruptions and other geopolitical events and uncertainties beyond our control. Further, the uncertainty with respect to our operations and the market generally due to increasing interest rates and inflation may also make it challenging to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including in our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy also could strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption. In addition, current macroeconomic conditions have caused turmoil in the banking sector. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, one of our banking partners, was closed by the California 
 26 

Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , or FDIC, as receiver. Under the terms of our Convertible Debt Agreement, we were required to keep substantially all of our cash and investments with SVB . While we were afforded full access to our cash and cash equivalents with SVB on March 13, 2023, we may be impacted by other disruptions to the U.S. banking system caused by the recent developments involving SVB, including potential delays in our ability to transfer funds whether held with SVB or otherwise and in the short-term potential delays in making payments to vendors while new banking relationships are established . For these reasons, among others, we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available when and as needed or, if available, that it will be available on acceptable terms. If financing is available, it may be on terms that adversely affect the interests of our existing stockholders. If adequate financing is not available, we may need to continue to reduce or eliminate our expenditures for research and development of cytisinicline , and may be required to suspend development of cytisinicline . Our actual capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including : 

the progress and results of our clinical research and non-clinical development programs 

the repayment or conversion of our outstanding debt 

our commercialization activities and arrangements 

the time and cost involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidate 

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights with respect to our intellectual property 

the effect of competing technological and market developments 

the effect of changes and developments in our existing collaborative, licensing and other relationships and 

the terms of any new collaborative, licensing, commercialization and other arrangements that we may establish. 

 We may not be able to secure sufficient financing on acceptable terms, or at all. Without additional funds, we may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some of our research and development activities or other operations and potentially delay product development in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations. If any of these events occur, our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. 
 We have incurred substantial debt, which could impair our flexibility and access to capital and adversely affect our financial position, and our business would be materially adversely affected if we are unable to service our debt obligations. 
 On December 22, 2021, we entered into a 25.0 million contingent convertible debt agreement, or Original Debt Agreement, with Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P., or, together with SVB, the Lenders. As part of the Original Debt Agreement, the Lenders funded 15.0 million in the form of convertible indebtedness, or Convertible Debt, at closing. On April 26, 2022, we entered into (i) a loan and security agreement, or Loan Agreement, with SVB for the 10.0 million remaining in the Original Debt Agreement, pursuant to which SVB provided a commitment to extend term loans having an aggregate original principal amount of up to 10.0 million, or Term Loans, and (ii) a first amendment to the Original Debt Agreement, or the Amendment, and as amended by the Amendment, the Debt Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the principal amounts due under our debt instruments (including the Loan Agreement and Debt Agreement) totaled 16.1 million, of which 16.1 million is classified as current. 
 Under the terms of the Debt Agreement, the Convertible Debt matures on December 22, 2023 and may be extended to December 22, 2024 upon our written request and SVB s approval on or prior to December 22, 2023. The Convertible Debt will accrue interest at the aggregate of (a) a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 2.25 and (ii) the prime rate minus 1.0 , which interest is payable in cash monthly in arrears, and (b) 7.0 per annum, which interest shall compound monthly. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, we may borrow term loans under the Loan Agreement until April 30, 2023. Amounts borrowed under the Loan Agreement will incur interest at a floating rate equal to the greater of 3.50 and the Wall Street Journal prime rate, and will be subject to interest only payments through April 30, 2024. Commencing on May 1, 2024, the outstanding loans under the Loan Agreement will be repaid in 24 consecutive equal monthly installments of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Term Loans mature on April 1, 2026. Upon the earliest to occur of the maturity date, repayment of the Term Loans in full, acceleration of the loans or termination of the Loan Agreement, we will be required to pay a final payment equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan advances extended by SVB multiplied by 6.0 . Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets, other than our intellectual property. 
 Our indebtedness may: 
 27 

limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing (on satisfactory terms or at all) to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, acquisitions, investments and strategic alliances, and for other general corporate requirements 

require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments 

increase our vulnerability to economic downturns, rising interest rates and adverse competitive and industry conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry and limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money for operations or capital in the future, and implement our business strategies 

result in dilution to our existing stockholders in the event exchanges of our Convertible Debt are settled in common stock and 

restrict our ability to grant additional liens on our assets, which may make it more difficult to secure additional financing in the future. 

 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash. Our debt is subject to floating interest rates set in relation to the prime rate. Increases in interest rates have, and may continue, to make our debt service costs increase. Additionally, we currently do not generate any cash flow from operations, and if we are unable to pay our debt service costs or repay it when it becomes due, we would be in default under our Loan and Security Agreement and Debt Agreement. We may be required to raise additional working capital through future financings or sales of assets to enable us to repay our outstanding indebtedness as it becomes due. There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate cash or raise additional capital. If we are at any time unable to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible or that any additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if at all. Any debt financing that is available could cause us to incur substantial costs and subject us to covenants that significantly restrict our ability to conduct our business. If we seek to complete additional equity financings, the interests of existing stockholders may be diluted. If we are unable to make payment on our secured debt instruments when due, the lender under such instrument may foreclose on and sell the assets securing such indebtedness to satisfy our payment obligations, which could prevent us from accessing those assets for our business and conducting our business as planned, which could materially harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, the Loan Agreement contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including covenants regarding the incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, investments, transactions with affiliates, delivery of financial statements, payment of taxes, maintenance of insurance, dispositions of property, mergers or acquisitions, and the requirement we keep substantially all of our cash and investments with SVB, among other customary covenants. We are also restricted from paying dividends or making other distributions or payments on its capital stock, subject to limited exceptions. The Loan Agreement includes customary representations and warranties, events of default and termination provisions. We must also comply with certain financial covenants as set forth in the Loan Agreement and the Amendment if we draw down on the 10.0 million Term Loans available, including a minimum liquidity ratio of at least 1.25 to 1.00, or at our election after receiving at least 30 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of equity securities, a minimum market capitalization of at least 250 million. As of December 31, 2022 no amounts had been drawn on the Term Loans. 
 If we default under the Loan Agreement, the Lenders will be able to declare all obligations immediately due and payable and take control of our collateral, potentially requiring us to renegotiate our agreement on terms less favorable to us or to immediately cease operations. Further, if we are liquidated, the rights of the Lenders to repayment would be senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock to receive any proceeds from the liquidation. The Lenders could declare a default under the Loan Agreement upon the occurrence of any event that the Lenders interpret as a material adverse change as defined under the Loan Agreement, thereby requiring us to repay the loan immediately or to attempt to reverse the declaration of default through negotiation or litigation. Any declaration by the Lenders of an event of default could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. If we raise any additional debt financing, the terms of such additional debt could further restrict our operating and financial flexibility. 
 With the closure of SVB and appointment of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver on March 10, 2023, we are aware that there can be no assurance that the Term Loans will be available to us for borrowing nor whether SVB or any successor lender(s) will be willing to work with us on any modifications to the current Convertible Debt or Term Loan agreements. Any amounts due under the Convertible Debt, including interest payments, will remain payable to any successor lender(s). 
 We have incurred losses since inception, have a limited operating history on which to assess our business and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. 
 28 

We are a clinical development-stage specialty pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, are not profitable, have incurred losses in each year since our inception and expect to continue incurring losses for the foreseeable future. 
 Pharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources to identify, acquire, and develop cytisinicline, including providing general and administrative support for our operations. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and convertible promissory notes. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of our future expenditures and our ability to obtain funding through equity or debt financings, strategic collaborations, or grants. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. We further expect that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we : 

continue the clinical development of cytisinicline 

advance cytisinicline development into larger, more expensive clinical trials 

initiate additional non-clinical, clinical, or other trials or studies for cytisinicline 

seek to attract and retain skilled personnel 

undertake the manufacturing of cytisinicline or increase volumes manufactured by third parties 

seek regulatory and marketing approvals and reimbursement for cytisinicline 

make milestone, royalty or other payments under third-party license and/or supply agreements 

establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product for which we may obtain marketing approval and market for ourselves 

seek to discover, identify, assess, acquire, and/or develop other product candidates 

seek to establish, maintain, protect, and expand our intellectual property portfolio and 

experience any delays or encounter issues with the development and potential for regulatory approval of cytisinicline such as safety issues, clinical trial accrual delays, longer follow-up for planned studies, additional major studies, or supportive studies necessary to support marketing approval. 

 Further, the net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. 
 We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 We have no products approved for commercialization and have never generated any revenue from product sales. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with strategic collaborators, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory and marketing approvals necessary to commercialize cytisinicline. We do not anticipate generating revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends heavily on our success in many areas, including but not limited to: 

completing research and development of cytisinicline 

obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for cytisinicline 

manufacturing product and establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that are commercially feasible, satisfy regulatory requirements and meet our supply needs in sufficient quantities to satisfy market demand for cytisinicline, if approved 

marketing, launching and commercializing any product for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either directly or with a collaborator or distributor 

29 

obtaining reimbursement or pricing for cytisinicline that supports profitability 

gaining market acceptance of cytisinicline as a treatment option 

addressing any competing products, including the potential for generic cytisinicline products 

protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights, if any, including patents, trade secrets, and know-how 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing, commercialization, or other arrangements into which we may enter and 

attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel. 

 Even if a product candidate that we develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing that candidate. Additionally, if we are not able to generate sufficient revenue from the sale of any approved products to cover our operating costs, we may never become profitable. If we obtain regulatory approval to market a product candidate, our future revenue will depend upon the size of any markets in which our product candidate may receive approval, and our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, pricing, reimbursement from third-party payors, and adequate market share for our product candidate in those markets. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fail. We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions, including formerly with Silicon Valley Bank, both in the United States and internationally, in excess of the FDIC insurance limit and similar regulatory insurance limits outside the United States. Further, if we enter into a credit, loan or other similar facility with a financial institution, certain covenants included in such facility may require as security that we keep a significant portion of our cash with the institution providing such facility. If a depository institution where we maintain deposits fails or is subject to adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we may not be able to recover all, if any, of our deposits which could adversely impact our operating liquidity and financial performance. 
 On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which also appointed the FDIC as receiver. Under the terms of our Convertible Debt Agreement, we were required to keep substantially all of our cash and investments with SVB. On March 12, 2023, the FDIC announced that all depositors of the bank would have access to all funds starting on March 13, 2023. As of March 13, 2023, we were afforded full access to our cash and cash equivalents with SVB. While our deposits are backed by the FDIC, that support may not last or be honored in the future and we could be materially impacted. 
 Risks Related to the Development of Our Product Candidate Cytisinicline 
 Cytisinicline is currently our sole product candidate and there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully develop and commercialize cytisinicline. 
 We are currently dependent on the potential development of a single product candidate, cytisinicline. We are still developing our sole product candidate, and cytisinicline cannot be marketed or sold in the United States or in foreign markets until regulatory approval has been obtained from the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agencies. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive and time consuming. The FDA and foreign regulatory authorities may never approve cytisinicline for sale and marketing, and even if cytisinicline is ultimately approved, regulatory approval may be delayed or limited in the United States or in other jurisdictions. Even if we are authorized to sell and market cytisinicline in one or more markets, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully market cytisinicline or that cytisinicline will achieve market acceptance sufficient to generate profits. If we are unable to successfully develop and commercialize cytisinicline due to failure to obtain regulatory approval for cytisinicline, to successfully market cytisinicline, to generate profits from the sale of cytisinicline, or due to other risk factors outlined in this report, it would have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations as cytisinicline is currently our sole product candidate. 
 Results of earlier clinical trials of cytisinicline are not necessarily predictive of future results, and any advances of cytisinicline into clinical trials may not have favorable results or receive regulatory approval. 
 Even if our clinical trials are completed as planned, we cannot be certain that their results will be consistent with the results of the earlier clinical trials of cytisinicline. Positive results in non-clinical testing and past clinical trials with respect to the safety and efficacy of cytisinicline do not ensure that results from subsequent clinical trials will also be positive, and we cannot be sure that the results of subsequent clinical trials will replicate the results of prior clinical trials and non-clinical testing. Any such failure may cause us to abandon cytisinicline, which would negatively affect our ability to generate any product revenues. 
 30 

We are dependent upon a single company for the manufacture and supply of cytisinicline . 
 Our single product candidate, cytisinicline, has been in-licensed from a third party. We are required to continue to contract with Sopharma, to continue our development of, and potential commercialization of, cytisinicline pursuant to a supply agreement with Sopharma. Sopharma currently manufactures all of its cytisinicline API in its facilities in Bulgaria. The conflict in Ukraine, including the possibility of expanded regional or global conflict and related economic sanctions, may have negative impacts on Sopharma s business, which could cause them to reduce or terminate investments in the cytisinicline program. If the supply agreement with Sopharma is terminated, we will need to develop or acquire alternative supply and manufacturing capabilities for cytisinicline, which we may not be able to do on commercially viable terms or at all. 
 Clinical trials are costly, time consuming and inherently risky, and we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 
 Clinical development is expensive, time consuming and involves significant risk. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trial will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of development. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include, but are not limited to: 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with clinical research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites 

delays in obtaining required institutional review board, or IRB, approval at each clinical trial site 

failure to permit the conduct of a clinical trial by regulatory authorities, after review of an investigational new drug or equivalent foreign application or amendment 

delays in recruiting qualified patients in its clinical trials 

failure by clinical sites, CROs or other third parties to adhere to clinical trial requirements 

failure by clinical sites, CROs or other third parties to perform in accordance with the good clinical practices requirements of the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory guidelines 

disruptions to our supply chain for the cytisinicline required for our clinical trials 

patients terminating enrollment in our clinical trials 

adverse events or tolerability issues significant enough for the FDA or other regulatory agencies to put any or all clinical trials on hold 

inability to generate satisfactory non-clinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data or diagnostics to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials 

animal toxicology issues significant enough for the FDA or other regulatory agencies to disallow investigation in humans 

occurrence of adverse events associated with our product candidate 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols 

the cost of clinical trials of cytisinicline 

negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials which may result in us deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon development programs in ongoing or other planned indications for cytisinicline 

discovery of impurities in our cytisinicline drug product, such as nitrosamines, above the regulators prescribed thresholds and 

delays in the manufacture or packaging of sufficient quantities of cytisinicline for use in clinical trials . 

 Any inability to successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for cytisinicline could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to cytisinicline, we may need to conduct additional non-clinical trials, or the results obtained from such new formulation may not be consistent with 
 31 

previous results obtained. Clinical trial delays could also sh orten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow competitors to develop and bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize cytisinicline and may harm our business and results of operations . 
 Cytisinicline may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial viability of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by cytisinicline could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or terminate clinical trials or even if approved, result in a restrictive label or delay regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign authorities. 
 Failure to reach agreement with the FDA on acceptable intake levels for impurities, such as nitrosamines, or exceeding agreed upon levels could delay or prevent regulatory approval. 
 Additionally, even if cytisinicline receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by cytisinicline, potentially significant negative consequences could result, including but not limited to: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of cytisinicline 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the cytisinicline label 

we may be required to create a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, plan, which could include a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, a communication plan for healthcare providers, and/or other elements to assure safe use 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients and 

our reputation may suffer. 

 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of cytisinicline, even if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. 
 The development of our product candidate is dependent upon securing sufficient quantities of cytisinicline from trees and other plants, which grows outside of the United States in a limited number of locations. 
 The therapeutic component of our product candidate, cytisinicline, is derived from the seeds of the Laburnum anagyroides trees and other plants, which grows in the mountains of Southern Europe and other limited locations around the world. We currently secure cytisinicline exclusively from Sopharma, a Bulgarian third-party supplier. Our current supply agreement with Sopharma expires on July 28, 2037, unless extended by mutual agreement of us and Sopharma. There can be no assurances that Laburnum anagyroides trees and other plants will continue to grow in sufficient quantities to meet commercial supply requirements or that the countries from which we can secure them will continue to allow the exportation of cytisinicline. For example, Laburnum anagyroides trees take approximately four to six years to reach maturity for harvesting and have a productive life expectancy of 20 to 25 years. There is no guarantee that Sopharma will plant sufficient trees or secure sufficient quantities of cytisinicline drug product to manage supply for our markets or to meet our forecasts. Additionally, economic or political instability or disruptions, such as the conflict in Ukraine, could negatively affect our supply chain or increase our costs. If these types of events or disruptions continue to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In the event we are no longer able to obtain cytisinicline from Sopharma, or in sufficient quantities, we may not be able to produce our proposed products and our business will be adversely affected. 
 Our product development program may not uncover all possible adverse events that patients who take cytisinicline or our other product candidates may experience. The number of subjects exposed to cytisinicline or our other product candidates and the average exposure time in the clinical development program may be inadequate to detect rare adverse events, or chance findings, that may only be detected once the product is administered to more patients and for greater periods of time. 
 Clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. We cannot be fully assured that rare and severe side effects of cytisinicline will be uncovered. Such rare and severe side effects may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to cytisinicline or over a significantly longer period of time. If such safety problems occur or are identified after cytisinicline reaches the market in the United States, or if such safety problems occur or are identified in foreign markets where cytisinicline is currently marketed, the FDA may require that we amend the labeling of cytisinicline or recall it, or may even withdraw approval for cytisinicline. 
 If the use or misuse of cytisinicline harms patients, or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to cytisinicline, our regulatory approvals, if any, could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. If we are unable to obtain adequate insurance or are required to pay for liabilities resulting 
 32 

from a claim excluded from, or beyond the limits of, our insurance coverage, a material liability claim could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 The use or misuse of cytisinicline in clinical trials and the sale of cytisinicline if marketing approval is obtained, exposes us to the risk of potential product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our product. There is a risk that cytisinicline may induce adverse events. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition, during the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events for reasons that may be related to cytisinicline. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market cytisinicline, if any, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which an adverse event is unrelated to cytisinicline, an investigation into such circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. Such investigations may delay our regulatory approval process or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals cytisinicline receives or maintains. As a result, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we obtain marketing approval for cytisinicline, we will need to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products. We cannot know if we will be able to continue to obtain product liability coverage and obtain expanded coverage if we require it, in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability, on acceptable terms, or at all. We may not have sufficient resources to pay for any liabilities resulting from a claim excluded from, or beyond the limits of, our insurance coverage. 
 Where we have provided indemnities in favor of third parties under our agreements with them, there is a risk that these third parties could incur liability and bring a claim under such indemnities. An individual may also bring a product liability claim against us alleging that cytisinicline causes, or is claimed to have caused, an injury or is found to be unsuitable for consumer use. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability, and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in: 

withdrawal of clinical trial volunteers, investigators, patients or trial sites or limitations on approved indications 

an inability to commercialize, or if commercialized, a decreased demand for, cytisinicline 

if commercialized, product recalls, withdrawals of labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions or the need for product modification 

initiation of investigations by regulators 

loss of revenue, if any 

substantial costs of litigation, including monetary awards to patients or other claimants 

liabilities that substantially exceed our product liability insurance, which we would then be required to pay ourselves 

increased product liability insurance rates, or inability to maintain insurance coverage in the future on acceptable terms, if at all 

diversion of management s attention from our business and 

damage to our reputation and the reputation of our products and our technology. 

 Product liability claims may subject us to the foregoing and other risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions, natural disasters, and the availability of natural resources, as well as by climate change. 
 In recent years, extreme weather events and changing weather patterns such as storms, flooding, drought, and temperature changes appear to have become more common. The production of cytisinicline from the Laburnum anagyroides and other plant depends on the availability of natural resources, including sufficient rainfall. Our exclusive supplier of cytisinicline, Sopharma, could be adversely affected if it experiences a shortage of fresh water due to droughts or if it experiences other adverse weather conditions. T he long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmaceutical industry in particular are unclear and may heighten 
 33 

or intensify existing risk of natural disasters . As a result of such events, we could experience cytisinicline shortages from Sopharma , which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the manufacturing and other operations of Sopharma are located near earthquake fault lines in Sofia, Bulgaria. In the event of a major earthquake, we could experience business interruptions from the disruption of our cytisinicline supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may conduct clinical trials internationally, which may trigger additional risks. 
 Conducting clinical trials in Europe or other countries outside of the United States will have additional regulatory requirements that we will have to meet in connection with our manufacturing, distribution, use of data and other matters. Failure to meet such regulatory requirements could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any, of cytisinicline by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, or the commercialization of cytisinicline, or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. 
 We may use our financial and human resources to pursue a particular research program or product candidate and fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and human resources, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with some programs or product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or more profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and future product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. We may also enter into additional strategic collaboration agreements to develop and commercialize some of our programs and potential product candidates in indications with potentially large commercial markets. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through strategic collaborations, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate, or we may allocate internal resources to a product candidate in a therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval of Cytisinicline and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 If we do not obtain the necessary regulatory approvals in the United States and/or other countries, we will not be able to sell cytisinicline. 
 We will need approval from the FDA to commercialize cytisinicline in the United States and approvals from similar regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions to commercialize cytisinicline in those jurisdictions. In order to obtain FDA approval of cytisinicline, we must submit an NDA to the FDA, demonstrating that cytisinicline is safe, pure and potent, and effective for its intended use. This demonstration requires significant research including completion of clinical trials. Satisfaction of the FDA s regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depending upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate and requires substantial resources for research, development and testing. We cannot predict whether our clinical trials will demonstrate the safety and efficacy of cytisinicline or if the results of any clinical trials will be sufficient to advance to the next phase of development or for approval from the FDA. We also cannot predict whether our research and clinical approaches will result in data that the FDA considers safe and effective for the proposed indications of cytisinicline. The FDA has substantial discretion in the product approval process. The approval process may be delayed by changes in government regulation, future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our regulatory review. Even if we comply with all FDA requests, the FDA may ultimately reject one or more of our applications. We may never obtain regulatory approval for cytisinicline. Failure to obtain approval from the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions to commercialize cytisinicline will leave us without saleable products and therefore without any source of revenues. In addition, the FDA may require us to conduct additional clinical testing or to perform post-marketing studies, as a condition to granting marketing approval of a product or permit continued marketing, if previously approved. If conditional marketing approval is obtained, the results generated after approval could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about the side effects or efficacy of a product. The FDA has significant post-market authority, including the explicit authority to require post-market studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information and compliance with FDA-approved risk evaluation and mitigation strategies. The FDA s exercise of its authority has in some cases resulted, and in the future could result, in delays or increased costs during product development, clinical trials and regulatory review, increased costs to comply with additional post-approval regulatory requirements and potential restrictions on sales of approved products. In foreign jurisdictions, the regulatory approval processes generally include the same or similar risks as those associated with the FDA approval procedures described above. We cannot be certain that we will receive the approvals necessary to commercialize cytisinicline for sale either within or outside the United States. 
 34 

Even if we obtain regulatory approval for cytisinicline , we will remain subject to ongoing regulatory requirements in connection with the sale and distribution of cytisinicline . 
 Even if cytisinicline is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements with respect to manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing clinical trials, and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-approval information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and the requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Compliance with such regulatory requirements will likely be costly and the failure to comply would likely result in penalties, up to and including, the loss of such approvals from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to continuously comply with FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to current cGMP regulations and corresponding foreign regulatory manufacturing requirements. As such, we, Sopharma and other contract manufacturers, if any, will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA or marketing authorization application. If Sopharma or our other contract manufacturers fail to maintain cGMP compliance or fail inspections with FDA and other regulators, then our business could severely be harmed. 
 Ongoing post-approval monitoring and clinical trial obligations may be costly to us and the failure to meet such obligations may result in the withdrawal of such approvals. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for cytisinicline, if any, may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which cytisinicline may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of cytisinicline. We will be required to report adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Any new legislation addressing product safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. If our original marketing approval for cytisinicline was obtained through an accelerated approval pathway, we could be required to conduct a successful post-marketing clinical trial in order to confirm the clinical benefit for our products. An unsuccessful post-marketing clinical trial or failure to complete such a trial could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 
 
 35 

If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, the regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things: 

issue warning letters 

impose civil or criminal penalties 

suspend or withdraw regulatory approval 

suspend any of our ongoing clinical trials 

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us 

impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our contract manufacturers facilities or 

require a product recall. 

 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law would be expected to require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate adverse publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our products and the value of us and our operating results would be adversely affected. 
 We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 If we obtain FDA approval for cytisinicline and begin commercializing it in the United States, our operations may be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and physician sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing, and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, the purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology and Clinical Health Act, and its implementing regulations, which imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information 

the federal physician sunshine requirements under the Healthcare Reform Law requires manufacturers of products, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members and applicable group purchasing organizations and 

 36 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including governmental and private payors, to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources state laws that require product manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent healthcare reform legislation has strengthened these laws. For example, the Healthcare Reform Law, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. Moreover, the Healthcare Reform Law provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and its results of operations. 
 Healthcare legislative and executive reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the Healthcare Reform Law was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The Healthcare Reform Law, among other things, addresses a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for products that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of specified branded prescription products, and promotes a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program. 
 There have also been multiple recent U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed and adopted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs and biologics. In addition, Congress and multiple presidential administrations have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. These initiatives recently culminated in the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA, in August 2022, which will, among other things, allow HHS to negotiate the selling price of certain drugs and biologics that CMS reimburses under Medicare Part B and Part D, although only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years (11 years for biologics) can be selected by CMS for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. The negotiated prices, which will first become effective in 2026, will be capped at a statutory ceiling price beginning in October 2023, penalize drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part B and Part D drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. The IRA permits the Secretary of HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. The IRA also extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. We anticipate that additional state and federal healthcare measures could be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand or lower pricing for cytisinicline, or additional pricing pressures. Currently, the Healthcare Reform Law provides coverage for smoking cessation-related activities, including two counseling attempts for smoking cessation per year and medications for smoking cessation. If these provisions are repealed, in whole or in part, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 
 37 

Our ability to obtain services, reimbursement or funding may be impacted by possible reductions in federal spending in the United States as well as globally. 
 U.S. federal government agencies currently face potentially significant spending reductions. Under the Budget Control Act of 2011, the failure of Congress to enact deficit reduction measures of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021 triggered automatic cuts to most federal programs. These cuts include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to two percent per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and will stay in effect through 2025 unless additional Congressional action is taken. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which was enacted on January 1, 2013, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and imaging centers. The full impact on our business of these automatic cuts is uncertain. 
 If government spending is reduced, anticipated budgetary shortfalls may also impact the ability of relevant agencies, such as the FDA or the National Institutes of Health to continue to function at current levels. Amounts allocated to federal grants and contracts may be reduced or eliminated. These reductions may also impact the ability of relevant agencies to timely review and approve drug research and development, manufacturing, and marketing activities, which may delay our ability to develop, market and sell any products we may develop. Any reductions in government spending in countries outside the United States may also impact us negatively, such as by limiting the functioning of international regulatory agencies in countries outside the United States or by eliminating programs on which we may rely. 
 In July 2021, we announced that we were awarded a grant from NIDA to evaluate the use of cytisinicline as a treatment for cessation of nicotine e-cigarette use. This initial grant award, in the amount of 320,000, commenced on August 1, 2021, and was utilized to complete critical regulatory and clinical operational activities, such as protocol finalization, clinical trial site identification, and submission of an IND application to the FDA for investigating cytisinicline in nicotine e-cigarette users. In November 2021, we announced that the FDA had completed their review and accepted the IND application to investigate cytisinicline as a cessation treatment in this population. In June 2022, following NIDA/NIH review of completed milestones, we announced that we were awarded the next grant funding from NIDA in the amount of approximately 2.5 million to conduct the ORCA-V1 Phase 2 clinical study evaluating cytisinicline in 160 adult nicotine e-cigarette users in the United States. The full grant award of 2.8 million is expected to cover approximately half of the ORCA-V1 clinical study costs. If amounts allocated to federal grants were reduced or eliminated, we would be required to fund the shortfall in the ORCA-V1 clinical study costs, which may result in delay of initiation of or cancellation of the study. 
 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, principal investigators, or CROs may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or misconduct by employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, principal investigators, or CROs, which could include intentional, reckless, negligent, or unintentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, comply with applicable fraud and abuse laws, provide accurate information to the FDA, report financial information or data accurately, or disclose unauthorized activities to us. This misconduct could also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter this type of misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. Further, even if we are successful in asserting a defense, we may incur substantial costs in preparing and maintaining our defense and any such action would be time- and resource-intensive and potentially divert management s attention from the business, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Business Operations 
 It is difficult to evaluate our current business, predict our future prospects and forecast our financial performance and growth. 
 To date our business activities have been focused primarily on the development and regulatory approval of cytisinicline and its various alternative forms. Although we have not generated revenue to date, we expect that, after any regulatory approval, any receipt of revenue will be attributable to sales of cytisinicline, primarily in the United States, the EU (including the U.K.) and Asia. Because we devote substantially all of our resources to the development of cytisinicline and rely on cytisinicline as our sole source of potential revenue for the foreseeable future, any factors that negatively impact this product, or result in decreasing product sales, would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 38 

Our future success depends in part on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate other qualified personnel. 
 We will need to expand and effectively manage our managerial, operational, financial, development and other resources in order to successfully pursue our development and commercialization efforts for our existing and future product candidates. We expect to need additional scientific, technical, operational, financial and other personnel. Our success depends on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified personnel, such as management, clinical and preclinical personnel, including our executive chairman Richard Stewart and our executive officers John Bencich, Cindy Jacobs, Anthony Clarke and Jaime Xinos. In addition, although we have entered into employment agreements with each of Mr. Stewart, Mr. Bencich, Dr. Jacobs, Dr. Clarke and Ms. Xinos, such agreements permit those executives to terminate their employment with us at any time, subject to providing us with advance written notice. 
 We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms, if at all, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for individuals with similar skill sets. In addition, failure to succeed in development and commercialization of cytisinicline may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, or the loss of the services of our current personnel may impede the progress of our research, development, and commercialization objectives and would negatively impact our ability to succeed in our product development strategy. 
 We will need to expand our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We may need to expand our organization, which may require us to divert a disproportionate amount of our attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in its infrastructure, operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees, and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Expanded growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. If we are unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenue could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 
 In the future, we may invest in the development of additional indications for cytisinicline. If we invest in and are unsuccessful in developing additional indications for cytisinicline, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 In the future, we may invest in the research and development of new indications for cytisinicline to address nicotine addictions associated with the use of e-cigarette, or vaping, products. Given their recent introduction, the use of vaping products is not fully understood which may increase the risk of failure in this area. We are pursuing clinical studies in users of e-cigarettes and have been awarded a grant by the NIDA/NIH to evaluate the use of cytisinicline as a treatment for cessation of nicotine e-cigarette use. Continued grant funding under the award will still be subject to availability of funds at the NIDA/NIH, and such funding will not be sufficient to cover the full clinical costs of the ongoing Phase 2 trial. We expect that we will need to invest significant amounts of capital to complete the ongoing Phase 2 trial and pursue development of an e-cigarette cessation indication. If we are unable to provide such additional capital when needed, we may be unable to complete the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of an e-cigarette cessation indication. 
 
 The development of additional indications for cytisinicline is highly uncertain. During the research and development cycle, we may expend significant time and resources on developing additional indications without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of additional indications, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. Further, any new indications may not be accepted by physicians and the medical community at large, and competitors may develop and market equivalent or superior products. Failure to launch commercially successful new indications for cytisinicline after significant investment could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 39 

Our internal computer systems, or those of our third-party collaborators or other service providers, may fail or suffer security breaches and cyber - attacks, which could result in a material disruption of our development programs. 
 We believe that we take reasonable steps that are designed to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the information we collect, use, store, and disclose, but inadvertent or unauthorized data access may occur despite our efforts. For example, our system protections may be ineffective or inadequate, or we could be impacted by software bugs or other technical malfunctions, as well as employee error or malfeasance. Additionally, privacy and data protection laws are evolving, and it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data handling safeguards and practices that could result in fines, lawsuits, and other penalties, and significant changes to our or our third-party collaborators or service providers business practices and products and service offerings. To the extent that the measures we or our third-party collaborators or service providers have taken prove to be insufficient or inadequate, we may become subject to litigation, breach notification obligations, or regulatory or administrative sanctions, which could result in significant fines, penalties, damages, harm to our reputation, or loss of customers. While we have not experienced any material losses as a result of any system failure, accident or security breach to date, we have been the subject of certain phishing attempts in the past. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions. Additionally, a party who circumvents our security measures could, among other effects, appropriate patient information or other proprietary data, cause interruptions in our operations, or expose our collaborators to hacks, viruses, and other disruptions. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. In addition, insurance coverage to compensate for any losses associated with such events may not be adequate to cover all potential losses. The development and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. 
 To the extent that any disruption, security breach, or cyber-attack were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of personal, confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, in the event of a data breach or other unauthorized access to our patient data, we may also have obligations to notify patients and regulators about the incident, and we may need to provide some form of remedy, such as a subscription to credit monitoring services, pay significant fines to one or more regulators, or pay compensation in connection with a class-action settlement (including under the new private right of action under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which is expected to increase security breach litigation). Such breach notification laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Complying with these obligations could cause us to incur substantial costs and could increase negative publicity surrounding any incident that compromises customer data. Additionally, the financial exposure from the events referenced above could either not be insured against or not be fully covered through any insurance that we may maintain, and there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in any of our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages as a result of the events referenced above. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 
 We expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture cytisinicline for use in clinical trials, and we intend to exclusively rely on Sopharma to produce and process cytisinicline, if approved. Our commercialization of cytisinicline could be stopped, delayed or made less profitable if Sopharma fails to obtain approval of government regulators, fails to provide us with sufficient quantities of product, or fails to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 
 
 We do not currently have, nor do we currently plan to develop, the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture our clinical supplies for use in the conduct of our clinical trials, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture cytisinicline on a clinical or commercial scale. We currently exclusively rely on Sopharma to manufacture cytisinicline for use in clinical trials and plan to continue relying on Sopharma to manufacture cytisinicline on a commercial scale, if approved. 
 40 

Our reliance on Sopharma exposes us to the following additional risks: 

Sopharma might be unable to timely manufacture cytisinicline or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any 

we may be unable to identify manufacturers other than Sopharma on acceptable terms or at all 

Sopharma may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures appropriately 

Sopharma may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products 

Sopharma is or will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMPs and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over Sopharma s compliance with these regulations and standards 

we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by Sopharma in the manufacturing process for cytisinicline 

we do not own all the intellectual property rights to cytisinicline, and Sopharma could license such rights to third parties or begin supplying other third parties with cytisinicline and 

Sopharma could breach or terminate their agreement with us. 

 Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any of cytisinicline by the FDA or the commercialization of cytisinicline or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. 
 We rely on third party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, to package the cytisinicline used in our clinical trials. If any of these CMO s fail to timely deliver the supplies needed, then our clinical studies could be delayed materially. Third-party manufacturers may fail to perform under their contractual obligations, or may fail to deliver the required commercial product on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices. If we are required to identify and qualify an alternate manufacturer, we may be forced to delay or suspend our clinical trials. We expect to continue to depend on third-party contract manufacturers for the foreseeable future. 
 The manufacture of medical products is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of medical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up and validating initial production and absence of contamination. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in the supply of cytisinicline or in the Sopharma manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot be assured that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of cytisinicline will not occur in the future. Additionally, Sopharma may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or political instability in the countries in which Sopharma conducts its operations. For example, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine may increase the likelihood of supply interruptions and hinder our ability to find the materials we need to make our product candidate. If Sopharma were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with its contractual obligations, our ability to provide our product candidate to patients in clinical trials could be delayed or suspended. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. Similar political instability could also harm the commercial production and supply of cytisinicline in the event that cytisinicline is ultimately approved for commercial sale . 
 In June 2021, Pfizer Inc. halted the distribution of its smoking cessation drug, Chantix (varenicline), after heightened levels, above the FDA s acceptable daily intake limit, of nitrosamines were found in some lots of Chantix pills. In September 2021, Pfizer announced a nationwide recall in the United States of all lots of Chantix and have also withdrawn the product in other countries around the globe. We have undertaken a review of c ytisinicline in accordance with regulatory guidance to assess the risk of the presence of nitrosamine and other potential impurities. If contaminants, or impurities such as nitrosamines, are discovered in quantities above regulators thresholds within our supply of c ytisinicline, we may potentially delay product development and approval or have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 41 

We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and perform other services. If these third parties do not successfully perform and comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval or commercialize cytisinicline and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We plan to rely upon third-party CROs to conduct, monitor and manage our ongoing clinical programs. We rely on these parties for execution of clinical trials and manage and control only some aspects of their activities. We remain responsible for ensuring that each of our trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs and other vendors are required to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines, including those required by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for all of our product candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations and guidelines, the results generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot be assured that our CROs and other vendors will meet these requirements, or that upon inspection by any regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that efforts, including any of our clinical trials, comply with applicable requirements. Our failure to comply with these laws, regulations and guidelines may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would be costly and delay the regulatory approval process. 
 If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs in a timely manner or do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs may not prioritize our clinical trials relative to those of other customers and any turnover in personnel or delays in the allocation of CRO employees by the CRO may negatively affect our clinical trials. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, continued development of cytisinicline may be delayed or terminated and we may not be able to meet our current plans with respect to cytisinicline. CROs may also involve higher costs than anticipated, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operations. 
 We may not be able to establish or maintain the third-party relationships that are necessary to develop or potentially commercialize cytisinicline. 
 Our business plan relies heavily on third party collaborators, partners, licensees, clinical research organizations, clinical investigators, vendors or other third parties to support our research and development efforts and to conduct clinical trials for cytisinicline. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully negotiate agreements for, or maintain relationships with, these third parties on a commercially reasonable basis, if at all. If we fail to establish or maintain such third-party relationships as anticipated, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to realize the potential benefits of any collaborations which we may enter into with other companies for the development and commercialization of cytisinicline. 
 We may enter into a collaboration with third parties concerning the development and/or commercialization of cytisinicline however, there is no guarantee that any such collaboration will be successful. Collaborations may pose a number of risks, including: 

collaborators often have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to the collaboration, and may not commit sufficient resources to the development, marketing or commercialization of cytisinicline 

collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected 

any such collaboration may significantly limit our share of potential future profits from the associated program, and may require us to relinquish potentially valuable rights to cytisinicline, or other potential products or proprietary technologies or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us 

collaborators may cease to devote resources to the development or commercialization of cytisinicline if the collaborators view cytisinicline as competitive with their own products or product candidates 

disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the course of development, might cause delays or termination of the development or commercialization of cytisinicline, and might result in legal proceedings, which would be time consuming, distracting and expensive 

42 

collaborators may be impacted by changes in their strategic focus or available funding, or business combinations involving them, which could cause them to divert resources away from the collaboration 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability 

the collaborations may not result in us achieving revenues to justify such transactions and 

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for us to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of cytisinicline. 

 As a result, a collaboration may not result in the successful development or commercialization of cytisinicline. 
 We enter into various contracts in the normal course of our business in which we indemnify the other party to the contract. In the event we have to perform under these indemnification provisions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into academic, commercial, service, collaboration, licensing, consulting and other agreements that contain indemnification provisions. With respect to our academic and other research agreements, we typically indemnify the institution and related parties from losses arising from claims relating to the products, processes or services made, used, sold or performed pursuant to the agreements for which we have secured licenses, and from claims arising from our or our sublicensees exercise of rights under the agreement. With respect to our collaboration agreements, we indemnify our collaborators from any third-party product liability claims that could result from the production, use or consumption of the product, as well as for alleged infringements of any patent or other intellectual property right by a third party. With respect to consultants, we indemnify them from claims arising from the good faith performance of their services. 
 Should our obligation under an indemnification provision exceed applicable insurance coverage or if we were denied insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Similarly, if we are relying on a collaborator to indemnify us and the collaborator is denied insurance coverage or the indemnification obligation exceeds the applicable insurance coverage, and if the collaborator does not have other assets available to indemnify us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may rely on third parties to perform many essential services for any of our current or future product candidates that we commercialize, including services related to warehousing and inventory control, distribution, government price reporting, customer service, accounts receivable management, cash collection, and adverse event reporting. If these third parties fail to perform as expected or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, our ability to commercialize any of our current or future product candidates will be significantly impacted and we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. 
 
 We may retain third party service providers to perform a variety of functions related to the sale and distribution of any of our current or future product candidates, key aspects of which will be out of our direct control. These service providers may provide key services related to warehousing and inventory control, distribution, government price reporting, customer service, accounts receivable management, and cash collection, and, as a result, most of our inventory may be stored at a single warehouse maintained by one such service provider. If we retain a service provider, we would substantially rely on it as well as other third party providers that perform services for us, including entrusting our inventories of products to their care and handling. If these third party service providers fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, fail to meet expected deadlines, or otherwise do not carry out their contractual duties to us, or encounter physical or natural damage at their facilities, our ability to deliver product to meet commercial demand would be significantly impaired and we may be subject to regulatory enforcement action. 
 
 In addition, we may engage third parties to perform various other services for us relating to adverse event reporting, safety database management, fulfillment of requests for medical information regarding our product candidates and related services. If the quality or accuracy of the data maintained by these service providers is insufficient, or these third parties otherwise fail to comply with regulatory requirements related to adverse event reporting, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions. 
 
 Additionally, if a third-party errs in calculating government pricing information from transactional data in our financial records, it could impact our discount and rebate liability and potentially cause government programs to overpay providers for our products, which could expose us to significant False Claims Act liability and other civil monetary penalties. 
 43 

Risks Related to Commercialization of Cytisinicline 
 We face substantial competition and our competitors may discover, develop or commercialize products faster or more successfully than us. 
 
 The development and commercialization of new products is highly competitive. We face competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, universities and other research institutions worldwide with respect to products for smoking cessation and other product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future. We are aware that many companies have therapeutics marketed or in development for smoking cessation. We expect that our competitors and potential competitors have historically dedicated, and will continue to dedicate, significant resources to aggressively develop and commercialize their products in order to take advantage of the significant market opportunity . 
 Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, name recognition, manufacturing, marketing, research, technical and other resources than us. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Further, our competitors may develop new products that are safer, more effective or more cost-efficient than cytisinicline. Large pharmaceutical companies in particular have extensive expertise in non-clinical and clinical testing and in obtaining regulatory approvals for products. In addition, academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection with respect to potentially competitive products or technologies. These organizations may also establish exclusive collaborative or licensing relationships with our competitors. Failure of cytisinicline to effectively compete against established treatment options or in the future with new products currently in development would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The commercial success of cytisinicline will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate reimbursement or insurance coverage for products, if any, could limit our ability to market cytisinicline and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 Even with the approvals from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the commercial success of cytisinicline will depend in part on the healthcare providers, patients, and third-party payors accepting cytisinicline as medically useful, cost-effective, and safe. Cytisinicline may not gain market acceptance by physicians, patients and third-party payors. The degree of market acceptance of cytisinicline will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to: 

the safety and efficacy, if any, of cytisinicline as demonstrated in clinical trials and potential advantages over competing treatments, if any 

the clinical indications for which approval is granted, if any, including any limitations or warnings contained in cytisinicline s approved labeling 

the cost of treatment 

the perceived ratio of risk and benefit of these therapies by physicians and the willingness of physicians to recommend the product to patients based on such risks and benefits 

the marketing, sales and distribution support for cytisinicline 

the publicity concerning cytisinicline or competing products and treatments 

the pricing and availability of third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement 

negative perceptions or experiences with our competitor s products may be ascribed to cytisinicline and 

availability of cytisinicline from other suppliers and/or distributors. 

 Even if cytisinicline displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile upon approval, market acceptance of cytisinicline remains uncertain. Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of cytisinicline, if any, may require significant investment and resources and may never be successful. Additionally, third-party payors, including governmental and private insurers, may also encourage the use of generic products instead of cytisinicline, or a generic version of cytisinicline, which require a prescription or may be available OTC. If our products fail to achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and other healthcare providers, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable. 
 The pricing, coverage, and reimbursement of cytisinicline, if any, must be sufficient to support our commercial efforts and other development programs and the availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors, including governmental and private insurers, are essential for most patients to be able to afford treatments. Sales of cytisinicline, if any, will 
 44 

depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of cytisinicline will be paid for or reimbursed by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or government payors and private payors. If coverage and reimbursement are not available, or are available only in limited amounts, we may have to subsidize or provide cytisinicline for free or we may not be able to successfully commercialize cytisinicline . 
 In addition, there is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved products. In the United States, the principal decisions about coverage and reimbursement for new products are typically made by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow the coverage reimbursement policies established by CMS to a substantial degree. It is difficult to predict what CMS will decide with respect to reimbursement for novel product candidates such as cytisinicline and what reimbursement codes cytisinicline may receive if approved. 
 Outside the United States, selling operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other price-restrictive regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada, and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of products. In many countries, the prices of products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. Price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our products, if any. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the potential revenue may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and private payors in the United States and abroad to limit or reduce healthcare costs may result in restrictions on coverage and the level of reimbursement for new products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with products due to the increasing trend toward managed healthcare, including the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription products, has and is expected to continue to increase in the future. As a result, profitability of cytisinicline, if any, may be more difficult to achieve even if regulatory approval is received. 
 Sopharma may breach its supply agreement with us and sell cytisinicline into our territories or permit third parties to export cytisinicline into our territories and negatively affect our commercialization efforts of our products in our territories. 
 We are currently dependent on the exclusivity provisions of our supply agreement with Sopharma to conduct our business and to prevent Sopharma from competing, directly and indirectly, with us in the United States and Western Europe. If Sopharma were to breach the exclusivity provisions of the supply agreement with us and sell or distribute cytisinicline directly into our territories or permit third parties to export cytisinicline into our territories, among other things, the increase in competition within our anticipated markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of cytisinicline, stolen products, or alternative third-party distribution and sale of cytisinicline could have a negative impact on our financial performance or reputation. 
 Cytisinicline is not eligible for composition of matter patents in the United States as it is a naturally occurring substance. As such, third parties are able to manufacture, sell or distribute cytisinicline without royalties or other payments to us and compete with our products in the United States and potentially worldwide and negatively impact our commercialization efforts of our products. We are aware of additional cytisinicline products approved in several European countries and we may not be able to block other third parties from launching generic versions of cytisinicline. Third parties may also sell or distribute cytisinicline as an herbal or homeopathic product. Other than regulatory exclusivity or other limitations, there may be little to nothing to stop these third parties from manufacturing, selling or distributing cytisinicline. Because we have no ability to set rigorous safety standards or control processes over third party manufacturers, sellers or distributors of cytisinicline, excluding Sopharma, these formulations of cytisinicline may be unsafe or cause adverse effects to patients and negatively impact the reputation of cytisinicline as a safe and effective smoking cessation aid. 
 Third parties could illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of cytisinicline, especially on online marketplaces, which do not meet the rigorous manufacturing and testing standards under cGMP. Counterfeit products are frequently unsafe or ineffective, and may even be life-threatening. Counterfeit medicines may contain harmful substances, the wrong dose of the active pharmaceutical ingredient or no active pharmaceutical ingredients at all. However, to distributors and users, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. 
 Reports of adverse reactions to counterfeit products, increased levels of counterfeiting, or unsafe cytisinicline products could materially affect patient confidence in our cytisinicline product. It is possible that adverse events caused by unsafe counterfeit or other cytisinicline products that we do not produce will mistakenly be attributed to our cytisinicline product. In addition, thefts of inventory that are not properly stored at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, and which are sold through unauthorized channels could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation, and our business. Public loss of confidence in the integrity in cytisinicline as a result of 
 45 

counterfeiting, theft, or improper manufacturing processes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 It is illegal to sell unapproved prescription medicines in the United States. Sopharma s cytisinicline brand is currently approved for sale in certain Central and Eastern European countries. Cytisinicline has not yet received a marketing approval from the FDA, and we intend to conduct the requisite clinical trials to obtain approval for the marketing of cytisinicline in the United States and in major global markets. We are aware that products purporting to be Sopharma s cytisinicline brand are available, via third party internet sites, for importation in the United States and other global markets. We have no control over the authenticity of products purchased through these sites, which may be counterfeit or sourced from distributors in Central and Eastern Europe without authorization to sell into the United States or EU. 
 We may attempt to form collaborations in the future with respect to cytisinicline, but we may not be able to do so, which may cause us to alter our development and commercialization plans. 
 We may attempt to form strategic collaborations, create joint ventures or enter into licensing arrangements with third parties with respect to our programs that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. We may face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic collaborators, and the negotiation process to secure appropriate terms is time consuming and complex. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish such a strategic collaboration for cytisinicline on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. This may be because cytisinicline may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort, our research and development pipeline may be viewed as insufficient, the competitive or intellectual property landscape may be viewed as too intense or risky, or cytisinicline s patent protection insufficient, and/or third parties may not view cytisinicline as having sufficient potential for commercialization, including the likelihood of an adequate safety and efficacy profile. 
 Any delays in identifying suitable collaborators and entering into agreements to develop and/or commercialize cytisinicline could delay the development or commercialization of cytisinicline, which may reduce our competitiveness even if we reach the market. Absent a strategic collaborator, we would need to undertake development and/or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake development and/or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may not be able to develop our product candidate cytisinicline or bring it to market and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may not be successful in any efforts to identify, license, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates. 
 Although a substantial amount of our effort will focus on clinical testing, approval, and potential commercialization of cytisinicline, our sole product candidate, the success of our business is also expected to depend in part upon our ability to identify, license, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial, and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. Our research programs or licensing efforts may fail to yield additional product candidates for clinical development and commercialization for a number of reasons, including but not limited to the following: 

our research or business development methodology or search criteria and process may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates 

we may not be able or willing to assemble sufficient resources to acquire or discover additional product candidates 

our potential product candidates may not succeed in non-clinical or clinical testing 

our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval 

competitors may develop alternatives that render our potential product candidates obsolete or less attractive 

potential product candidates we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights 

the market for a potential product candidate may change during our program so that such a product may become unreasonable to continue to develop 

46 

a potential product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all and 

a potential product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community, or third-party payors. 

 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, or we may not be able to identify, license, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to cytisinicline, product compounds and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Presently, we have rights to intellectual property through trade secrets, licenses, patents from third parties, and patents and applications that we own. Our product candidate may require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently, and these rights may be held by others. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could suffer. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective proprietary rights for our product candidate or any future product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our proposed markets. 
 We currently rely primarily on trade secret protection and on confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product candidate discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. Trade secrets can be difficult to protect, however, and even where they are protected, they generally provide less intellectual property protection to the holder of the trade secret than to a holder of a patent. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. 
 Although we expect all of our employees and consultants to assign their inventions to us, and all of our employees, consultants, advisors, and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed or that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets could impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating the trade secret. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 
 We are currently developing cytisinicline for smoking cessation. Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technology without infringing the patent rights of third parties. We are not aware of any patents or patent applications that would prevent the development, manufacture or marketing of cytisinicline for smoking cessation. 
 We are aware of U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties that cover certain other therapeutic uses of cytisinicline. We are currently monitoring these patents and patent applications. We may in the future pursue available 
 47 

proceedings in the United States and foreign patent offices to challenge the validity of these patents and patent applications. In addition, or alternatively, we may consider whether to seek to negotiate a license of rights to technology covered by one or more of such patents and patent applications for these certain additional therapeutic uses. If any third-party patents or patent applications cover our product candidates or technologies in other therapeutic uses, we may not be free to manufacture or market our product candidates for additional therapeutic uses, absent such a license, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 It is also possible that we have failed to identify relevant third-party patents or applications. For example, applications filed before November 29, 2000 and applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the United States remain confidential until patents issue. Moreover, it is difficult for industry participants, including us, to identify all third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our product candidates and technologies because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. We may fail to identify relevant patents or patent applications or may identify pending patent applications of potential interest but incorrectly predict the likelihood that such patent applications may issue with claims of relevance to our technology. In addition, we may be unaware of one or more issued patents that would be infringed by the manufacture, sale or use of a current or future product candidate, or we may incorrectly conclude that a third-party patent is invalid, unenforceable or not infringed by our activities. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to specified limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our product candidates or the use of our product candidates. 
 There have been many lawsuits and other proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions, and reexamination proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and corresponding foreign patent offices. U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidate. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidate may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties . 
 Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
 We intend to rely on patent rights for certain aspects of our product candidates and certain future product candidates. If we are unable to obtain or maintain an adequate proprietary position from this approach, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
 Although we rely or will rely primarily on trade secret protection as part of our intellectual property rights strategies, we also intend to rely on patent rights to protect certain aspects of our technologies and upon the patent rights of third parties from which we license certain of our technologies. 
 We have sought to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the U.K., United States and certain other countries around the world related to future product candidates. This process is expensive and time consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or at all. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection . 
 The patent position of pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions for which legal principles remain unsolved. The patent applications that we own may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates in the United States or in other foreign countries. There is no assurance that all potentially relevant prior art relating to our patent applications or our patents (once issued) have been found, which can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. Even if patents do successfully issue, and even if such patents cover our future product candidates, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability, or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, found unenforceable or invalidated. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property, provide exclusivity for our future product candidates, or prevent others from designing around our claims. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue, the breadth of any such patent or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us after patent issuance could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of 
 48 

any future product candidates that we may develop. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a future product candidate under patent protection could be reduced. 
 If we cannot obtain and maintain effective protection of exclusivity from our regulatory efforts and intellectual property rights, including patent protection or data exclusivity, for our product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involves both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming, and inherently uncertain. In addition, the United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents once obtained, if any. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future . 
 In Assoc. for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc. , the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain claims to naturally occurring substances are not patentable. Cytisinicline is a naturally occurring product and is not patentable. Our intellectual property strategy involves novel formulations of cytisinicline and there is no guarantee that such patents will be issued or if issued, will be broad enough to prevent competitors from developing competing cytisinicline products. Although we do not believe that any patents that may issue from our pending patent applications directed at our product candidate, if issued in their currently pending forms, as well as patent rights licensed by us, will be found invalid based on this decision, we cannot predict how future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patent rights. There could be similar changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions that may impact the value of our patent rights or our other intellectual property rights. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 We employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we have written agreements and make every effort to ensure that our employees, consultants, and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or intellectual property rights of others in their work for us, we may in the future be subject to any claims that our employees, consultants, or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 
 It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and as a result we may not be able to ensure their protection. In addition, patents have a limited lifespan and will eventually expire. 
 
 Market exclusivity awarded by the FDA upon the approval of an NDA is limited in scope and duration. Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining, maintaining, enforcing, and defending against third party challenges, patent and trade secret protection for our current and future product candidates that we may develop, license or acquire, as well as the related manufacturing methods. We will be able to protect our technologies from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that the technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets. 
 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive and time consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, should we enter into additional collaborations we may be required to consult with or cede control to collaborators regarding the prosecution, maintenance, and enforcement of our patent applications and patents. Therefore, these patents and patent applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical or biotechnology patents has emerged to date in the United States. The patent situation outside the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in 
 49 

interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents and patent applications or in third party patents and patent applications. The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. Moreover, the patent application process is also subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our future development partners will be successful in protecting any of our current or future product candidates that we may develop, license, or acquire by obtaining and defending patents. For example: 

we may not have been the first to conceive of and reduce to practice the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications and issued patents 

we may not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our product candidates or technologies 

it is possible that none of the pending patent applications will result in issued patents 

the issued patents may not cover commercially viable active products, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable 

patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business 

noncompliance with requirements of governmental patent agencies can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction, potentially allowing competitors to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case 

our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our potential product candidates or 

there may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of available patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns. 

Patents have a limited lifespan. In most countries, including the United States, the expiration of a patent is typically 20 years from the date that the application for the patent is filed. Various extensions of patent term may be available in particular countries however, in all circumstances the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, has a limited term. If we encounter delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product under patent protection could be reduced. We expect to seek extensions of patent terms where these are available in any countries where we are prosecuting patents. Such possible extensions include those permitted under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 in the United States, which permits a patent term extension of up to five years to cover an FDA approved product. The actual length of the extension will depend on the amount of patent term lost while the product was in clinical trials. However, the applicable authorities, including the USPTO and the FDA in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. If this occurs, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data, and then may be able to launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 
 50 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 
 
 The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent prosecution process. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other governmental fees on patents or patent applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ and rely on reputable law firms and other professionals to effect payment of these fees to the USPTO and non U.S. patent agencies for the patents and patent applications we own and those that we in license. We also employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply with the various documentary and other procedural requirements with respect to the patents and patent applications that we own and those that we in license. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. 
 
 Competitors may infringe our issued patents, our in-licensed patents, or other intellectual property that we own or in-license. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 
 
 Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater resources than we do. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation longer than we could. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our internal research programs, in-license needed technology, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 
 
 We or our licensors may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting, and defending patent applications and patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but where enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our or our licensors intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 51 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The price for our common stock is volatile. 
 The market prices for our common stock and that of early-stage pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other life sciences companies have historically been particularly volatile. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 

our ability to raise additional capital, the terms of such capital, and our ability to continue as a going concern 

the ability of us or our partners to develop cytisinicline and other product candidates and conduct clinical trials that demonstrate such product candidates are safe and effective 

the ability of us or our partners to obtain regulatory approvals for cytisinicline or other product candidates, and delays or failures to obtain such approvals 

failure of any of our product candidates to demonstrate safety and efficacy, receive regulatory approval and achieve commercial success 

failure to maintain our existing third-party license, manufacturing and supply agreements 

failure by us or our licensors to prosecute, maintain, or enforce our intellectual property rights 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our candidates 

any inability to obtain adequate supply of product candidates or the inability to do so at acceptable prices 

adverse regulatory authority decisions 

introduction of new or competing products by our competitors 

failure to meet or exceed financial and development projections we may provide to the public 

the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by us or our competitors 

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our technologies 

additions or departures of key personnel 

significant lawsuits, including intellectual property or stockholder litigation 

if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our business and stock 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies 

general market or macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical conditions, including the current global economic recession, increasing inflation and interest rates, the continued COVID-19 pandemic and the increasingly volatile global economic conditions resulting from the conflict in Ukraine 

sales of our common stock us or our stockholders in the future 

trading volume of our common stock 

adverse publicity relating to our markets generally, including with respect to other products and potential products in such markets 

 52 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems 

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results and 

tweets or other social media posts related to our market and industry. 

 Moreover, the stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. An increase in the market price of our common stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable, may be the sole source of gain from an investment in our common stock. An investment in our common stock may not be appropriate for investors who require dividend income. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for stockholders for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, an investment in our common stock may not be appropriate for investors who require dividend income or investors who are not prepared to bear a significant risk of losses from such an investment. 
 The issuance or sale of additional shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline and result in dilution to our existing stockholders . 
 In December 2021, we entered into an At-the-Market Offering Sales Agreement, or ATM, with Virtu Americas, LLC, as sales agent, pursuant to which we may sell shares of common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to 25 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 200,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM. As of December 31, 2022, shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of 23.5 million remained available for sale under the ATM. Also in December 2021, we entered into a 25.0 million contingent convertible debt agreement, or Debt Agreement, with Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P., or, together with SVB, the Lenders, which was amended in April 2022. As part of the contingent convertible debt agreement, the Lenders funded 15.0 million in the form of convertible indebtedness, or Convertible Debt, at closing. Subject to certain terms and conditions, the Lenders may convert all or any part of the outstanding Convertible Debt and accrued and unpaid interest at any time prior to maturity into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to 9.34 per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Additionally, all outstanding Convertible Debt, including accrued and unpaid interest, will mandatorily convert into shares of our common stock, at the conversion price, on such date, if any, when the closing price per share of our common stock has been equal to or greater than 24.00 for 30 consecutive trading days prior to such date. On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which also appointed the FDIC as receiver. W e are aware that there can be no assurance that the Term Loans will be available to us for borrowing nor whether SVB or any successor lender(s) will be willing to work with the Company on any modifications to the current Convertible Debt or Term Loan agreements . Any amounts due under the Convertible Debt, including interest payments, will remain payable to any successor lender(s). In addition, we have warrants outstanding to purchase up to approximately 5,333,088 shares of common stock, at a weighted-average exercise price of 7.26 per share . 
 The sale of additional shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM, the conversion of the Convertible Debt into shares of our common stock, or the exercise of any of our outstanding warrants would have a dilutive impact on our existing stockholders. Sales under the ATM, the conversion of the Convertible Debt or the exercise of any of our outstanding warrants, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly. Sales of our common stock under the ATM, the conversion of the Convertible Debt, the exercise of any of our outstanding warrants or the perception that such events will occur, could also encourage short sales by third parties, which could contribute to the further decline of the price of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock under the ATM, the conversion of the Convertible Debt, the exercise of any of our outstanding warrants or the perception that such events will occur, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish. 
 In addition, i n the future, we plan to raise additional capital through private placements or public offerings of our equity or debt securities. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that we raise additional financing by issuing equity securities, we may do so at a price per share that represents a discount to the then-current per share trading price of our common stock and our stockholders may experience significant dilution. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business . 
 53 

Because our merger resulted in an ownership change under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code for OncoGenex , pre-merger net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes are now subject to limitations. 
 If a corporation undergoes an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the corporation s net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes arising from before the ownership change are subject to limitations on use after the ownership change. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in the corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders that exceeds fifty percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Our 2017 merger involving OncoGenex and Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. resulted in an ownership change for OncoGenex and, accordingly, OncoGenex s net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will be subject to limitations on their use after the merger. Additional ownership changes in the future could result in additional limitations on the combined organization s net operating loss carryforwards. Consequently, even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on cash flow and results of operations. 
 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business, or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not have any control over the equity research analysts that provide research coverage of our common stock or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrades our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 We are at risk of securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities, including in circumstances where such declines occur in close proximity to the announcement of clinical trial results. Additionally, our stock price and those of other biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies. 
 We incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses associated with public company reporting requirements. We also incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Capital Market. These rules and regulations impose significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. In addition, it may be difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers, which may adversely affect investor confidence and could cause our business or stock price to suffer. 
 If we raise additional capital, the terms of the financing transactions may cause dilution to existing stockholders or contain terms that are not favorable to us. 
 In the future, we plan to raise additional capital through private placements or public offerings of our equity or debt securities. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that we raise additional financing by issuing equity securities, we may do so at a price per share that represents a discount to the then-current per share trading price of our common stock and our stockholders may experience significant dilution. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business . 
 
 Shareholder activists could cause a disruption to our business. 
 
 An activist investor may indicate disagreement with our strategic direction or capital allocation policies and may seek representation on our board of directors. Our business, operating results or financial condition could be adversely affected and may result in, among other things: 
 
 54 

increased operating costs, including increased legal expenses, insurance, administrative expenses and associated costs incurred in connection with director election contests 

uncertainties as to our future direction, which could result in the loss of potential business opportunities and could make it more difficult to attract, retain, or motivate qualified personnel, and strain relationships with investors and customers and 

reduction or delay in our ability to effectively execute our current business strategy and to implement new strategies. 

 Anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. 
 Because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively will provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of the board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management. 
 Our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are currently a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act, and are thus allowed to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings, are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that an independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in our SEC filings. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive because of our reliance on any of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 U.S. federal tax reform and changes in other tax laws could increase our tax burden and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 In December 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, significantly reforming the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. These changes include, among others, (i) a permanent reduction to the corporate income tax rate, (ii) a partial limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense, (iii) a shift of the U.S. taxation of multinational corporations from a tax on worldwide income to a territorial system (along with certain rules designed to prevent erosion of the U.S. income tax base) and (iv) a one-time tax on accumulated offshore earnings held in cash and illiquid assets, with the latter taxed at a lower rate. 
 In addition, beginning in 2022, the recently enacted tax legislation will require research and experimental expenditures to be capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such expenditures attributable to research conducted outside the United States must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. 
 Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of this tax reform is uncertain, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. Furthermore, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the enacted federal tax law or any newly enacted federal legislation. In addition, new legislation or regulation which could affect our tax burden could be enacted by any governmental authority. We cannot predict the timing or extent of such tax related developments which could have a negative impact on our financial results. Additionally, we use our best judgment in attempting to quantify and reserve for these tax obligations. However, a challenge by a taxing authority, our ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax related assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 55 

I TEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

I TEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

 We have a business office located in Vancouver, British Columbia. 
 On November 19, 2018, we entered into a lease agreement for our office space in Vancouver, British Columbia, which commenced on February 1, 2019, and had a four-year term. On December 16, 2022, we entered into an agreement to extend the lease for another two-year term, which commenced on February 1, 2023. Pursuant to this lease, we rent approximately 2,367 square feet of office space. The annual rent is approximately 0.1 million. 
 We believe that the facility we currently lease is sufficient for our anticipated near-term needs. 

I TEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, in management s opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations or financial position. There are no material proceedings to which any director, officer or any of our affiliates, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of our voting securities, or any associate of any such director, officer, our affiliates, or security holder, is a party adverse to us or our consolidated subsidiary or has a material interest adverse thereto. 

I TEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

 Not applicable. 

56 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Our common stock first began trading on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol SNUS on October 12, 1995. In connection with a corporate transaction and name change, our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the stock symbol OGXI , effective August 21, 2008. Following the completion of a corporate transaction and name change, our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the stock symbol ACHV , effective August 2, 2017. 
 No cash dividends have been paid on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As of February 22, 2023, there were approximately 28 stockholders of record. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 The information required by this item regarding equity compensation plan information is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 No purchases of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 were made by us or on our behalf. 
 
 On February 4, 2022, we issued 3,584 in unregistered shares of common stock pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act to one of our vendors as part of a non-monetary barter transaction for the settlement of trade payables owed. 

ITE M 6. 
 
 RESERVED 

57 

I TEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, intend, could, estimate, or continue, and similar expressions or variations. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors and in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 is included in Item 7 of Part II, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. 
 Overview 
 Our focus is to address the global smoking health and nicotine addiction epidemic through the development and commercialization of cytisinicline. Tobacco use is currently the leading cause of preventable death that is responsible for more than eight million deaths worldwide and nearly half a million deaths in the United States annually. More than 87 of lung cancer deaths, 61 of all pulmonary disease deaths, and 32 of all deaths from coronary heart disease are attributable to smoking and exposure to secondhand smoke. 
 In addition, there are nearly 11 million adults in the United States who use e-cigarettes, also known as vaping. While nicotine e-cigarettes are thought to be less harmful than combustible cigarettes, they remain addictive and can deliver harmful chemicals which can cause lung injury or cardiovascular disease. In 2021, e-cigarettes were the most commonly used tobacco product reported by 1.72 million high school students. Research shows adolescents who have used e-cigarettes are seven times more likely to become smokers one year later compared to those who have never vaped. Currently, there are no U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, approved treatments indicated specifically as an aid to nicotine e-cigarette cessation. 
 Cytisinicline is a plant-based alkaloid with a high binding affinity to the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. It is believed to aid in treating nicotine addiction for smoking and e-cigarette cessation by interacting with nicotine receptors in the brain, reducing the severity of withdrawal symptoms, and reducing the reward and satisfaction associated with nicotine products. Cytisinicline is an investigational product candidate being developed for treatment of nicotine addiction and has not been approved by the FDA for any indication in the United States. 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date. We have never been profitable and have incurred operating losses in each year since inception. Our net loss was 42.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 135.9 million, cash and cash equivalents balance of 24.8 million and a positive working capital balance of 5.7 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operations was 37.5 million. 
 Substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to material uncertainty and dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing. We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years as we continue our clinical development of, and seek regulatory approval for, cytisinicline and add personnel necessary to operate as a public company with an advanced clinical candidate. We expect that our operating losses will fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to timing of clinical development programs and efforts to achieve regulatory approval. Without additional funds, we may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some of our research and development activities or other operations and potentially delay product development in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations. If any of these events occurs, our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. 
 Our current resources are insufficient to fund our planned operations for the next twelve months. We will continue to require substantial additional capital to continue our clinical development activities. Accordingly, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to continue to fund our operations from the sale of our securities, debt, partnering arrangements, non-dilutive fundraising or other financing transactions in order to finance the remaining development and commercialization of our product candidate. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our clinical development efforts. The uncertainty with respect to our operations and the market generally due to increasing interest rates and inflation may also make it challenging to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. Failure to raise capital as and when needed, on favorable terms or at all, will have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop our product candidate. 
 58 

Our accompanying financial results have been prepared assuming we will continue to operate as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The financial results do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Such adjustments could be material . 
 License & Supply Agreements 
 Sopharma License and Supply Agreements 
 We are party to a license agreement, or the Sopharma License Agreement, and a supply agreement, or the Sopharma Supply Agreement, with Sopharma. Pursuant to the Sopharma License Agreement, we were granted access to all available manufacturing, efficacy and safety data related to cytisinicline, as well as a granted patent in several European countries related to new oral dosage forms of cytisinicline providing enhanced stability. Additional rights granted under the Sopharma License Agreement include the exclusive use of, and the right to sublicense, certain cytisinicline trademarks in all territories described in the Sopharma License Agreement. Under the Sopharma License Agreement, we agreed to pay a nonrefundable license fee. In addition, we agreed to make certain royalty payments equal to a mid-single digit percentage of all net sales of cytisinicline products in our territory during the term of the Sopharma License Agreement, including those sold by a third party pursuant to any sublicense which may be granted by us. To date, any amounts paid to Sopharma pursuant to the Sopharma License Agreement have been immaterial. 
 University of Bristol License Agreement 
 In July 2016, we entered into a license agreement with the University of Bristol, or the University of Bristol License Agreement. Under the University of Bristol License Agreement, we received exclusive and nonexclusive licenses from the University of Bristol to certain patent and technology rights resulting from research activities into cytisinicline and its derivatives, including a number of patent applications related to novel approaches to cytisinicline binding at the nicotinic receptor level. 
 In consideration of rights granted by the University of Bristol, we paid a nominal license fee and agreed to pay amounts of up to 3.2 million, in the aggregate, tied to a financing milestone and to specific clinical development and commercialization milestones resulting from activities covered by the University of Bristol License Agreement. Additionally, if we successfully commercialize any product candidates subject to the University of Bristol License Agreement, we are responsible for royalty payments in the low-single digits and payments up to a percentage in the mid-teens of any sublicense income, subject to specified exceptions, based upon net sales of such licensed products. 
 On January 22, 2018, we and the University of Bristol entered into an amendment to the University of Bristol License Agreement. Pursuant to the amended University of Bristol License Agreement we received exclusive rights for all human medicinal uses of cytisinicline across all therapeutic categories from the University of Bristol from research activities into cytisinicline and its derivatives. In consideration of rights granted by the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, we agreed to pay an initial amount of 37,500 upon the execution of the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, and additional amounts of up to 1.7 million, in the aggregate, tied to a financing milestone and to specific clinical development and commercialization milestones resulting from activities covered by the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, in addition to amounts under the original University of Bristol License Agreement of up to 3.2 million in the aggregate, tied to specific financing, development and commercialization milestones. Additionally, if we successfully commercialize any product candidate subject to the amended University of Bristol License Agreement or to the original University of Bristol License Agreement, we will be responsible, as provided in the original University of Bristol License Agreement, for royalty payments in the low-single digits and payments up to a percentage in the mid-teens of any sublicense income, subject to specified exceptions, based upon net sales of such licensed products. Up to December 31, 2022, we had paid the University of Bristol 125,000 pursuant to the University of Bristol License Agreement . 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development, or R&D, expenses consist primarily of costs for clinical trials, contract manufacturing, personnel costs, milestone payments to third parties, facilities, regulatory activities, non-clinical studies and allocations of other R&D-related costs. External expenses for clinical trials include fees paid to clinical research organizations, clinical trial site costs and patient treatment costs. 
 We manage our clinical trials through contract research organizations and independent medical investigators at our sites and at hospitals and expect this practice to continue. Due to our ability to utilize resources across several projects, we do not record or maintain information regarding the indirect operating costs incurred for our R&D programs on a program-specific basis. In addition, we believe that allocating costs on the basis of time incurred by our employees does not accurately reflect the actual costs of a project. 
 59 

We expect our R&D expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to conduct our ongoing non-clinical studies, and initiate new clinical trials and registration-enabling activities. The process of conducting clinical trials and non-clinical studies necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming and we may never succeed in achieving marketing approval for cytisinicline . (See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Development of Our Product Candidate Cytisinicline . 
 Successful development of cytisinicline is highly uncertain and may not result in an approved product. We cannot estimate completion dates for development activities or when we might receive material net cash inflows from our R&D projects, if ever. We anticipate we will make determinations as to which markets, and therefore, which regulatory approvals, to pursue and how much funding to direct toward achieving regulatory approval in each market on an ongoing basis in response to our ability to enter into new strategic alliances with respect to each program or potential product candidate, the scientific and clinical success of each future product candidate, and ongoing assessments as to each future product candidate s commercial potential. We will need to raise additional capital and may seek additional strategic alliances in the future in order to advance our various programs. 
 Our projects or intended R&D activities may be subject to change from time to time as we evaluate results from completed studies, our R&D priorities and available resources. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for our personnel in executive, finance and accounting, corporate communications and other administrative functions, as well as consulting costs, including market research, business consulting, human resources and intellectual property. Other costs include professional fees for legal and auditing services, insurance and facility costs. 
 Results of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Our research and development expenses for our clinical development programs were as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Clinical development programs: 

Cytisinicline 

30,078 

23,966 

Total research and development expenses 

30,078 

23,966 

Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 30.1 million and 24.0 million, respectively. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to timing of the initiation of our Phase 3 ORCA-3 trial, which was initiated in January 2022, and our ORCA-V1 trial, which was initiated in June 2022, as compared to our Phase 3 ORCA-2 trial, which was initiated in October 2020 and ramped up through the first half of 2021. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our general and administrative expenses were as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Total general and administrative expenses 

10,722 

9,128 

G&A expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 10.7 million and 9.1 million, respectively. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher employee expenses associated with stock-based compensation, higher clinical trial media and awareness expenses, increase in consulting costs for NDA preparedness and strategy, higher legal fees associated with increase in patent activity and increases in premiums for insurance. 
 60 

Other Income Expenses 
 Other expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.6 million and 0.1 million, respectively. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was due mainly to interest expense on our convertible debt, this was partially offset by higher interest income in 2022 as a result of higher interest rates. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have incurred an accumulated deficit of 135.9 million through December 31, 2022 and we expect to incur substantial additional losses in the future as we operate our business and continue or expand our R&D activities and other operations. We have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and we may not generate product sales revenue in the near future, if ever. As of December 31, 2022, we had a cash and cash equivalents balance of 24.8 million and a positive working capital balance of 5.7 million. 
 The financial results have been prepared assuming we will continue to operate as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 
 Substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to material uncertainty and dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing. We have historically financed our operations through equity and debt financings. There can be no assurance that financing from these or other sources will be available to us in the future. Without additional funds, we may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some of our research and development activities or other operations and potentially delay product development in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations. If any of these events occur, our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. The uncertainty with respect to our operations and the capital markets generally may make it challenging to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. The uncertainty with respect to our operations and the market generally due to increasing interest rates and inflation may also make it challenging to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, we expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years as we continue our clinical development of, seek regulatory approval for, and commercialize, cytisinicline and add personnel necessary to operate as a commercial-stage public company. We expect that our operating losses will fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to timing of clinical development programs and efforts to achieve regulatory approval. 
 Our current resources are insufficient to fund our planned operations for the next twelve months. We will continue to require substantial additional capital to continue our clinical development activities. Accordingly, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to continue to fund our operations from the sale of our securities, debt, partnering arrangements, non-dilutive fundraising or other financing transactions in order to finance the remaining development and commercialization of our product candidate. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our clinical development efforts. Failure to raise capital as and when needed, on favorable terms or at all, will have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop our product candidate. 
 
 The consolidated financial results do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Such adjustments could be material. 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any commitments or obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from arrangements with unconsolidated entities or persons that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements or capital resources. 
 May 2021 Public Offering 
 On May 27, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of our securities, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 3,285,714 shares of our common stock, including 428,571 shares subject to the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, or the May Shares. The May Shares were sold at the public offering price of 7.00 per share. 
 The underwritten public offering raised total gross proceeds of approximately 23.0 million and after deducting approximately 1.7 million in underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 21.3 million. The underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses have been charged against the gross proceeds. 
 61 

Convertible Debt and Term Loan 
 
 On December 22, 2021, we entered into a 25.0 million contingent convertible debt agreement, or Original Debt Agreement, with Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P., or, together with SVB, the Lenders. As part of the Original Debt Agreement, the Lenders funded 15.0 million in the form of convertible indebtedness, or Convertible Debt, at closing. On April 26, 2022, we entered into (i) a loan and security agreement, or Loan Agreement, with SVB for the 10.0 million remaining in the Original Debt Agreement, pursuant to which SVB provided a commitment to extend term loans having an aggregate original principal amount of up to 10.0 million, or Term Loans, and (ii) a first amendment to the Original Debt Agreement, or the Amendment, and as amended by the Amendment, the Debt Agreement. 
 
 Under the terms of the agreement, the Convertible Debt matures on December 22, 2023 and may be extended to December 22, 2024 upon our written request and SVB s approval on or prior to December 22, 2023. The Convertible Debt will accrue interest at the aggregate of (a) a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 2.25 and (ii) the prime rate minus 1.0 , which interest is payable in cash monthly in arrears, and (b) 7.0 per annum, which interest shall compound monthly. 
 
 Subject to certain terms and conditions, the Lenders may convert all or any part of the outstanding Convertible Debt and accrued and unpaid interest at any time prior to maturity into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to 9.34 per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Additionally, all outstanding Convertible Debt, including accrued and unpaid interest, will mandatorily convert into shares of our common stock, at the conversion price, on such date, if any, when the closing price per share of our common stock has been equal to or greater than 24.00 for thirty consecutive trading days prior to such date. 
 
 We have the right, or Call Right, at any time to repay and retire all (but not less than all) of the outstanding Convertible Debt and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, prior to its conversion by payment of a premium determined based on the date of such repayment equal to: 

125 of the principal amount of the Convertible Debt including accrued paid-in-kind interest, or PIK, if the Call Right is exercised on or before the 18-month anniversary of the date of the Debt Agreement and 

150 of the principal amount of the Convertible Debt including accrued PIK, if the Call Right is exercised after the 18-month anniversary of the date of the Debt Agreement, 

in either case together with all accrued and unpaid interest on the principal balance of the Convertible Debt. If the Call Right is exercised by us, the Lenders will retain certain lookback rights in the event we enter into an agreement to be acquired in the twelve months following the exercise of the Call Right. We agreed to grant the Lenders a security interest in virtually all of our assets, including our patents and other intellectual property as security for our obligations under the Debt Agreement. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, we may borrow term loans under the Loan Agreement until April 30, 2023. Amounts borrowed under the Loan Agreement will incur interest at a floating rate equal to the greater of 3.50 and the Wall Street Journal prime rate, and will be subject to interest only payments through April 30, 2024. Commencing on May 1, 2024, the outstanding loans under the Loan Agreement will be repaid in 24 consecutive equal monthly installments of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Term Loans mature on April 1, 2026. Upon the earliest to occur of the maturity date, repayment of the Term Loans in full, acceleration of the loans or termination of the Loan Agreement, we will be required to pay a final payment equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan advances extended by SVB multiplied by 6.0 . Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets, other than our intellectual property. 
 
 Upon and after borrowing under the Loan Agreement, we must comply with certain financial covenants as set forth in the Loan Agreement and the Amendment, including a minimum liquidity ratio of at least 1.25 to 1.00, or at our election after receiving at least 30 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of equity securities, a minimum market capitalization of at least 250 million. The Loan Agreement also contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including covenants regarding the incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, investments, transactions with affiliates, delivery of financial statements, payment of taxes, maintenance of insurance, dispositions of property, mergers or acquisitions, among other customary covenants. We are also restricted from paying dividends or making other distributions or payments on its capital stock, subject to limited exceptions. The Loan Agreement includes customary representations and warranties, events of default and termination provisions. In addition to the financial covenants described above, the Amendment makes certain other changes to the Original Debt Agreement related to our entry into the Loan Agreement. No amounts have been drawn on the Term Loans. 
 
 62 

At-the-Market Sales Agreement 
 
 On December 21, 2021, we entered into an At-the-Market Offering Sales Agreement, or ATM, with Virtu Americas, LLC, as sales agent, pursuant to which we may sell shares of common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to 25 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 200,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM, which resulted in gross proceeds of 1.5 million. Since entry into the ATM, from December 21, 2021 through December 31, 2022, we offered and sold an aggregate of 200,000 shares of our common stock. These aggregate sales resulted in gross proceeds to us of approximately 1.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of approximately 23.5 million remained available for sale under the ATM. 
 
 November 2022 Private Placement 
 
 In November 2022, we entered into subscription agreements with certain accredited investors pursuant to which we sold to the purchasers in a private placement transaction approximately 4,093,141 units at a purchase price of 4.625 per unit, with each unit consisting of two shares of common stock and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase one share of common stock, or the Warrants. 
 
 The Warrants are exercisable at a price per share of common stock of 4.50, subject to adjustment. The Warrants are exercisable beginning on the six-month anniversary of the initial closing date of the private placement offering, or May 18, 2023, or the Initial Exercise Date, and will expire on the seven year anniversary of the initial closing date of the private placement offering, or November 18, 2029. The Warrants cannot be exercised by a Warrant holder if, after giving effect thereto, such Warrant holder would beneficially own more than 19.99 of our outstanding common stock. Additionally, subject to certain exceptions, if, after the Initial Exercise Date, (i) the volume weighted average price of our common stock for each of 30 consecutive trading days, or the Measurement Period, which Measurement Period commenced on November 18, 2022, exceeds 300 of the exercise price (subject to adjustments for stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and similar transactions), (ii) the average daily trading volume for such Measurement Period exceeds 500,000 per trading day and (iii) certain other equity conditions are met, and subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, then we may call for cancellation of all or any portion of the Warrants then outstanding. 
 
 We received approximately 17.9 million in net proceeds from the private placement after deducting placement agent expenses and commissions and offering expenses. 
 Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 37.5 million and 29.4 million, respectively. The increase in cash used in operations in the 2022 period as compared to the 2021 period was primarily due to the timing of the initiation of our Phase 3 ORCA-3 trial, which initiated in January 2022, and our ORCA-V1 trial, which initiated in June 2022, as compared to our Phase 3 ORCA-2 trial, which initiated in October 2020 and ramped up through the first half of 2021. 
 Financing Activities 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 net cash provided by financing activities was 19.3 million and 36.6 million, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to proceeds received from our November 2022 private placement, ATM sales, stock sales under our employee stock purchase plan and warrant exercises. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 relates to proceeds received from our May 2021 public offering, December 2021 convertible debt financing and warrant exercises. 
 Investing Activities 
 There were no investing activities in 2022 or 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Estimates and assumptions principally relate to estimates of the initial fair 
 63 

value and forfeiture rates of stock options issued to employees and consultants, the estimated compensation cost on performance restricted stock unit awards, clinical trial and manufacturing accruals, estimated useful lives of property, plant, equipment and intangible assets, estimates and assumptions in contingent liabilities. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit. We evaluate the carrying amount of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be impaired. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. We conduct our long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance with ASC 360-10-15, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. ASC 360-10-15 requires us to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows. If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an impairment charge is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow analysis or appraisals. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill acquired in a business combination is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from the combination as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis or, more frequently, if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit. 
 
 Government Grants 
 
 We account for government grants by recognizing the benefit of the grant as qualifying expenditures are incurred provided that there is reasonable assurance that we have complied with all conditions under the terms of the grant and that the amount requested for reimbursement will be received. The government grant reduces the research and development expenses to which it relates on our statement of profit and loss. 
 Research and Development Costs 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred, net of related refundable investment tax credits, with the exception of non-refundable advance payments for goods or services to be used in future research and development, which are capitalized in accordance with ASC 730, Research and Development and included within Prepaid Expenses or Other Assets depending on when the assets will be utilized. 
 Clinical trial expenses are a component of research and development costs. These expenses include fees paid to contract research organizations and investigators and other service providers, which conduct certain product development activities on our behalf. We use an accrual basis of accounting, based upon estimates of the amount of service completed. In the event payments differ from the amount of service completed, prepaid expense or accrued liabilities amounts are adjusted on the balance sheet. These expenses are based on estimates of the work performed under service agreements, milestones achieved, patient enrollment and experience with similar contracts. We monitor each of these factors to the extent possible and adjust estimates accordingly. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Under the fair value recognition provisions of the ASC 718, Stock Compensation , we use the modified prospective method with respect to options granted to employees and directors. The expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the graded vesting period. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
 We grant restricted stock unit awards that generally vest and are expensed over a four-year period. We also granted restricted stock unit awards that vest in conjunction with certain performance conditions to certain executive officers and key employees. At each reporting date, we evaluate whether achievement of the performance conditions is probable. Compensation expense is recorded over the appropriate service period based upon our assessment of accomplishing each performance provision or the occurrence of other events that may have caused the awards to accelerate and vest. 
 64 

Warrants 
 We account for warrants pursuant to the authoritative guidance on accounting for derivative financial instruments indexed to, and We account for warrants pursuant to the authoritative guidance on accounting for derivative financial instruments indexed to, and potentially settled in, a company s own stock, on the understanding that in compliance with applicable securities laws, the warrants require the issuance of registered securities upon exercise and therefore do not sufficiently preclude an implied right to net cash settlement. We have warrants classified as equity and these are not reassessed for their fair value at the end of each reporting period. Warrants classified as equity are initially measured at their fair value and recognized as part of stockholders equity. Determining the appropriate fair-value model and calculating the fair value of registered warrants requires considerable judgment, including estimating stock price volatility and expected warrant life. The computation of expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of comparable companies from a representative peer group selected based on industry and market capitalization. A small change in the estimates used may have a relatively large change in the estimated valuation. We use the Black-Scholes pricing model to value the warrants. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Policies 
 
 In February 2016, the FASB established Topic 842, Leases, by issuing Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. The new standard establishes a right-of-use, or ROU, model that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. Leases were classified as finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. 
 
 We adopted the standard on the effective date of January 1, 2019 and elected to use the modified retrospective method. Consequently, financial information will not be updated, and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before January 1, 2019. We elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify. This means, for those leases that qualify, we will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities, and this includes not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. We also elected the available practical expedients and implemented internal controls to enable the preparation of financial information on adoption. 
 
 The standard had a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets, but did not have an impact on our consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. The most significant impact was the recognition of ROU assets, of 0.5 million, and lease liabilities, of 0.5 million, for operating leases, while our accounting for finance leases remained substantially unchanged. 
 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement, which both modifies and clarifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement. This update is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity, or ASU 2020-06. ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments, the accounting for contracts in an entity s own equity, and the related earnings per share calculations. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or have not been made available for issuance. 
 
 We elected to early adopt the standard effective in 2021. The adoption of this standard did not have any impact on our prior period financial statements. 
 
 As a result of adopting ASU 2020-06, we are not required to separately record the conversion feature of the convertible debt but instead account for the convertible instrument and conversion feature as a single unit of debt. 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

65 

I TEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 271) 

67 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 202 1 

69 

Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 202 1 and 202 0 

70 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 202 1 and 202 0 

71 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 202 0 

72 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

73 

66 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss, of stockholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Substantial Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and cash outflows from operating activities that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (signed) 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 

Vancouver, Canada 
 March 16, 2023 

67 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 

68 

Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share and share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents [note 7] 

Grant receivable [note 4] 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash and other assets [note 7 and note 8] 

Right-of-use assets [note 12] 

License agreement [note 5 and note 6] 

Goodwill [note 5] 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities other 

Accrued clinical liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Current portion of long-term obligations [note 12] 

Convertible debt [note 7 and note 9] 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible debt [note 7 and 9] 

Long-term obligations [note 12] 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies [note 12] 

Stockholders' equity: 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value, shares designated, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Series B convertible preferred stock, par value, shares designated, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Going concern [note 1] 

Subsequent events [note 13] 

See accompanying notes. 

69 

Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except per share and share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

EXPENSES 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest income 

Interest expense [note 9] 

Other income/(expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share [note 1 and note 11 [i]] 

Shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per common share 
 [note 1 and note 11 [i]] 

See accompanying notes. 

70 

Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total, 

Common Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Costs relating to purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital 

Shares issued on exercise of warrants 

Shares issued - April 2020 Private placement 

Shares issued - July 2020 Registered direct offering 

Shares issued - August 2020 Public offering 

Shares issued - December 2020 Public offering 

Restricted stock unit settlements 

Costs relating to December 2019 Public offering 

Shares issued on conversion of Series A preferred shares 

Shares issued on conversion of Series B preferred shares 

Adjustment of fractional shares on reverse stock split 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares issued on exercise of warrants 

Shares issued as settlement with trade vendor 

Shares issued - May 2021 public offering 

Restricted stock unit settlements 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares issued on exercise of warrants 

Shares issued from purchase agreement with Virtu 

Shares issued as settlement with trade vendor 

Restricted stock unit settlements 

Restricted stock unit settlements withheld and retired to treasury 

Shares issued under employee share purchase plan 

Shares issued - November 2022 private placement 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes. 

71 

Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in 
 operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization [note 5] 

Stock-based compensation [note 11[c] and note 11[e]] 

Shares issued as settlement with trade vendor 

Accrued interest on SVB convertible debt [note 9] 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Grant receivable [note 4] 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities other 

Accrued clinical liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Lease obligation 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Financing Activities: 

Financing costs relating to purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Financing costs relating to the December 2019 public offering 

Proceeds from the April 2020 private placement, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from the July 2020 registered direct offering, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from the August 2020 public offering, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from the December 2020 public offering, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from the May 2021 public offering, net of issuance costs 

Receipt of convertible debt from SVB [note 9] 

Financing costs relating to convertible debt with SVB [note 9] 

Proceeds from ATM, net of issuance costs [note 11b] 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan [note 11e] 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

Proceeds from the November 2022 private placement, net of issuance costs [note 11b] 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

See accompanying notes. 

72 

Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except per share and share amounts) 
 
 million through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of million and a positive working capital balance of million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of million and net cash used in operating activities was million. 
 Substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to material uncertainty and dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing. We have historically financed our operations through equity and debt financings. There can be no assurance that financing from these or other sources will be available to us in the future. Without additional funds, we may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some of our research and development, or R&D, activities or other operations and potentially delay product development in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations. If any of these events occurs, our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. 
 Our current resources are insufficient to fund our planned operations for the next twelve months. We will continue to require substantial additional capital to continue our clinical development activities. Accordingly, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to continue to fund our operations from the sale of our securities, debt, partnering arrangements, non-dilutive fundraising or other financing transactions in order to finance the remaining development and commercialization of our product candidate. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our clinical development efforts. The uncertainty with respect to our operations and the market generally due to increasing interest rates and inflation may also make it challenging to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, current macroeconomic conditions have caused turmoil in the banking sector. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, one of our banking partners, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, as receiver. Failure to raise capital as and when needed, on favorable terms or at all, will have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop our product candidate. We expect our R&D expenses to substantially increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our product candidate in clinical development. 
 As disclosed in notes 3 and 9, we are required to keep substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents with a single financial institution, SVB, as required by the covenants of our Convertible Debt Agreement (Note 9 Convertible Debt), and the Company has a Loan Agreement with SVB under which it has the option to borrow up to million of Term Loans. As of December 31, 2022, amounts have been drawn under the Loan Agreement. There can be no assurance that the Term Loans will be available to us for borrowing nor whether SVB or any successor lender(s) will be willing to work with us on any modifications to the current Convertible Debt or Term Loan agreements. 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Such adjustments could be material. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On July 29, 2020, we filed a certificate of amendment to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and effected as of July 31, 2020 a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of the reverse stock split, each 20 shares of the outstanding common stock were combined into one share of common stock without any change to the par value per share. The reverse stock split did not affect the number of authorized shares of common stock which remains at . The reverse stock split was approved by our board of directors and stockholders and is intended to allow us to regain compliance with the NASDAQ s continued listing criteria related to the Minimum Bid Price Rule. On August 14, 2020, we 
 73 

or less to be cash equivalents, which we consider as available for sale and carry at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, if any, reported as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, which is a separate component of stockholders equity. 
 74 
 
 years 

Furniture and fixtures 

years 

Machinery and equipment 

- 

Leasehold improvements and equipment under capital lease 

75 
 
 operating segment, dedicated to the development and commercialization of cytisinicline for nicotine addiction, with operations located in Canada, the United States and the U.K. and elected to use the modified retrospective method. Consequently, financial information will not be updated, and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before January 1, 2019. We elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify. This means, for those leases that qualify, we will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities, and this includes not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. We also elected the available practical expedients and implemented internal controls to enable the preparation of financial information on adoption. 
 
 76 
 
 million, and lease liabilities, of million, for operating leases, while our accounting for finance leases remained substantially unchanged. 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement, which both modifies and clarifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement. This update is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity, or ASU 2020-06. ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments, the accounting for contracts in an entity s own equity, and the related earnings per share calculations. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or have not been made available for issuance. 
 
 We elected to early adopt the standard effective in 2021. The adoption of this standard did not have any impact on our prior period financial statements. 
 
 As a result of adopting ASU 2020-06, we are not required to separately record the conversion feature of the convertible debt but instead account for the convertible instrument and conversion feature as a single unit of debt. 
 
 million of our cash and million or our cash equivalents (Note 7 Fair Value Measurements) is held in a single financial institution, SVB, as required by the covenants of our Convertible Debt Agreement (Note 9 Convertible Debt). Our commercial bank balances exceed federal insurance limits. 
 
 We have not experienced any losses in our cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 For certain of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, accrued liabilities other, accrued clinical liabilities and accrued compensation carrying values approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. Our cash equivalents are recorded at fair value. 
 Financial risk is the risk to our results of operations that arises from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates and the degree of volatility of these rates as well as credit risk associated with the financial stability of the issuers of the financial instruments. Foreign exchange rate risk arises as a portion of our expenses are denominated in other than U.S. dollars. 
 We invest our excess cash in accordance with investment guidelines, which limit our credit exposure for securities to any one financial institution or corporation other than securities issued by the U.S. government. We only invest in A (or equivalent) rated securities with maturities of or less. These securities generally mature within one year or less and in some cases are not collateralized. At December 31, 2022 the average days to maturity of our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities was zero days . We do not use derivative instruments to hedge against any of these financial risks. 
 
 million, commenced on August 1, 2021, and is being utilized to complete critical regulatory and clinical operational activities, such as protocol finalization, clinical trial site identification, drug packaging, and submission of a new Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for investigating cytisinicline in nicotine e-cigarette users. 
 
 77 
 
 million, which we have used to conduct the ORCA-V1 Phase 2 clinical trial. 
 
 In June 2022, we announced the initiation of the ORCA-V1 Phase 2 clinical trial. ORCA-V1 will evaluate the efficacy and safety of 3 mg cytisinicline dosed three times daily compared to placebo in 160 adult e-cigarette users at five clinical trial locations in the United States. Participants will be randomized to receive cytisinicline or placebo for 12 weeks in combination with standard cessation behavioral support. 
 
 The full grant award of million is expected to cover approximately half of the total ORCA-V1 clinical study costs. The Primary Investigators for the grant are our President and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Cindy Jacobs, and Dr. Nancy Rigotti, Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Director, Tobacco Research and Treatment Center, Massachusetts General Hospital. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we incurred million and million, respectively, in qualifying R&D expenditures under the NIDA/NIH grant which has been recorded as a reduction in R&D expense. As of December 31, 2022 we had million in grant receivable related to the NIDA/NIH grant. 
 million with an estimated useful life of years. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recorded license agreement amortization expense of million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

We evaluate the carrying amount of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful life or that indicate the asset may be impaired. We conducted an impairment analysis for long lived assets, including the license and supply agreements for the active pharmaceutical ingredient cytisinicline, and concluded that there were indicators of impairment identified as of December 31, 2022. 

78 
 
 million, in the aggregate, tied to a financing milestone and to specific clinical development and commercialization milestones resulting from activities covered by the University of Bristol License Agreement. Additionally, if we successfully commercialize any product candidates subject to the University of Bristol License Agreement, we are responsible for royalty payments in the low-single digits and payments up to a percentage in the mid-teens of any sublicense income, subject to specified exceptions, based upon net sales of such licensed products. 
 On January 22, 2018, we and the University of Bristol entered into an amendment to the University of Bristol License Agreement. Pursuant to the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, we received exclusive rights for all human medicinal uses of cytisinicline across all therapeutic categories from the University of Bristol from research activities into cytisinicline and its derivatives. In consideration of rights granted by the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, we agreed to pay an initial amount of upon the execution of the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, and additional amounts of up to million, in the aggregate, tied to a financing milestone and to specific clinical development and commercialization milestones resulting from activities covered by the amended University of Bristol License Agreement, in addition to amounts under the original University of Bristol License Agreement of up to million in the aggregate, tied to specific financing, development and commercialization milestones. Additionally, if we successfully commercialize any product candidate subject to the amended University of Bristol License Agreement or to the original University of Bristol License Agreement, we will be responsible, as provided in the original University of Bristol License Agreement, for royalty payments in the low-single digits and payments up to a percentage in the mid-teens of any sublicense income, subject to specified exceptions, based upon net sales of such licensed products. Up to December 31, 2022 , we had paid the University of Bristol pursuant to the University of Bristol License Agreement 
 . 
 79 

Restricted cash 

Total assets 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets 

Money market securities (cash equivalents) 

Restricted cash 

Total assets 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Money market securities (restricted cash) 

Total restricted cash 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Estimated 

December 31, 2021 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Money market securities 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Money market securities (restricted cash) 

Total restricted cash 

We only invest in A (or equivalent) rated securities. All securities included in cash and cash equivalents had maturities of days or less at the time of purchase . 
 
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 
 Convertible Debt 
 
 The principal amount, carrying value and related estimated fair value of our convertible debt reported in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows (in thousands). 

80 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer software 

Equipment under capital lease 

Total property and equipment 

million contingent convertible debt agreement, or Original Debt Agreement, with SVB, and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P., or, together with SVB, the Lenders. As part of the Original Debt Agreement, the Lenders funded million in the form of convertible indebtedness, or Convertible Debt, at closing. On April 26, 2022, we entered into (i) a loan and security agreement, or Loan Agreement, with SVB for the remaining million remaining in the Original Debt Agreement, pursuant to which SVB provided a commitment to extend term loans having an aggregate original principal amount of up to million, or Term Loans, and (ii) a first amendment to the Original Debt Agreement, or the Amendment, and as amended by the Amendment, the Debt Agreement. 
 
 Under the terms of the Debt Agreement, the Convertible Debt matures on and may be extended to upon our written request and SVB s approval on or prior to December 22, 2023. The Convertible Debt will accrue interest at the aggregate of (a) a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) and (ii) the prime rate minus , which interest is payable in cash monthly in arrears, and (b) per annum, which interest shall compound monthly. 
 
 Subject to certain terms and conditions, the Lenders may convert all or any part of the outstanding Convertible Debt and accrued and unpaid interest at any time prior to maturity into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Additionally, all outstanding Convertible Debt, including accrued and unpaid interest, will mandatorily convert into shares of our common stock, at the conversion price, on such date, if any, when the closing price per share of our common stock has been equal to or greater than for consecutive trading days prior to such date). 
 
 We have the right, or Call Right, at any time to repay and retire all (but not less than all) of the outstanding Convertible Debt and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, prior to its conversion by payment of a premium determined based on the date of such repayment equal to: 

i. 
 
 of the principal amount of the Convertible Debt including accrued paid-in-kind interest, or PIK, if the Call Right is exercised on or before the 18-month anniversary of the date of the Debt Agreement and 

ii. 
 
 of the principal amount of the Convertible Debt including accrued PIK, if the Call Right is exercised after the 18-month anniversary of the date of the Debt Agreement, 

in either case together with all accrued and unpaid interest on the principal balance of the Convertible Debt. If the Call Right is exercised by us, the Lenders will retain certain lookback rights in the event we enter into an agreement to be acquired in the twelve months following the exercise of the Call Right. We agreed to grant the Lenders a security interest in virtually all of our assets, including our patents and other intellectual property as security for our obligations under the Debt Agreement. Further, the Debt Agreement contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including covenants regarding the incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, investments, transactions with affiliates, delivery of financial statements, payment of taxes, maintenance of insurance, dispositions of property, mergers or acquisitions, and the requirement we keep substantially all of our cash and investments with SVB, among other customary covenants. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, we may borrow term loans under the Loan Agreement until April 30, 2023. Amounts borrowed under the Loan Agreement will incur interest at a floating rate equal to the greater of and the Wall Street Journal prime rate, and will be subject to interest only payments through April 30, 2024. . The Term Loans mature on . Upon the earliest to occur of the maturity date, repayment of the Term Loans in full, acceleration of the loans or termination of the Loan Agreement, we will be required to pay a final payment equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan advances extended by SVB multiplied by . Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets, other than our intellectual property. 
 81 
 
 to 1.00, or at our election after receiving at least million in net cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of equity securities, a minimum market capitalization of at least million. The Loan Agreement also contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including covenants regarding the incurrence of additional indebtedness or liens, investments, transactions with affiliates, delivery of financial statements, payment of taxes, maintenance of insurance, dispositions of property, mergers or acquisitions, among other customary covenants. We are also restricted from paying dividends or making other distributions or payments on its capital stock, subject to limited exceptions. The Loan Agreement includes customary representations and warranties, events of default and termination provisions. In addition to the financial covenants described above, the Amendment makes certain other changes to the Original Debt Agreement related to our entry into the Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 amounts had been drawn on the Term Loans. 
 
 Under ASU 2020-06, the embedded conversion feature was not required to be bifurcated and recognized separately, as a result the convertible debt including the conversion feature has been recognized as a single unit of debt. The debt issuance costs have been recognized against the single unit of debt and will be amortized into interest expense over the term of the loan. 

Transaction Costs 

Accrued paid-in-kind interest 

. For the purposes of estimating the tax rate in effect at the time that deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to reverse, management uses the furthest out available future tax rate in the applicable jurisdictions. 

Foreign 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

for all years presented) 

Expenses not deducted for tax purposes 

Effect of tax rate changes on deferred tax assets and liabilities 

Rate differential on foreign earnings 

Research and development tax credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Reassessment of previously recognized net operating losses 

Adjustment to prior year research and development tax credits 

Other 

Income tax expense/(recovery) 

82 

Non-capital loss carryforwards 

Research and development deductions and credits 

Stock options 

59(e) Capitalized R&D expenses 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets, or DTAs, will not be realized. Management assesses the need for a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets when considering both positive and negative evidence related to whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. In evaluating the ability to recover the deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, all available positive and negative evidence is considered, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future growth, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. 
 
 Due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of deductible tax attributes in future tax returns, we have recorded a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of million to reduce the DTAs to as of December 31, 2022. The valuation allowance increased by approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The amount of the DTA considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth. 
 
 We have total net operating loss carryforwards for federal tax purposes of approximately million million 2021) as of December 31, 2022, most of which begin to expire in . Approximately million of the federal net operating losses will carryforward indefinitely. Federal net operating losses generated after January 1, 2018 were originally available to offset 80 of taxable income for any given future tax year and will be carried forward indefinitely. However, with the passage of the 2020 CARES Act, the 80 limitation is temporarily removed for tax years 2018 to 2020. We have research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million million 2021) as of December 31, 2022, which expire in . The operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credits may be limited due to a change in control in our ownership as defined by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Any future changes in the our ownership may limit the use of such carryforward benefits. 
 
 Our effective income tax rate for the periods presented differ from the statutory rate of primarily due to current year net losses and the full valuation allowance on the U.S. deferred tax assets. We file income tax returns in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, or U.K. At December 31, 2022, we have Canadian non-capital loss carryforwards of million million 2021) and research tax credits of million million 2021), both of which will expire in . In addition, we have unclaimed tax deductions of approximately million related to scientific research and experimental development expenditures available to carry forward indefinitely to reduce Canadian taxable income of future years. The U.K. net operating loss carryforwards of million (2021 million) will carryforward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are tax penalties or accrued interest recorded in the financial statements. 

83 

Gross increases (decreases) related to prior period tax positions 

Gross increases (decreases) related to current period tax positions 

Decreases relating to settlements with tax authorities 

Reductions due to lapses of statute of limitations 

Balance at December 31 

As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized benefits of approximately million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, and would reduce our deferred tax assets. 

Our accounting policy is to treat interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we had accrued interest and penalties related to income taxes. 
 
 authorized common voting shares, par value of , and preferred shares, par value of . 
 [b] Issued and outstanding shares 
 Purchase Agreement and Financing with Lincoln Park Capital 
 On September 14, 2017 we and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, or LPC, entered into a share and unit purchase agreement, which was amended on March 12, 2020, or the LPC Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which we have the right to sell to LPC up to million in shares of our common stock, par value per share, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. On May 22, 2018, we obtained the requisite stockholder authorization to sell shares of our common stock to LPC in excess of of our outstanding shares of common stock (as of the date we entered into the LPC Purchase Agreement) in order to be able to sell to LPC the full amount remaining under the LPC Purchase Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement, LPC initially purchased of our units, or the LPC Units, at a purchase price of per unit, with each LPC per share, or LPC Warrant. Each LPC Warrant became exercisable six months following the issuance date until the date that is five years and six months after the issuance date and is subject to customary adjustments. The LPC Warrants were issued only as part of the LPC Units in the initial purchase of million and warrants shall be issued in connection with any other purchases of common stock under the LPC Purchase Agreement. 
 After the initial purchase, if our stock price is above , as often as every other business day over the 54-month term of the LPC Purchase Agreement, and up to an aggregate amount of an additional million (subject to certain limitations) of shares of common stock, we have the right, from time to time, in our sole discretion and subject to certain conditions to direct LPC to purchase up to shares of common stock. The purchase price of shares of common stock pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement will be based on prevailing market prices of common stock at the time of sales without any fixed discount, and we will control the timing and 
 84 
 
 shares of common stock in September 2017 and, in connection with the amendment of the LPC Purchase Agreement in March 2020, we agreed to pay to LPC million as an expense reimbursement. The consideration of shares of our common stock were fair valued based on the closing price of our common stock as at the transaction date and recognized as part of offering expenses. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we offered and sold shares of our common stock pursuant to the LPC Purchase Agreement with LPC. From inception of the LPC Purchase Agreement on September 14, 2017 to its expiration on , we offered and sold an aggregate of shares of our common stock, including the shares that were part of the initial purchase of LPC Units. These aggregate sales resulted in gross proceeds to us of approximately million and offering expenses of million. 
 
 April 2020 Private Placement 
 On April 27, 2020 and April 28, 2020, we entered into subscription agreements with certain accredited investors pursuant to which we sold to the purchasers in a private placement approximately units, or the April 2020 Units, each consisting of (i) one share of common stock, and (ii) a warrant, or April 2020 Warrant, to purchase shares of common stock at an offering price of per April 2020 Unit, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million. The placement agent received a cash commission on the gross proceeds from the sale of the April 2020 Units and was issued a five year warrant upon substantially similar terms as the April 2020 Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. The net proceeds to us, after deducting placement agent expenses and commissions and offering expenses was approximately million. 
 Each April 2020 Warrant became exercisable on October 27, 2020, the six-month anniversary of the initial closing date of the offering, through April 27, 2025, which is the five-year anniversary of the initial closing date of the offering. The April 2020 Warrants issued pursuant to subscription agreements executed on April 27, 2020 are exercisable at a price per share of common stock of , subject to adjustment, and the April 2020 Warrants issued pursuant to subscription agreements executed on April 28, 2020 are exercisable at a price per share of common stock of , subject to adjustment. Additionally, subject to certain exceptions, if, after the initial exercise date, (i) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for each of 30 consecutive trading days, or the April 2020 Measurement Period, which, April 2020 Measurement Period commenced on the closing date, exceeds of the exercise price (subject to adjustments for stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and similar transactions), (ii) the average daily trading volume for such April 2020 Measurement Period exceeds per trading day and (iii) certain other equity conditions are met, and subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, then we may call for cancellation of all or any portion of the April 2020 Warrants then outstanding. 
 Placement agent expenses and commissions and offering expenses have been charged against the gross proceeds. 
 July 2020 Registered Direct Offering 
 On July 1, 2020, we completed a registered direct offering, pursuant to which we sold shares of our common stock at a price of per share. 
 The registered direct offering raised total gross proceeds of approximately million, and after deducting approximately million in placement agent fees and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately million. 
 The placement agent fees and offering expenses have been charged against the gross proceeds. 
 August 2020 Public Offering 
 On August 6, 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of our securities, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of (a) shares of our common stock, including shares subject to the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, or the August 2020 Shares, and (b) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, or the August 2020 Pre-Funded Warrants, to the underwriter. The August 2020 Shares were sold at the public offering price of per share. The August 2020 Pre-Funded Warrants were sold at a public offering price of , which represents the per share public offering price for the August 2020 Shares less a per share exercise price for each such August 2020 Pre-Funded Warrant. 
 The August 2020 Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at any time after the date of issuance. A holder of August 2020 Pre-Funded Warrants may not exercise the warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. A holder of August 2020 Pre-Funded Warrants may increase or decrease this percentage, but not in excess of , by providing at least days prior notice to us. 
 85 
 
 million and after deducting approximately million in underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately million. The underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses have been charged against the gross proceeds. 
 December 2020 Public Offering 
 On December 7, 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering of our securities, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of shares of our common stock, including shares subject to the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, or the December 2020 Shares. The December 2020 Shares were sold at the public offering price of per share. 
 We also issued a warrant to purchase shares of common stock to the representative of the underwriters, the Representative s Warrant, as a portion of the underwriting compensation payable in connection with this offering. The Representative s Warrant became exercisable beginning on May 31, 2021, with an exercise price of per share and a term of . Under ASC 260, the fair value of the Representative s Warrant of million was charged against Additional Paid-In Capital. 
 The underwritten public offering raised total gross proceeds of approximately million and after deducting approximately million in underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately million. The underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses have been charged against the gross proceeds. 
 May 2021 Public Offering 
 On May 27, 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of our securities, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of shares of our common stock, including shares subject to the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, or the May 2021 Shares. The May 2021 Shares were sold at the public offering price of per share. 
 The underwritten public offering raised total gross proceeds of approximately million and after deducting approximately million in underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately million. The underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses have been charged against the gross proceeds. 
 
 At-the-Market Sales Agreement 
 
 On December 21, 2021, we entered into an At-the-Market Offering Sales Agreement, or ATM, with Virtu Americas, LLC, as sales agent, pursuant to which we may sell shares of common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM, which resulted in gross proceeds of million. Since entry into the ATM, from December 21, 2021 through December 31, 2022, we offered and sold an aggregate of shares of our common stock. These aggregate sales resulted in gross proceeds to us of approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of approximately million remained available for sale under the ATM. 
 
 November 2022 Private Placement 
 
 In November 2022, we entered into subscription agreements with certain accredited investors pursuant to which we sold to the purchasers in a private placement transaction approximately units at a purchase price of per unit, with . 
 
 The November 2022 Warrants are exercisable at a price per share of common stock of , subject to adjustment. The November 2022 Warrants are exercisable beginning on the six-month anniversary of the initial closing date of the private placement offering, May 18, 2023, or the Initial Exercise Date, and will expire on the seven year anniversary of the initial closing date of the private placement offering, or November 18, 2029. The November 2022 Warrants cannot be exercised by a warrant holder if, after giving effect thereto, such warrant holder would beneficially own more than of our outstanding common stock. Additionally, subject to certain exceptions, if, after the Initial Exercise Date, (i) the volume weighted average price of our common stock for each of 30 consecutive trading days, or the November 2022 Measurement Period, which November 2022 Measurement Period commenced on November 18, 2022, exceeds of the exercise price (subject to adjustments for stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and similar transactions), (ii) the average daily trading volume for such November 2022 Measurement Period exceeds per trading day and (iii) certain other equity conditions are met, and subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, then we may call for cancellation of all or any portion of the November 2022 Warrants then outstanding. 
 86 
 
 million in net proceeds from the private placement after deducting placement agent expenses and commissions and offering expenses 
 Equity Award Issuances and Settlements 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did t issue any shares of common stock to satisfy stock option exercises and issued shares of common stock to satisfy restricted stock unit settlements, compared with the issuance of shares of common to satisfy stock option exercises and shares of common stock to satisfy restricted stock unit settlements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 [c] Stock options 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had reserved, pursuant to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2018 Plan, common shares for issuance upon exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted stock units by employees, directors, officers and consultants of ours, of which were reserved for options currently outstanding, for restricted stock units currently outstanding, and were available for future equity grants. 
 Under the 2018 Plan, we may grant options to purchase common shares or restricted stock units to our employees, directors, officers and consultants. The exercise price of the options is determined by our board of directors but will be at least equal to the fair value of the common shares at the grant date. The options vest in accordance with terms as determined by our board of directors, typically over three to for options issued to employees and consultants, and over one to for members of our board of directors. The expiry date for each option is set by our board of directors with a maximum expiry date of from the date of grant. In addition, the 2018 Plan allows for accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards in the event of a change in control. The terms for accelerated vesting, in the event of a change in control, is determined at our discretion and defined under the employment agreements for our officers and certain of our employees. 
 New Employee Inducement Grants 
 We grant stock options as a material inducement to new employees for entering into employment agreements with us in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). The stock options approved under the inducement grant were issued pursuant to a stock option agreement on terms substantially similar to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The exercise price of the options is determined by our board of directors but will be at least equal to the fair value of the common shares at the grant date. The options vest in accordance with terms as determined by our board of directors. The expiry date for each option is set by our board of directors with a maximum expiry date of from the date of grant. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we granted stock options to new employees. As of December 31, 2022, stock options granted as new employee inducement grants were outstanding. 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had reserved, pursuant to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2017 Plan, common shares for issuance upon exercise of stock options, currently outstanding, by employees, directors and officers of ours. Upon the effectiveness of our 2018 Plan, we ceased granting equity awards under our 2017 Plan. 
 Under the 2017 Plan, we granted options to purchase common shares or restricted stock units to our employees, directors, officers and consultants. The exercise price of the options was determined by our board of directors but was at least equal to the fair value of the common shares at the grant date. The options vest in accordance with terms as determined by our board of directors, typically over three to for options issued to employees and consultants, and over one to for members of our board of directors. The expiry date for each option was set by our board of directors with a maximum expiry date of from the date of grant. In addition, the 2017 Plan allows for accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards in the event of a change in control. The terms for accelerated vesting, in the event of a change in control, is determined at our discretion and defined under the employment agreements for our officers and certain of our employees. 
 2010 Performance Incentive Plan 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had reserved, pursuant to the 2010 Performance Incentive Plan, or the 2010 Plan, common shares for issuance upon exercise of stock options, currently outstanding, by employees, directors, officers and consultants of ours. 
 87 
 
 for options issued to employees and consultants, and over one to for members of our board of directors. The expiry date for each option is set by our board of directors with a maximum expiry date of from the date of grant. In addition, the 2010 Plan allows for accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards in the event of a change in control. The terms for accelerated vesting, in the event of a change in control, is determined at our discretion and defined under the employment agreements for our officers and certain of our employees. 
 ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation 
 We recognize expense related to the fair value of our stock-based compensation awards using the provisions of ASC 718. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model as the most appropriate fair value method for our stock options and recognize compensation expense for stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. In valuing our stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, we make assumptions about risk-free interest rates, dividend yields, volatility and weighted average expected lives, including estimated forfeiture rates of the options. 
 The expected life was calculated based on the simplified method as permitted by the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin 110, Share-Based Payment. We consider the use of the simplified method appropriate because of the lack of sufficient historical exercise data. The computation of expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of comparable companies from a representative peer group selected based on industry and market capitalization. The risk-free interest rate is based on a U.S. Treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected life of the stock options. In addition to the assumptions above, as required under ASC 718, management made an estimate of expected forfeitures and is recognizing compensation costs only for those equity awards expected to vest. Forfeiture rates are estimated using historical actual forfeiture rates. These rates are adjusted on a quarterly basis and any change in compensation expense is recognized in the period of the change. We have never paid or declared cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life 

years 

years 

Expected volatility 

Forfeiture rate 

The weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation 

88 

Granted 

Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 regarding the number of ordinary shares issuable upon: (1) outstanding options and (2) vested options. 

9.11 

7.28 - 7.89 

8.87 

7.90 - 8.43 

9.01 

8.44 - 10.78 

7.90 

10.79 - 11.65 

7.08 

11.66 - 12.60 

8.20 

12.61 - 20.74 

8.07 

20.75 - 39.80 

6.08 

39.81 - 59.30 

5.72 

59.31 - 28,952.00 

5.31 

8.21 

8.67 

7.28 - 7.89 

8.70 

7.90 - 8.43 

8.44 - 10.78 

7.92 

10.79 - 11.65 

7.08 

11.66 - 12.60 

8.20 

12.61 - 20.74 

8.07 

20.75 - 39.80 

6.08 

39.81 - 59.30 

5.72 

59.31 - 28,952.00 

5.30 

7.51 

As at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options granted was million and million, respectively, each of which is expected to be recognized into expense over a period of approximately years . 
 89 
 
 options were exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding options was and the aggregate intrinsic value of the exercisable options was . 
 [d] Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
 We grant restricted stock unit awards that generally vest and are expensed over a four-year period. We also grant restricted stock unit awards that vest in conjunction with certain performance conditions to certain executive officers and key employees. At each reporting date, we are required to evaluate whether achievement of the performance conditions is probable. Compensation expense is recorded over the appropriate service period based upon our assessment of accomplishing each performance provision. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million, respectively, of stock based compensation expense was recognized related to these awards. 

Granted 

Released 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately million in total unrecognized compensation expense related to our restricted stock unit awards which is to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

[e] 
 
 Employee Share Purchase Plan 

Our board of directors and stockholders approved the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan , or ESPP, in August 2017. Contributions are made by eligible employees, subject to certain limits defined in the ESPP. The maximum number of shares authorized to be purchased under the ESPP is million shares. All shares purchased under the ESPP are new share issuances. For the year ended December 31, 2022, shares were purchased under the ESPP. 

[f] 
 
 Non-employee options and restricted stock units 

 We recognize non-employee stock-based compensation expense over the period of expected service by the non-employee. As the service is performed, we are required to update our valuation assumptions, re-measure unvested options and restricted stock units and record the stock-based compensation using the valuation as of the vesting date. This differs from the accounting for employee awards where the fair value is determined at the grant date and is not subsequently adjusted. This re-measurement may result in higher or lower stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. As such, changes in the market price of our stock could materially change the value of an option or restricted stock unit and the resulting stock-based compensation expense. 
 90 

(2) Warrants issued in June 2018 financing 

(3) Warrants issued in October 2018 financing 

(4) Warrants issued in May 2019 financing 

(5) Warrants issued in December 2019 financing 

(6) Warrants issued in April 2020 financing 

(7) Warrants issued in April 2020 financing 

(8) Warrants issued in April 2020 financing 

(9) Pre-Funded Warrants issued in August 2020 financing 

(10) Warrants issued in December 2020 financing 

(11) Warrants issued in November 2022 financing 

The pre-funded warrants do not have an expiration date. 
 
 The agreements governing the above warrants include the following terms: 

certain warrants have exercise prices which are subject to adjustment for certain events, including the issuance of stock dividends on our common stock and, in certain instances, the issuance of our common stock or instruments convertible into our common stock at a price per share less than the exercise price of the respective warrants (specifically those issued under the December 2019 Public Offering and November 2022 Private Placement) 

warrant holders may exercise the warrants through a cashless exercise if, and only if, we do not have an effective registration statement then available for the issuance of the shares of our common stock. If an effective registration statement is available for the issuance of our common stock a holder may only exercise the warrants through a cash exercise 

the exercise price and the number and type of securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants are subject to adjustment upon certain corporate events, including certain combinations, consolidations, liquidations, mergers, recapitalizations, reclassifications, reorganizations, stock dividends and stock splits, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets and certain other events and 

in the event of an extraordinary transaction or a fundamental transaction (as such terms are defined in the respective warrant agreements), generally including any merger with or into another entity, sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, tender offer or exchange offer, or reclassification of its common stock, in which the successor entity (as defined in the respective warrant agreements) that assumes the successor entity is not a publicly traded company, the Company or any successor entity will pay the warrant holder, at such holder s option, exercisable at any time concurrently with or within 30 days after the consummation of the extraordinary transaction or fundamental transaction, an amount of cash equal to the value of such holder s warrants as determined in accordance with the Black Scholes option pricing model and the terms of the respective warrant agreement. In some circumstances, we or successor entity may be obligated to make such payments regardless of whether the successor entity that assumes the warrants is a publicly traded company. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants to purchase shares, issued in the December 2019 financing, were exercised at a per unit price of , for proceeds of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, warrants to purchase shares, issued in the December 2019 financing, were exercised at a per unit price of , for proceeds of million, and warrants to purchase shares issued in the April 2020 financing were exercised for a per unit price of , for proceeds of . As at December 31, 2022, all of our outstanding warrants are classified as equity . 
 
 [h] 401(k) Plan 
 We maintain a 401(k) plan. Our securities are not offered as an investment option. Our shares are prohibited for inclusion in our 401(k) plan, as well as any match of our shares to employee contributions. 
 91 

Denominator 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

As of December 31, 2022, a total of million options, restricted stock units and warrants, respectively, have not been included in the calculation of potential common shares as their effect on diluted per share amounts would have been anti-dilutive. Additionally, the outstanding Convertible Debt due December 2023 is included in the calculation of diluted per share amounts only if its inclusion is dilutive for periods during which the notes were outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding Convertible Debt was not included in the calculation of diluted per share amounts as its effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

Total 

Leases 
 We have an operating lease for our corporate office. 
 Operating leases with a term of 12 months or longer are included in ROU assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use the incremental borrowing rate of comparable companies from a representative peer group selected based on industry and market capitalization. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 Vancouver Lease Arrangements 
 On November 19, 2018, we entered into a lease agreement for new office space in Vancouver, British Columbia, which commenced on , and has a four-year term. Pursuant to this lease, we rent approximately 2,367 square feet of office space. On December 16, 2022, we entered into an agreement to extend the lease for another two-year term, which commences on February 1, 2023. Pursuant to this lease, we rent approximately square feet of office space. The annual rent is approximately million. 

2024 

2025 

Total 

92 
 
 square feet located at Suite 2250 at 520 Pike Tower, Seattle, Washington, 98101, which commenced on March 1, 2018. The Seattle Lease expired on and was not renewed. 
 Our monthly base rent for the premises started at approximately which commenced on March 1, 2018 and increased on an annual basis up to approximately . In addition, we paid a security deposit to Pike in the amount of , which was subject to periodic reductions on the anniversary of the Seattle Lease. After the first anniversary of the Seattle Lease, we received a payment of after the second anniversary, from the security deposit was applied against one month of rent and on termination of the Seattle Lease, we received a payment of the for the remaining amount of the security deposit. The Seattle Lease was classified as an operating lease. 
 Consolidated rent and operating expense relating to both the Vancouver, Canada and Seattle, Washington offices for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 

years 

years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 We indemnify our officers, directors and certain consultants for certain events or occurrences, subject to certain limits, while the officer or director is or was serving at its request in such capacity. The term of the indemnification period is equal to the officer s or director s lifetime. 
 The maximum amount of potential future indemnification is unlimited however, we have obtained director and officer insurance that limits our exposure and may enable us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. We believe that the fair value of these indemnification obligations is minimal. Accordingly, we have t recognized any liabilities relating to these obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 We have certain agreements with certain organizations with which it does business that contain indemnification provisions pursuant to which it typically agrees to indemnify the party against certain types of third-party claims. We accrue for known indemnification issues when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. There were accruals for or expenses related to indemnification issues for any period presented. 
 
 million of Term Loans. There is outstanding balance. There can be no assurance that the Term Loans will be available to us for borrowing nor 
 93 

94 

I TEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

I TEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have not made any changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

I TEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 95 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 

I TEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Number of securities 

remaining available for 

Number of securities to be 

future issuance under 

issued upon exercise of 

Weighted-average 

equity compensation 

outstanding options, 

exercise price of 

plans (excluding 

restricted stock units, 

outstanding options, 

securities reflected in 

Plan category 

warrants and rights 

warrants and rights 

column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

980,390 

(1) 

17.77 

(1) 
 
 122 

(1) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security 
 holders 2) 

95,000 

6.85 

Total 

1,075,390 

18.57 

122 

(1) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we maintained the following equity compensation plans, which were approved by security holders: (a) the 2010 Performance Incentive Plan, (b) the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and (c) the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(2) 
 
 Stock options granted as an inducement to new employees for entering into employment agreements with us in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). 

The remaining information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

96 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (1) Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

66 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

68 

Consolidated Statements of Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 202 0 

69 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 202 0 

70 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 202 0 

71 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

72 

(2) All schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

Incorporated by Reference 

Filed/ Furnished Herewith 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on May 24, 2013 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.1 

May 29, 2013 

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on May 21, 2015 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.1 

May 22, 2015 

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment (Reverse Stock Split) to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on August 1, 2017 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.1 

August 2, 2017 

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment (Name Change) to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on August 1, 2017 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.2 

August 2, 2017 

3.5 

Certificate of Amendment (Elimination of Cumulative Voting) to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on October 31, 2017 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.1 

November 1, 2017 

3.6 

Certificate of Amendment (Reverse Stock Split) to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on May 22, 2018 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.1 

May 23, 2018 

3.7 

Certificate of Amendment (Increase in Authorized Shares) to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on May 22, 2018 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.2 

May 23, 2018 

3.8 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations, with respect to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, filed 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.1 

December 20, 2019 

3.9 

Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws 

8-K 

033-80623 

3.1 

January 5, 2017 

3.10 

Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws 

10-Q 

033-80623 

3.1 

November 7, 2018 

97 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

Incorporated by Reference 

Filed/ Furnished Herewith 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

4.1 

Specimen Certificate of Common Stock 

10-Q 

000-21243 

4.1 

November 10, 2008 

4.2 

Form of Warrant (LPC) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

September 14, 2017 

4.3 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (June 2018 Offering) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

June 20, 2018 

4.4 

Form of Preferred Stock Certificate 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.2 

June 20, 2018 

4.5 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (October 2018 Private Placement) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

October 1, 2018 

4.6 

Form of Warrant (May 2019) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

June 3, 2019 

4.7 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (December 2019 Offering) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

December 20, 2019 

4.8 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (April 2020) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

April 30, 2020 

4.9 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (August 2020) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

August 4, 2020 

4.10 

Form of Underwriter s Warrant 

S-1 

333-250074 

4.11 

November 30, 2020 

4.11 

Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10-K 

033-80623 

4.12 

March 13, 2020 

4.12 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 22, 2021, among Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., Silicon Valley Bank and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. 

8-K 

033-80623 

10.1 

December 22, 2021 

4.13 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (November 2022) 

8-K 

033-80623 

4.1 

November 18, 2022 

4.14 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement (November 2022) Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 22, 2021, among Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., Silicon Valley Bank and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. 

8-K 

033-80623 

10.2 

November 18, 2022 

10.1 

Form of OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Agreement 

8-K 

033-80623 

10.1 

June 14, 2010 

10.2 

Form of OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2010 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.2 

November 3, 2011 

10.3 

OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2010 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 

DEF 14A 

033-80623 

Appendix A 

April 16, 2015 

10.4 

Achieve Life Sciences 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 

DEF 14A 

033-80623 

Appendix A 

September 21, 2017 

10.5 

Form of Achieve Life Sciences Stock Option Agreement 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.7b 

March 1, 2018 

98 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

Incorporated by Reference 

Filed/ Furnished Herewith 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

10.6 

Form of Achieve Life Sciences Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.7c 

March 1, 2018 

10.7 

Achieve Life Sciences 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

DEF 14A 

033-80623 

Appendix B 

September 21, 2017 

10.8 

Achieve Life Sciences 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of award agreements thereunder 

X 

10.9 

Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors of the Company (p) 

S-1 

33-96112 

10.19 

September 25, 1995 

10.10 

Form of Indemnification Agreement between OncoGenex Technologies Inc. and Cindy Jacobs 

F-1 

333-139293 

10.7 

December 13, 2006 

10.11 

Employment Agreement between the Company and Cindy Jacobs dated as of November 3, 2009 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.27 

November 5, 2009 

10.12 

Employment Agreement between OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John Bencich 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.1 

November 10, 2016 

10.13 

Employment Agreement between the Company and Richard Stewart, executed May 22, 2018 

8-K 

033-80623 

10.1 

May 23, 2018 

10.14 

Exclusive License Agreement, by and between Sopharma Joint Stock Company and Extab Corporation, dated May 26, 2009 

S-4/A 

333-216961 

10.21 

May 3, 2017 

10.15 

Variation of Contract, by and between Sopharma AD and Extab Corporation, dated May 14, 2015 

S-4/A 

333-216961 

10.22 

May 3, 2017 

10.16 

Commercial Agreement on Supply of Pharmaceutical Products, by and between Sopharma AD and Extab Corporation, dated February 1, 2010 

S-4/A 

333-216961 

10.23 

May 3, 2017 

10.17 

Variation of Contract, by and between Sopharma AD and Extab Corporation, dated May 14, 2015 

S-4/A 

333-216961 

10.24 

May 3, 2017 

10.18 

Technical and Quality Agreement, by and between Sopharma AD and Extab Corporation, dated May 14, 2015 

S-4/A 

333-216961 

10.25 

May 3, 2017 

99 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

Incorporated by Reference 

Filed/ Furnished Herewith 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

10. 19 

License of Technology, by and between University of Bristol and Achieve Life Science, Inc., dated July 13, 2016 

S-4/A 

333-216961 

10.27 

May 3, 2017 

10.20 

Amendment to University of Bristol License Agreement, dated January 22, 2018, by and between Achieve Life Science, Inc., and the University of Bristol 

10-Q/A 

033-80623 

10.1 

May 23, 2018 

10.21 

Office Lease by and between 0846869 B.C. Ltd. and Achieve Life Sciences Technologies Inc., commencing February 1, 2019 

10-K 

033-80623 

10.25 

March, 14, 2019 

10.22 

Amendment to Office Lease, dated December 16, 2022, by and between 0846869 B.C. Ltd. and Achieve Life Sciences Technologies Inc. 

X 

10.23 

Amended and Restated Supply Agreement, dated July 28, 2017, by and between Achieve Life Science, Inc., and Sopharma AD 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.1 

November 9, 2017 

10.24 

Letter of Variation, dated September 28, 2020, by and between Achieve Pharma UK Limited and Richard Stewart 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.1 

November 12, 2020 

10.25 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2020, by and between Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. and John Bencich 

10-Q 

033-80623 

10.3 

November 12, 2020 

10.26 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 27, 2022, by and between Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. and Cindy Jacobs 

X 

10.27 

At the Market Sales Agreement, dated December 21, 2021, by and between Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. and Virtu Americas LLC 

S-3 

333-261811 

1.2 

December 21, 2021 

10.28 

Contingent Convertible Debt Agreement, dated December 22, 2021, among Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., Silicon Valley Bank and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. 

8-K 

033-80623 

10.1 

December 22, 2021 

10.29 

First Amendment to 2021 Contingent Convertible Debt Agreement dated December 22, 2021 by and among Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., Silicon Valley Bank, and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. 

8-K 

033-80623 

10.2 

April 27, 2022 

10.30 

Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 26, 2022, among Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 

8-K 

033-80623 

10.1 

April 27, 2022 

100 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

Incorporated by Reference 

Filed/ Furnished Herewith 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

X 

24.1 

Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto) 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

X 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

Schedules and similar attachments to the Merger Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the SEC upon request. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

The Company has omitted portions of the exhibit as permitted under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 

The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 accompany to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 101 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

102 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: March 16, 2023 

By: 

/s/ JOHN BENCICH 

John Bencich 

Chief Executive Officer 

Power of Attorney 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John Bencich and Richard Stewart, jointly and severally, as such person s attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ JOHN BENCICH 

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer) 

Date: March 16, 2023 

John Bencich 

By: /s/ JERRY WAN 
 
 Senior Director of Accounting Operations (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Jerry Wan 

By: /s/ RICHARD STEWART 
 
 Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Richard Stewart 

By: /s/ CINDY JACOBS 

President, Chief Medical Officer and Director 

Date: March 16, 2023 

Cindy Jacobs 

By: /s/ DONALD JOSEPH 

Director 

Date: March 16, 2023 

Donald Joseph 

By: /s/ MARTIN MATTINGLY 

Director 

Date: March 16, 2023 

Martin Mattingly 

By: /s/ BRIDGET MARTELL 

Director 

Date: March 16, 2023 

Bridget Martell 

By: /s/ JAY MOYES 

Director 

Date: March 16, 2023 

Jay Moyes 

By: /s/ VAUGHN HIMES 

Director 

Date: March 16, 2023 

Vaughn Himes 

103 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 achv-ex108_499.htm
 EX-10.8

achv-ex108_499.htm

EXHIBIT 10.8 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 1. PURPOSE . The purpose of this Plan is to provide incentives to attract, retain and motivate eligible persons whose present and potential contributions are important to the success of the Company, and any Parents, Subsidiaries and Affiliates that exist now or in the future, by offering them an opportunity to participate in the Company s future performance through the grant of Awards. Capitalized terms not defined elsewhere in the text are defined in Section 28. 
 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN . 
 2.1 Number of Shares Available . Subject to Sections 2.6 and 21 and any other applicable provisions hereof, the total number of Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan as of the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board, is 4,310,314 , plus (a) any reserved shares not issued or subject to outstanding grants under the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Prior Plan on the Effective Date, (b) shares that are subject to stock options or other awards granted under the Prior Plan that cease to be subject to such stock options or other awards, by forfeiture or otherwise, after the Effective Date, (c) shares issued under the Prior Plan before or after the Effective Date pursuant to the exercise of stock options that are forfeited after the Effective Date, (d) shares issued under the Prior Plan that are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price and (e) shares that are subject to stock options or other awards under the Prior Plan that are used to pay the exercise price of an option or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any award. 
 2.2 Lapsed, Returned Awards . Shares subject to Awards, and Shares issued under the Plan under any Award, will again be available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under this Plan to the extent such Shares: (a) are subject to issuance upon exercise of an Option or SAR granted under this Plan but which cease to be subject to the Option or SAR for any reason other than exercise of the Option or SAR; (b) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that are forfeited or are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price; (c) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that otherwise terminate without such Shares being issued; or (d) are surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash or other property rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Shares that otherwise become available for grant and issuance because of the provisions of this Section 2.2 shall not include Shares subject to Awards that initially became available because of the substitution clause in Section 21.2 hereof. 
 2.3 Minimum Share Reserve . At all times the Company shall reserve and keep available a sufficient number of Shares as shall be required to satisfy the requirements of all outstanding Awards granted under this Plan. 
 2.4 Automatic Share Reserve Increase . The number of Shares available for grant and issuance under the Plan shall be increased on January 1, of each of 2018 through 2027, by the lesser of (a) five percent (5 of the number of Shares issued and outstanding on each December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase or (b) such number of Shares determined by the Board. 
 2.5 Limitations . No more than 12,000,000 Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. 
 2.6 Adjustment of Shares . If the number of outstanding Shares is changed by a stock dividend, extraordinary dividends or distributions (whether in cash, shares or other property, other than a regular cash dividend), spin-off, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, without consideration, then (a) the number of Shares reserved for issuance and future grant under the Plan set forth in Section 2.1, including Shares reserved under sub-clauses (a) (e) of Section 2.1, (b) the Exercise Prices of and number of Shares subject to outstanding Options and SARs, (c) the number of Shares subject to other outstanding Awards, and (d) the maximum number of Shares that may be issued as ISOs set forth in Section 2.5 shall be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by the Board or the 

stockholders of the Company and in compliance with applicable securities laws; provided that fractions of a Share will not be issued. 
 If, by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 2.6, a Participant s Award Agreement or other agreement related to any Award or the Shares subject to such Award covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares, and the Award Agreement or such other agreement in respect thereof, shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Award or the Shares subject to such Award prior to such adjustment. 
 3. ELIGIBILITY . ISOs may be granted only to Employees. All other Awards may be granted to Employees, Consultants, Directors and Non-Employee Directors; provided such Consultants, Directors and Non-Employee Directors render bona fide services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction. 
 4. ADMINISTRATION . 
 4.1 Committee Composition; Authority . This Plan will be administered by the Committee or by the Board acting as the Committee. Subject to the general purposes, terms and conditions of this Plan, and to the direction of the Board, the Committee will have full power to implement and carry out this Plan, except, however, the Board shall establish the terms for the grant of an Award to Non-Employee Directors. The Committee will have the authority to: 
 (a) construe and interpret this Plan, any Award Agreement and any other agreement or document executed pursuant to this Plan; 
 (b) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan or any Award; 
 (c) select persons to receive Awards; 
 (d) determine the form and terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may vest and be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria) or settled, any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, the method to satisfy tax withholding obligations or any other tax liability legally due and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Committee will determine; 
 (e) determine the number of Shares or other consideration subject to Awards; 
 (f) determine the Fair Market Value in good faith and interpret the applicable provisions of this Plan and the definition of Fair Market Value in connection with circumstances that impact the Fair Market Value, if necessary; 
 (g) determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or as alternatives to, other Awards under this Plan or any other incentive or compensation plan of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate; 
 (h) grant waivers of Plan or Award conditions; 
 (i) determine the vesting, exercisability and payment of Awards; 
 
 (j) correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement; 
 (k) determine whether an Award has been earned or has vested; 
 (l) determine the terms and conditions of any, and to institute any Exchange Program; 

(m) reduce or waive any criteria with respect to Performance Factors; 
 (n) adjust Performance Factors to take into account changes in law and accounting or tax rules as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances to avoid windfalls or hardships; 
 (o) adopt rules and/or procedures (including the adoption of any subplan under this Plan) relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate requirements of local law and procedures outside of the United States or qualify Awards for special tax treatment under laws of jurisdictions other than the United States; 
 (p) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan; 
 (q) delegate any of the foregoing to one or more executive officers pursuant to a specific delegation as permitted by applicable law, including Section 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law; and 
 (r) to exercise negative discretion on Performance Awards, reducing or eliminating the amount to be paid to Participants. 
 4.2 Committee Interpretation and Discretion . Any determination made by the Committee with respect to any Award shall be made in its sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time, and such determination shall be final and binding on the Company and all persons having an interest in any Award under the Plan. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or Company to the Committee for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. The Committee may delegate to one or more executive officers the authority to review and resolve disputes with respect to Awards held by Participants who are not Insiders, and such resolution shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. 
 4.3 Section 16 of the Exchange Act . Awards granted to Participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be approved by two or more non-employee directors (as defined in the regulations promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act). 
 4.4 Documentation . The Award Agreement for a given Award, the Plan and any other documents may be delivered to, and accepted by, a Participant or any other person in any manner (including electronic distribution or posting) that meets applicable legal requirements. 
 4.5 Foreign Award Recipients . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws and practices in other countries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (a) determine which Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall be covered by the Plan; (b) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan, which may include individuals who provide services to the Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate under an agreement with a foreign nation or agency; (c) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States or foreign nationals to comply with applicable foreign laws, policies, customs and practices; (d) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall be attached to this Plan as appendices); provided, however, that no such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitations contained in Section 2.1 hereof; and (e) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any other applicable United States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States governing statute or law. 
 5. OPTIONS . An Option is the right but not the obligation to purchase a Share, subject to certain conditions, if applicable. The Committee may grant Options to eligible Employees, Consultants and Directors and will determine 

whether such Options will be Incentive Stock Options within the meaning of the Code ISOs or Nonqualified Stock Options NSOs ), the number of Shares subject to the Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the period during which the Option may vest and be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of the Option, subject to the following terms of this section. 
 5.1 Option Grant . Each Option granted under this Plan will identify the Option as an ISO or an NSO. An Option may be, but need not be, awarded upon satisfaction of such Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the Option is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for each Option; and (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Options that are subject to different performance goals and other criteria. 
 5.2 Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Option will be the date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant such Option, or a specified future date. The Award Agreement and a copy of this Plan will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable time after the granting of the Option. 
 5.3 Exercise Period . Options may be vested and exercisable within the times or upon the conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement governing such Option; provided , however , that no Option will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the Option is granted; and provided further that no ISO granted to a person who, at the time the ISO is granted, directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Parent or Subsidiary Ten Percent Stockholder will be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date the ISO is granted. The Committee also may provide for Options to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise, in such number of Shares or percentage of Shares as the Committee determines. 
 5.4 Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option will be determined by the Committee when the Option is granted; provided that: (a) the Exercise Price of an Option will be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant and (b) the Exercise Price of any ISO granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder will not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. Payment for the Shares purchased may be made in accordance with Section 11 and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 5.5 Method of Exercise . Any Option granted hereunder will be vested and exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (a) notice of exercise (in such form as the Committee may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option (and/or via electronic execution through the authorized third-party administrator), and (b) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Committee and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 2.6 of the Plan. Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 
 5.6 Termination of Service . If the Participant s Service terminates for any reason except for Cause or the Participant s death or Disability, then the Participant may exercise such Participant s Options only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates no later than three (3) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter time period not less than thirty (30) days or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months 

after the date Participant s Service terminates deemed to be the exercise of an NSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (a) Death . If the Participant s Service terminates because of the Participant s death (or the Participant dies within three (3) months after Participant s Service terminates other than for Cause or because of the Participant s Disability), then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participant s legal representative, or authorized assignee, no later than twelve (12) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (b) Disability . If the Participant s Service terminates because of the Participant s Disability, then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the date Participant s Service terminates and must be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant s legal representative or authorized assignee) no later than twelve (12) months after the date Participant s Service terminates (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond (a) three (3) months after the date Participant s Service terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that is not a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or (b) twelve (12) months after the date Participant s Service terminates when the termination of Service is for a Disability that is a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, deemed to be exercise of an NSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (c) Cause . If the Participant s Service is terminated for Cause, then Participant s Options shall expire on such Participant s date of termination of Service, or at such later time and on such conditions as are determined by the Committee, but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. Unless otherwise provided in an employment agreement or the Award Agreement, Cause shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 5.7 Limitations on Exercise . The Committee may specify a minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any exercise of an Option, provided that such minimum number will not prevent any Participant from exercising the Option for the full number of Shares for which it is then exercisable. 
 5.8 Limitations on ISOs . With respect to Awards granted as ISOs, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which such ISOs are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), such Options will be treated as NSOs. For purposes of this Section 5.8, ISOs will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. In the event that the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after the Effective Date to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares permitted to be subject to ISOs, such different limit will be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options granted after the effective date of such amendment. 
 5.9 Modification, Extension or Renewal . The Committee may modify, extend or renew outstanding Options and authorize the grant of new Options in substitution therefor, provided that any such action may not, without the written consent of a Participant, impair any of such Participant s rights under any Option previously granted. Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended, renewed or otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of the Code. 
 5.10 No Disqualification . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISOs will be interpreted, amended or altered, nor will any discretion or authority granted under this Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan under Section 422 of the Code or, without the consent of the Participant affected, to disqualify any ISO under Section 422 of the Code. 
 6. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS . A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the Company to sell to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director Shares that are subject to restrictions Restricted Stock ). The Committee will determine to whom an offer will be made, the number of Shares the Participant may purchase, the Purchase Price, 

the restrictions under which the Shares will be subject and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to the Plan. 
 6.1 Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement . All purchases under a Restricted Stock Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant accepts a Restricted Stock Award by signing and delivering to the Company an Award Agreement with full payment of the Purchase Price, within thirty (30) days from the date the Award Agreement was delivered to the Participant. If the Participant does not accept such Award within thirty (30) days, then the offer of such Restricted Stock Award will terminate, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 
 6.2 Purchase Price . The Purchase Price for a Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the Committee and may be less than Fair Market Value on the date the Restricted Stock Award is granted. Payment of the Purchase Price must be made in accordance with Section 11 of the Plan, and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 6.3 Terms of Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted Stock Awards will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose or are required by law. These restrictions may be based on completion of a specified number of years of service with the Company or upon completion of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. Prior to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Committee shall: (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Award; (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals, if any; and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Restricted Stock Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and having different performance goals and other criteria. 
 6.4 Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 7. STOCK BONUS AWARDS . A Stock Bonus Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director of Shares for Services to be rendered or for past Services already rendered to the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. All Stock Bonus Awards shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. No payment from the Participant will be required for Shares awarded pursuant to a Stock Bonus Award. 
 7.1. Terms of Stock Bonus Awards . The Committee will determine the number of Shares to be awarded to the Participant under a Stock Bonus Award and any restrictions thereon. These restrictions may be based upon completion of a specified number of years of service with the Company or upon satisfaction of performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Stock Bonus Agreement. Prior to the grant of any Stock Bonus Award the Committee shall: (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the Stock Bonus Award; (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals; and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Stock Bonus Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 7.2 . Form of Payment to Participant . Payment may be made in the form of cash, whole Shares, or a combination thereof, based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares earned under a Stock Bonus Award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 7.3 . Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 8. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . A Stock Appreciation Right SAR is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director that may be settled in cash, or Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock), having a value equal to (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price multiplied by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is being settled (subject to any 

maximum number of Shares that may be issuable as specified in an Award Agreement). All SARs shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 8.1 Terms of SARs . The Committee will determine the terms of each SAR including, without limitation: (a) the number of Shares subject to the SAR; (b) the Exercise Price and the time or times during which the SAR may be settled; (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement of the SAR; and (d) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each SAR. The Exercise Price of the SAR will be determined by the Committee when the SAR is granted, and may not be less than Fair Market Value. A SAR may be awarded upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the SAR is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for each SAR; and (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to SARs that are subject to different Performance Factors and other criteria. 
 8.2 Exercise Period and Expiration Date . A SAR will be exercisable within the times or upon the occurrence of events determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement governing such SAR. The SAR Agreement shall set forth the expiration date; provided that no SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the SAR is granted. The Committee may also provide for SARs to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise (including, without limitation, upon the attainment during a Performance Period of performance goals based on Performance Factors), in such number of Shares or percentage of the Shares subject to the SAR as the Committee determines. Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 5.6 also will apply to SARs. 
 8.3 Form of Settlement . Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price; times (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. At the discretion of the Committee, the payment from the Company for the SAR exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. The portion of a SAR being settled may be paid currently or on a deferred basis with such interest or Dividend Equivalent Right, if any, as the Committee determines, provided that the terms of the SAR and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 8.4 Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 9. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . A Restricted Stock Unit RSU is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director covering a number of Shares that may be settled in cash, or by issuance of those Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock). All RSUs shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 9.1 Terms of RSUs . The Committee will determine the terms of an RSU including, without limitation: (a) the number of Shares subject to the RSU; (b) the time or times during which the RSU may be settled; (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement; and (d) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each RSU; provided that no RSU shall have a term longer than ten (10) years. An RSU may be awarded upon satisfaction of such performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. If the RSU is being earned upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the RSU; (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any; and (z) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the RSU. Performance Periods may overlap and participants may participate simultaneously with respect to RSUs that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 9.2 Form and Timing of Settlement . Payment of earned RSUs shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may settle earned RSUs in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. The Committee may also permit a Participant to 

defer payment under a RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned provided that the terms of the RSU and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 9.3 Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 
 10. PERFORMANCE AWARDS . A Performance Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Director of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate that is based upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee, and may be settled in cash, Shares (which may consist of, without limitation, Restricted Stock), other property, or any combination thereof. Grants of Performance Awards shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement that cites Section 10 of the Plan. 
 10.1 Types of Performance Awards . Performance Awards shall include Performance Shares, Performance Units, and cash-based Awards as set forth in Sections 10.1(a), 10.1(b), and 10.1(c) below. 
 (a) Performance Shares . The Committee may grant Awards of Performance Shares, designate the Participants to whom Performance Shares are to be awarded and determine the number of Performance Shares and the terms and conditions of each such Award. 
 (b) Performance Units . The Committee may grant Awards of Performance Units, designate the Participants to whom Performance Units are to be awarded and determine the number of Performance Units and the terms and conditions of each such Award. 
 (c) Cash-Settled Performance Awards . The Committee may also grant cash-settled Performance Awards to Participants under the terms of this Plan. 
 The amount to be paid under any Performance Award may be adjusted on the basis of such further consideration as the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion. 
 10.2 Terms of Performance Awards . Performance Awards will be based on the attainment of performance goals using the Performance Factors within this Plan that are established by the Committee for the relevant Performance Period. The Committee will determine, and each Award Agreement shall set forth, the terms of each Performance Award including, without limitation: (a) the amount of any cash bonus, (b) the number of Shares deemed subject to an award of Performance Shares; (c) the Performance Factors and Performance Period that shall determine the time and extent to which each award of Performance Shares shall be settled; (d) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, and (e) the effect of the Participant s termination of Service on each Performance Award. In establishing Performance Factors and the Performance Period the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period; (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used; and (z) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the award of Performance Shares. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. Prior to settlement the Committee shall determine the extent to which Performance Awards have been earned. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Performance Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 10.3 Termination of Service . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on the date Participant s Service terminates (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 11. PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES . Payment from a Participant for Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan may be made in cash or by check or, where approved for the Participant by the Committee and where permitted by law (and to the extent not otherwise set forth in the applicable Award Agreement): 
 (a) by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the Participant; 
 (b) by surrender of Shares held by the Participant that have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award will be exercised or settled; 

(c) by waiver of compensation due or accrued to the Participant for services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate; 
 (d) by consideration received by the Company pursuant to a broker-assisted or other form of cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; 
 (e) by any combination of the foregoing; or 
 (f) by any other method of payment as is permitted by applicable law. 
 The Committee may limit the availability of any method of payment, to the extent the Committee determines, in its discretion, that such limitation is necessary or advisable to comply with applicable law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. 
 12. GRANTS TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS . Non-Employee Directors are eligible to receive any type of Award offered under this Plan except ISOs. Awards pursuant to this Section 12 may be automatically made pursuant to policy adopted by the Board, or made from time to time as determined in the discretion of the Board. The aggregate grant date fair value of Awards granted to a Non-Employee Director pursuant to this Section 12 in any calendar year shall not exceed 500,000, except that the aggregate grant date fair value of Awards granted to a new Non-Employee Director pursuant to this Section 12 in the calendar year in which they commence their service to the Company shall not exceed 1,000,000. 
 12.1 . Eligibility . Awards pursuant to this Section 12 shall be granted only to Non-Employee Directors. A Non-Employee Director who is elected or re-elected as a member of the Board will be eligible to receive an Award under this Section 12. 
 12.2 . Vesting, Exercisability and Settlement . Except as set forth in Section 21, Awards shall vest, become exercisable and be settled as determined by the Board. With respect to Options and SARs, the exercise price granted to Non-Employee Directors shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time that such Option or SAR is granted. 
 12.3. Election to receive Awards in Lieu of Cash . A Non-Employee Director may elect to receive his or her annual retainer payments and/or meeting fees from the Company in the form of cash or Awards or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. Such Awards shall be issued under the Plan. An election under this Section 12.3 shall be filed with the Company on the form prescribed by the Company. 
 13. WITHHOLDING TAXES . 
 13.1. Withholding Generally . Whenever Shares are to be issued in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan or a tax event occurs, the Company may require the Participant to remit to the Company, or to the Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, to which the Participant provides Service, an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable U.S. federal, state, local and international withholding tax requirements or any other tax or social insurance liability (collectively, Tax-Related Items legally due from the Participant prior to the delivery of Shares pursuant to exercise or settlement of any Award. Whenever payments in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan are to be made in cash, such payment will be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable Tax-Related Items legally due from the Participant. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld and such Shares shall be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the previous trading day. 
 13.2 . Stock Withholding . The Committee, or its delegate(s), as permitted by applicable law, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time and to limitations of local law, may require or permit a Participant to satisfy such Tax-Related Items legally due from the Participant, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or 

Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax-Related Items to be withheld, (c) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax-Related Items to be withheld or (d) withholding from proceeds of the sale of otherwise deliverable Shares acquired pursuant to an Award either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company. The Company may withhold or account for these Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory tax rate for the applicable tax jurisdiction, to the extent consistent with applicable laws. 
 14. TRANSFERABILITY . 
 14.1. Transfer Generally . Unless determined otherwise by the Committee or pursuant to Section 14.2, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. If the Committee makes an Award transferable, including, without limitation, by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the Awards are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustor (settlor) or by gift or by domestic relations order to a Permitted Transferee, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Committee deems appropriate. All Awards shall be exercisable: (a) during the Participant s lifetime only by (i) the Participant, or (ii) the Participant s guardian or legal representative; (b) after the Participant s death, by the legal representative of the Participant s heirs or legatees; and (c) in the case of all awards except ISOs, by a Permitted Transferee. 
 14.2. Award Transfer Program . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee shall have all discretion and authority to determine and implement the terms and conditions of any Award Transfer Program instituted pursuant to this Section 14.2 and shall have the authority to amend the terms of any Award participating, or otherwise eligible to participate in, the Award Transfer Program, including (but not limited to) the authority to (a) amend (including to extend) the expiration date, post-termination exercise period and/or forfeiture conditions of any such Award, (b) amend or remove any provisions of the Award relating to the Award holder s continued Service to the Company or its Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate, (c) amend the permissible payment methods with respect to the exercise or purchase of any such Award, (d) amend the adjustments to be implemented in the event of changes in the capitalization and other similar events with respect to such Award, and (e) make such other changes to the terms of such Award as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, in no event will the Committee have the right to determine and implement the terms and conditions of any Award Transfer Program without stockholder approval. 
 15. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP; RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES . 
 15.1 Voting and Dividends . No Participant will have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued to the Participant, except for any Dividend Equivalent Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement. The Committee may provide that any Dividend Equivalent Rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise reinvested. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant will be a stockholder and have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or other distributions made or paid with respect to such Shares; provided , that if such Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different securities the Participant may become entitled to receive with respect to such Shares by virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any other change in the corporate or capital structure of the Company will be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock; provided , further , that the Participant will have no right to retain such stock dividends or stock distributions with respect to Shares that are repurchased at the Participant s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 15.2. However, the Committee, in its discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Award that the Participant shall be entitled to Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares underlying an Award during the period beginning on the date the Award is granted and ending, with respect to each Share subject to the Award, on the earlier of the date on which the Award is exercised or settled or the date on which it is forfeited. Such Dividend Equivalent Rights, if any, shall be credited to the Participant in the form of additional whole Shares as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends and Dividend Equivalent Rights may accrue with respect to unvested Awards, but will not be paid or issued until such Award is fully vested and the Shares are issued to Participant and such Shares are no longer subject to any vesting requirements or repurchase rights on behalf of the Company. 

15.2 Restrictions on Shares . At the discretion of the Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s) a right to repurchase (a Right of Repurchase a portion of any or all Unvested Shares held by a Participant following such Participant s termination of Service at any time within ninety (90) days (or such longer or shorter time determined by the Committee) after the later of the date Participant s Service terminates and the date the Participant purchases Shares under this Plan, for cash and/or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness, at the Participant s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
 16. CERTIFICATES . All Shares or other securities whether or not certificated, delivered under this Plan will be subject to such stock transfer orders, legends and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable, including restrictions under any applicable U.S. federal, state or foreign securities law, or any rules, regulations and other requirements of the SEC or any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed or quoted and any non-U.S. exchange controls or securities law restrictions to which the Shares are subject. 
 17. ESCROW; PLEDGE OF SHARES . To enforce any restrictions on a Participant s Shares, the Committee may require the Participant to deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company to hold in escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends referencing such restrictions to be placed on the certificates. Any Participant who is permitted to execute a promissory note as partial or full consideration for the purchase of Shares under this Plan will be required to pledge and deposit with the Company all or part of the Shares so purchased as collateral to secure the payment of the Participant s obligation to the Company under the promissory note; provided , however , that the Committee may require or accept other or additional forms of collateral to secure the payment of such obligation and, in any event, the Company will have full recourse against the Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding any pledge of the Participant s Shares or other collateral. In connection with any pledge of the Shares, the Participant will be required to execute and deliver a written pledge agreement in such form as the Committee will from time to time approve. The Shares purchased with the promissory note may be released from the pledge on a pro rata basis as the promissory note is paid. 
 18. EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS . Without prior stockholder approval, the Committee may, with the consent of the respective Participants (unless not required pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Plan), pay cash or issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of any, or all, outstanding Awards. 
 19. SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY COMPLIANCE . An Award will not be effective unless such Award is in compliance with all applicable U.S. and foreign federal and state securities and exchange control laws, rules and regulations of any governmental body, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted, as they are in effect on the date of grant of the Award and also on the date of exercise or other issuance. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue or deliver certificates for Shares under this Plan prior to: (a) obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or advisable; and/or (b) completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal or foreign law or ruling of any governmental body that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable. The Company will be under no obligation to register the Shares with the SEC or to effect compliance with the registration, qualification or listing requirements of any foreign or state securities laws, exchange control laws, stock exchange or automated quotation system, and the Company will have no liability for any inability or failure to do so. 
 20. NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY . Nothing in this Plan or any Award granted under this Plan will confer or be deemed to confer on any Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with, the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate Participant s employment or other relationship at any time. 
 21. CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS . 
 21.1. Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor . In the event that the Company is subject to a Corporate Transaction, outstanding Awards acquired under the Plan shall be subject to the agreement evidencing the Corporate Transaction, which need not treat all outstanding Awards in an identical manner. Such agreement, without 

the Participant s consent, shall provide for one or more of the following with respect to all outstanding Awards as of the effective date of such Corporate Transaction: 
 (a) The continuation of an outstanding Award by the Company (if the Company is the successor entity). 
 (b) The assumption of an outstanding Award by the successor or acquiring entity (if any) of such Corporate Transaction (or by its parents, if any), which assumption, will be binding on all selected Participants; provided that the exercise price and the number and nature of shares issuable upon exercise of any such option or stock appreciation right, or any award that is subject to Section 409A of the Code, will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code and/or Section 409A of the Code, as applicable. 
 (c) The substitution by the successor or acquiring entity in such Corporate Transaction (or by its parents, if any) of equivalent awards with substantially the same terms for such outstanding Awards (except that the exercise price and the number and nature of shares issuable upon exercise of any such option or stock appreciation right, or any award that is subject to Section 409A of the Code, will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code and/or Section 409A of the Code, as applicable). 
 (d) The full or partial acceleration of exercisability or vesting and accelerated expiration of an outstanding Award and lapse of the Company s right to repurchase or re-acquire shares acquired under an Award or lapse of forfeiture rights with respect to shares acquired under an Award. 
 (e) The settlement of the full value of such outstanding Award (whether or not then vested or exercisable) in cash, cash equivalents, or securities of the successor entity (or its parent, if any) with a Fair Market Value equal to the required amount, followed by the cancellation of such Awards; provided however, that such Award may be cancelled if such Award has no value, as determined by the Committee, in its discretion. Subject to Section 409A of the Code, such payment may be made in installments and may be deferred until the date or dates the Award would have become exercisable or vested. Such payment may be subject to vesting based on the Participant s continued service, provided that the vesting schedule shall not be less favorable to the Participant than the schedule under which the Award would have become vested or exercisable. For purposes of this Section 21.1(e), the Fair Market Value of any security shall be determined without regard to any vesting conditions that may apply to such security. 
 (f) The cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange for no consideration. 
 The Board shall have full power and authority to assign the Company s right to repurchase or re-acquire or forfeiture rights to such successor or acquiring corporation. In addition, in the event such successor or acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or substitute Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, the Committee will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that such Award will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such Award will terminate upon the expiration of such period. Awards need not be treated similarly in a Corporate Transaction. 
 21.2. Assumption of Awards by the Company . The Company, from time to time, also may substitute or assume outstanding awards granted by another company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or otherwise, by either; (a) granting an Award under this Plan in substitution of such other company s award; or (b) assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the terms of such assumed award could be applied to an Award granted under this Plan. Such substitution or assumption will be permissible if the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have been eligible to be granted an Award under this Plan if the other company had applied the rules of this Plan to such grant. In the event the Company assumes an award granted by another company, the terms and conditions of such award will remain unchanged except that the Purchase Price or the Exercise Price, as the case may be, and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon exercise or settlement of any such Award will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code and/or Section 409A of the Code, as applicable). In the event the Company elects to grant a new Option in substitution rather than assuming an existing option, such new Option may be granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price. Substitute Awards shall not be deducted from the number of Shares authorized for grant under the Plan or authorized for grant to a Participant in a calendar year. 

21.3 Non-Employee Directors Awards . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, in the event of a Corporate Transaction, the vesting of all Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors shall accelerate and such Awards shall become exercisable (as applicable) in full prior to the consummation of such event at such times and on such conditions as the Committee determines. 
 22. ADOPTION AND STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL . This Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders, consistent with applicable laws, within twelve (12) months before or after the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 23. TERM OF PLAN/GOVERNING LAW . Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on the Effective Date and will terminate ten (10) years from the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding its conflict of law rules). 
 24. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN . The Board may at any time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, including, without limitation, amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be executed pursuant to this Plan; provided , however , that the Board will not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, amend this Plan in any manner that requires such stockholder approval; provided further , that a Participant s Award shall be governed by the version of this Plan then in effect at the time such Award was granted. No termination or amendment of the Plan shall affect any then-outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Committee; in any event, no termination or amendment of the Plan or any outstanding Award may adversely affect any then outstanding Award without the consent of the Participant, unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation or rule. 
 25. NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN . Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board, the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval, nor any provision of this Plan will be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock awards and bonuses otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 
 26. INSIDER TRADING POLICY . Each Participant who receives an Award shall comply with any policy adopted by the Company from time to time covering transactions in the Company s securities by Employees, officers and/or directors of the Company. 
 27. ALL AWARDS SUBJECT TO COMPANY CLAWBACK OR RECOUPMENT POLICY . All Awards shall, subject to applicable law, be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other service with the Company that is applicable to executive officers, employees, directors or other service providers of the Company, and in addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, may require the cancelation of outstanding Awards and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Awards. 
 28. DEFINITIONS . As used in this Plan, and except as elsewhere defined herein, the following terms will have the following meanings: 
 28.1. Affiliate means any person or entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company, including any general partner, managing member, officer or director of the Company, in each case as of the date on which, or at any time during the period for which, the determination of affiliation is being made. For purposes of this definition, the term control (including the correlative meanings of the terms controlled by and under common control with ), as used with respect to any person or entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise. 
 28.2 Award means any award under the Plan, including any Option, Restricted Stock, Stock Bonus, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Unit or award of Performance Shares. 

28.3 Award Agreement means, with respect to each Award, the written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the terms and conditions of the Award, and country-specific appendix thereto for grants to non-U.S. Participants, which shall be in substantially a form (which need not be the same for each Participant) that the Committee (or in the case of Award agreements that are not used for Insiders, the Committee s delegate(s)) has from time to time approved, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan. 
 28.4 Award Transfer Program means any program instituted by the Committee which would permit Participants the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity approved by the Committee. 
 28.5 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 28.6 Cause means (i) Participant s willful failure substantially to perform his or her duties and responsibilities to the Company or deliberate violation of a Company policy; (ii) Participant s commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty or any other willful misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the Company; (iii) unauthorized use or disclosure by Participant of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom the Participant owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company; or (iv) Participant s willful breach of any of his or her obligations under any written agreement or covenant with the Company. The determination as to whether a Participant s Service is being terminated for Cause shall be made in good faith by the Company and shall be final and binding on the Participant. The foregoing definition does not in any way limit the Company s ability to terminate a Participant s employment or consulting relationship at any time as provided in Section 20 above, and the term Company will be interpreted to include any Subsidiary or Parent, as appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing definition of Cause may, in part or in whole, be modified or replaced in each individual employment agreement or Award Agreement with any Participant, provided that such document supersedes the definition provided in this Section 28.6. 
 28.7 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 28.8 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or those persons to whom administration of the Plan, or part of the Plan, has been delegated as permitted by law. 
 28.9 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 28.10 Company means Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., or any successor corporation. 
 28.11 Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor or independent contractor, engaged by the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate to render services to such entity. 
 28.12 Corporate Transaction means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (a) any Person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then-outstanding voting securities; provided, however, that for purposes of this subclause (a) the acquisition of additional securities by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the securities of the Company will not be considered a Corporate Transaction; 
 (b) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; 
 (c) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being 

converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; 
 (d) any other transaction which qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company) or 
 (e) a change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purpose of this subclause (e), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Corporate Transaction. 
 For purposes of this definition, Persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amount constituting deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Corporate Transaction, such amount shall become payable only if the event constituting a Corporate Transaction would also qualify as a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time. 
 28.13. Director means a member of the Board. 
 28.14. Dividend Equivalent Right means the right of a Participant, granted at the discretion of the Committee or as otherwise provided by the Plan, to receive a credit for the account of such Participant in an amount equal to the cash, stock or other property dividends in amounts equal equivalent to cash, stock or other property dividends for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant. 
 28.15. Disability means in the case of incentive stock options, total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and in the case of other Awards, that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
 28.16. Effective Date means the date on which this Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 28.17. Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 
 28.18. Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 28.19. Exchange Program means a program pursuant to which outstanding Awards are surrendered, cancelled or exchanged for cash, the same type of Award or a different Award (or combination thereof). 
 28.20. Exercise Price means, with respect to an Option, the price at which a holder may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of an Option and with respect to a SAR, the price at which the SAR is granted to the holder thereof. 
 28.21. Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a share of the Company s Common Stock determined as follows: 

(a) if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed on a national securities exchange, its closing price on the date of determination on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; 
 (b) if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; or 
 (c) if none of the foregoing is applicable, by the Board or the Committee in good faith. 
 28.22. Insider means an officer or director of the Company or any other person whose transactions in the Company s Common Stock are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 28.23. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 28.24. Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not an Employee of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 28.25. Option means an award of an option to purchase Shares pursuant to Section 5. 
 28.26. Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of such corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 28.27. Participant means a person who holds an Award under this Plan. 
 28.28. Performance Award means an award covering cash, Shares or other property granted pursuant to Section 10 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 28.29. Performance Factors means any of the factors selected by the Committee and specified in an Award Agreement, from among the following objective measures, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, applied to the Company as a whole or any business unit or Subsidiary, either individually, alternatively, or in any combination, on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis, and measured, to the extent applicable on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to determine whether the performance goals established by the Committee with respect to applicable Awards have been satisfied: 
 (a) Profit Before Tax; 
 (b) Sales; 
 (c) Expenses; 
 (d) Billings; 
 (e) Revenue 
 (f) Net revenue; 
 (g) Earnings (which may include earnings before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes, net earnings, stock-based compensation expenses, depreciation and amortization); 
 (h) Operating income; 
 (i) Operating margin; 

(j) Operating profit; 
 (k) Controllable operating profit, or net operating profit; 
 (l) Net profit; 
 (m) Gross margin; 
 (n) Operating expenses or operating expenses as a percentage of revenue; 
 (o) Net income; 
 (p) Earnings per share; 
 (q) Total stockholder return; 
 (r) Market share; 
 (s) Return on assets or net assets; 
 (t) The Company s stock price; 
 (u) Growth in stockholder value relative to a pre-determined index; 
 (v) Return on equity; 
 (w) Return on invested capital; 
 (x) Cash Flow (including fee cash flow or operating cash flows); 
 (y) Balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; 
 (z) Cash conversion cycle; 
 (aa) Economic value added; 
 (bb) Individual confidential business objectives; 
 (cc) Contract awards or backlog; 
 (dd) Overhead or other expense reduction; 
 (ee) Credit rating; 
 (ff) Completion of an identified special project; 
 (gg) Completion of a joint venture or other corporate transaction; 
 (hh) Strategic plan development and implementation; 
 (ii) Succession plan development and implementation; 
 (jj) Improvement in workforce diversity; 
 (kk) Employee satisfaction; 

(ll) Employee retention; 
 (mm) Customer indicators and/or satisfaction; 
 (nn) New product invention or innovation; 
 (oo) Research and development expenses; 
 (pp) Attainment of research and development milestones; 
 (qq) Improvements in productivity; 
 (rr) Bookings; 
 (ss) Working-capital targets and changes in working capital; 
 (tt) Attainment of objective operating goals and employee metrics; and 
 (uu) Any other metric that is capable of measurement as determined by the Committee. 
 The Committee may, in recognition of unusual or non-recurring items such as acquisition-related activities or changes in applicable accounting rules, provide for one or more equitable adjustments (based on objective standards) to the Performance Factors to preserve the Committee s original intent regarding the Performance Factors at the time of the initial award grant. It is within the sole discretion of the Committee to make or not make any such equitable adjustments. 
 28.30. Performance Period means one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Factors will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to, and the payment of, a Performance Award. 
 28.31. Performance Share means an Award granted pursuant to Section 10 or Section 12 of the Plan, consisting of a unit valued by reference to a designated number of Shares, the value of which may be paid to the Participant by delivery of Shares or, if set forth in the instrument evidencing the Award, of such property as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, cash, other property, or any combination thereof, upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee. 
 28.32. Performance Unit means an Award granted pursuant to Section 10 or Section 12 of the Plan, consisting of a unit valued by reference to a designated amount of property other than Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, upon the attainment of performance goals, as established by the Committee, and other terms and conditions specified by the Committee. 
 28.33. Permitted Transferee means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships) of the Employee, any person sharing the Employee s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons (or the Employee) have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Employee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Employee) own more than 50 of the voting interests. 
 28.34. Plan means this Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 28.35. Purchase Price means the price to be paid for Shares acquired under the Plan, other than Shares acquired upon exercise of an Option or SAR. 

28.3 6 . Restricted Stock Award means an award of Shares pursuant to Section 6 or Section 12 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 
 28.37. Restricted Stock Unit means an Award granted pursuant to Section 9 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 28.38. SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 28.39. Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 28.40. Service shall mean service as an Employee, Consultant, Director or Non-Employee Director, to the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, subject to such further limitations as may be set forth in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement. An Employee will not be deemed to have ceased to provide Service in the case of (a) sick leave, (b) military leave, or (c) any other leave of absence approved by the Company; provided , that such leave is for a period of not more than 90 days (x) unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute, or (y) unless provided otherwise pursuant to formal policy adopted from time to time by the Company s Board and issued and promulgated to employees in writing. In the case of any Employee on an approved leave of absence or a reduction in hours worked (for illustrative purposes only, a change in schedule from that of full-time to part-time), the Committee may make such provisions respecting suspension of or modification to vesting of the Award while on leave from the employ of the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate or during such change in working hours as it may deem appropriate, except that in no event may an Award be exercised after the expiration of the term set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In the event of military or other protected leave, if required by applicable laws, vesting shall continue for the longest period that vesting continues under any other statutory or Company approved leave of absence and, upon a Participant s returning from such leave (under conditions that would entitle him or her to protection upon such return under the Uniform Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act or other applicable law), he or she shall be given vesting credit with respect to Awards to the same extent as would have applied had the Participant continued to provide Service to the Company throughout the leave on the same terms as he or she was providing Service immediately prior to such leave. An employee shall have terminated employment as of the date he or she ceases to provide Service (regardless of whether the termination is in breach of local employment laws or is later found to be invalid) and employment shall not be extended by any notice period or garden leave mandated by local law, provided , however , that a change in status from an employee to a consultant or advisor shall not terminate the service provider s Service, unless determined by the Committee, in its discretion. The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether a Participant has ceased to provide Service and the effective date on which the Participant ceased to provide Service. 
 28.41. Shares means shares of Common Stock and the common stock of any successor entity. 
 28.42. Stock Appreciation Right means an Award granted pursuant to Section 8 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 28.43. Stock Bonus means an Award granted pursuant to Section 7 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 28.44. Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 28.45. Treasury Regulations means regulations promulgated by the United States Treasury Department. 
 28.46. Unvested Shares means Shares that have not yet vested or are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company (or any successor thereto). 

NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT (UNITED STATES, CANADA, UNITED KINGDOM) 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN GRANT NUMBER: 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company ), 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same meanings in this Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice of Grant and the attached Stock Option Agreement, including any special terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached thereto (collectively, the Option Agreement ). You have been granted an Option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice of Grant and the Option Agreement. 

Name: 

Address: 

Number of Shares: 

Exercise Price Per Share: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Type of Option: 
 
 ____ Non-Qualified Stock Option ____ Incentive Stock Option 

Expiration Date: 
 
 _____________; this Option expires earlier if your Service terminates earlier, as described in the Option Agreement. 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 [Sample vesting language:] [This Option becomes exercisable with respect to the first 25 of the Shares subject to this Option when you complete 12 months of Service from the Vesting Commencement Date. Thereafter, this Option becomes exercisable with respect to an additional 1/48 th of the Shares subject to this Option when you complete each month of Service.] [Note: actual vesting language to match vesting schedule approved by the Board or Committee] 

Additional Terms: 
 
 If your address set forth above is an address located outside the United States, the additional terms and conditions set forth on an Appendix attached hereto (as executed by the Company) are applicable and are incorporated herein by reference. (No Appendix need be attached if your address set forth above is an address located within the United States.) 

Signature page follows. 

You understand that your employment or consulting relationship with the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time, and that nothing in this Notice of Grant, the Option Agreement or the Plan changes the nature of that relationship. By accepting this Option, you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice of Grant and the Option Agreement. By accepting this Option, you consent to the electronic delivery and acceptance as further set forth in the Option Agreement. 
 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 By: Name: 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 
 By: Name: Title: 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 You have been granted an Option by Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company ), under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase Shares (the Option ), subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice of Grant and this Stock Option Agreement, including any special terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached hereto (the Appendix (collectively, the Agreement ). 
 1. Grant of Option . You have been granted the Option for the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant at the Exercise Price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 
 If designated in the Notice of Grant as an Incentive Stock Option ISO ), this Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code. However, if this Option is intended to be an ISO, to the extent that it exceeds the 100,000 limit under Code Section 422(d), it shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option NSO ). 
 2. Termination . 
 (a) General Rule . If your Service terminates for any reason except death or Disability, and other than for Cause, then this Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date three months after your termination of Service (subject to the expiration detailed in Section 6). If your Service is terminated for Cause, this Option will expire upon the date of such termination. 
 You acknowledge and agree that the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant may change prospectively in the event that your service status changes between full and part-time status in accordance with Company policies relating to work schedules and vesting of awards. You acknowledge that the vesting of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement is earned only by continuing Service. 
 (b) Death; Disability . If you die before your Service terminates (or you die within three months of your termination of Service other than for Cause), then this Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date 12 months after the date of death (subject to the expiration detailed in Section 6). If your Service terminates because of your Disability, then this Option will expire at the close of business at Company headquarters on the date 12 months after your termination date (subject to the expiration detailed in Section 6). 
 (c) Termination Date . For purposes of this Option, your Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or engaged or the terms of your employment or consulting agreement, if any), and your period of Service will not 

include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or engaged or the terms of your employment or consulting agreement, if any. The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of this Option (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 (d) No Notice . You are responsible for keeping track of these exercise periods following your termination of Service for any reason. The Company will not provide further notice of such periods. In no event shall this Option be exercised later than the Expiration Date set forth in the Notice of Grant. 
 3. Exercise of Option . 
 (a) Right to Exercise . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. In the event of your death, Disability, or other cessation of Service, the exercisability of the Option is governed by the applicable provisions of the Plan, the Notice of Grant and this Agreement. This Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 
 (b) Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in a form specified by the Company (the Exercise Notice ), which shall state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares ), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice shall be delivered in person, by mail, via electronic mail or facsimile or by other authorized method to the Secretary of the Company or other person designated by the Company. The Exercise Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of a fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price and any applicable withholding of Tax-Related Items as detailed in Section 8 below. 
 (c) Exercise by Another . If another person wants to exercise this Option after it has been transferred to him or her in compliance with this Agreement, that person must prove to the Company s satisfaction that he or she is entitled to exercise this Option. That person must also complete the proper Exercise Notice form (as described above) and pay the Exercise Price (as described below) and any applicable withholding of Tax-Related Items as described below. 
 4. Method of Payment . Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at your election: 
 (a) your personal check, wire transfer, or a cashier s check; 
 (b) for U.S. taxpayers only: certificates for shares of Company stock that you own, along with any forms needed to effect a transfer of those shares to the Company; the value of the shares, determined as of the effective date of the Option exercise, will be applied to the Exercise Price. Instead of surrendering shares of Company stock, you may attest to the ownership of those shares on a form provided by the Company and have the same number of shares subtracted from 

the Exercised Shares issued to you. However, you may not surrender, or attest to the ownership of, shares of Company stock in payment of the Exercise Price of your Option if your action would cause the Company to recognize compensation expense (or additional compensation expense) with respect to this Option for financial reporting purposes; 
 (c) cashless exercise through irrevocable directions to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell all or part of the Exercised Shares and to deliver to the Company from the sale proceeds an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price and any withholding of Tax-Related Items. The balance of the sale proceeds, if any, will be delivered to you. The directions must be given by signing a special notice of exercise form provided by the Company; or 
 (d) other method authorized by the Company. 
 5. Non-Transferability of Option . In general, except as provided below, only you may exercise this Option prior to your death. You may not transfer or assign this Option, except as provided below. For instance, you may not sell this Option or use it as security for a loan. If you attempt to do any of these things, this Option will immediately become invalid. 
 However, if you are a U.S. taxpayer, you may dispose of this Option in your will or in a beneficiary designation. If you are a U.S. taxpayer and this Option is designated as a NSO in the Notice of Grant, then the Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow you to transfer this Option as a gift to one or more family members. For purposes of this Agreement, family member means a child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in- law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any individual sharing your household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which one or more of these individuals have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which you or one or more of these persons control the management of assets, and any entity in which you or one or more of these persons own more than 50 of the voting interest. In addition, if you are a U.S. taxpayer and this Option is designated as a NSO in the Notice of Grant, then the Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow you to transfer this Option to your spouse or former spouse pursuant to a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property rights. The Committee will allow you to transfer this Option only if both you and the transferee(s) execute the forms prescribed by the Committee, which include the consent of the transferee(s) to be bound by this Agreement. 
 This Option may not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or court order and may be exercised during the lifetime of you only by you, your guardian, or legal representative, as permitted in the Plan and applicable local laws. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of you. 
 6. Term of Option . This Option shall in any event expire on the expiration date set forth in the Notice of Grant, which date is ten years after the grant date (five years after the grant date if this Option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Grant and Section 5.3 of the Plan applies). 

7. Tax Consequences . You should consult a tax adviser for tax consequences relating to this Option in the jurisdiction in which you are subject to tax. YOU SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER BEFORE EXERCISING THIS OPTION OR DISPOSING OF THE SHARES. 
 (a) Exercising the Option . You will not be allowed to exercise this Option unless you make arrangements acceptable to the Company to pay any withholding of Tax-Related Items. 
 (b) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If you sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to an ISO on or before the later of (i) two years after the grant date, or (ii) one year after the exercise date, you shall immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. You agree that you may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized from such early disposition of ISO Shares by payment in cash or out of the current compensation paid to you. 
 8. Responsibility for Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company or, if different, your actual employer (the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of this Option, including the grant, vesting or exercise of this Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. You acknowledge that if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 Prior to exercise of the Option, you shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Item withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, and their respective agents, at their discretion, to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer. With the Company s consent, these arrangements may also include, if permissible under local law, (a) withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to you when you exercise this Option, provided that the Company only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding amount, (b) having the Company withhold taxes from the proceeds of the sale of the Shares, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf and pursuant to this authorization), (c) your payment of a cash amount, or (d) any other arrangement approved by the Company; all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with the Company s Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if applicable; provided, however, that if you are a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish the method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and the Committee shall establish the method prior to the taxable or withholding event. The Fair Market 

Value of these Shares, determined as of the effective date of the Option exercise, will be applied as a credit against the Tax-Related Items. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the Shares equivalent. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, you agree to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your participation in the Plan or your purchase of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. You acknowledge that the Company has no obligation to deliver Shares to you until you have satisfied the obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this Section. 
 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting this Option, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
 (b) the grant of this Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of stock options, or benefits in lieu of stock options, even if stock options have been granted in the past; 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future stock options or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 
 (d) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
 (e) this Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 
 (f) this Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purpose of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or payments or welfare benefits or similar payments; 
 (g) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, this Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any Service you may provide as a director of any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate; 
 (h) the future value of the Shares underlying this Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty; 
 (i) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, this Option will have no value; 

(j) if you exercise this Option and acquire Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price; 
 (k) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of this Option resulting from the termination of your Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or engaged or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of this Option to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim; and 
 (l) if you are providing Service outside the United States, neither the Employer, the Company nor any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Option or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the exercise of this Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise. 
 10. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all stock options or any other entitlement to shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to third parties in connection with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understands that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any 

necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Service status and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that Company would not be able to grant you stock options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 11. Acknowledgement . The Company and you agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the Notice of Grant, this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). You: (i) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan prospectus, (ii) represent that you have carefully read and are familiar with the provisions in the grant documents, and (iii) hereby accept this Option subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice of Grant. You hereby agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice of Grant and this Agreement. 
 12. Consent to Electronic Delivery and Acceptance of All Plan Documents and Disclosures . By your acceptance of this Option, you consent to the electronic delivery of the Notice of Grant, this Agreement, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the SEC, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its stockholders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements) or other communications or information related to this Option. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. You acknowledge that you may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if you contact the Company by telephone, through a postal service or electronic mail at [insert email]. You further acknowledge that you will be provided with a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, you understand that you must provide on request to the Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. You agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. Also, you understand that your consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or electronic mail at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not required to consent to electronic delivery. 
 13. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The exercise of this Option will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Common Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer, which compliance the Company shall, in its absolute 

discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Common Stock with any state, federal or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, you agree that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without your consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. Finally, the Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be endorsed with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company. 
 14. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 15. Governing Law; Venue . This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from the Plan, the Notice of Grant and this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California in San Diego County, California or the federal courts of the United States for the Southern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 17. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 18. Adjustment . In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a similar change in Company stock, the number of Shares covered by this Option and the Exercise Price per Share may be adjusted pursuant to the Plan. 
 19. Lock-Up Agreement . In connection with the initial public offering of the Company s securities and upon request of the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the Company s securities, you hereby agree not to sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any Option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any securities of the Company however and whenever acquired (other than those included in the registration) without the prior written consent of the Company or such underwriters, as the case may be, for such period of time (not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days) from the effective date of such registration as may be requested by the Company or such managing underwriters and to execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be requested by the underwriters at the time of the public offering; 

provided however that, if during the last seventeen (17) days of the restricted period the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a material event relating to the Company occurs, or prior to the expiration of the restricted period the Company announces that it will release earnings results during the sixteen (16)-day period beginning on the last day of the restricted period, then, upon the request of the managing underwriter, to the extent required by any FINRA rules, the restrictions imposed by this Section shall continue to apply until the end of the third trading day following the expiration of the fifteen (15)-day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the material news or material event. In no event will the restricted period extend beyond two hundred sixteen (216) days after the effective date of the registration statement. 
 20. Award Subject to Company Clawback or Recoupment . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Option shall be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of your employment or other Service that is applicable to you. In addition to any other remedies available under such policy, applicable law may require the cancellation of your Option (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to your Option. 
 21. Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights. This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Grant constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning this Option are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 22. Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell the Shares or rights to Shares under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in your country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 23. Language . If you have received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 24. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, this Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix hereto for your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

25. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on this Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 26. Waiver . You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS OPTION, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

APPENDIX 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Capitalized terms, unless explicitly defined in this Appendix, shall have the meanings given to them in the Stock Option Agreement, the Notice of Grant or in the Plan. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes special terms and conditions that govern this Option if you reside and/or work in one of the countries listed below. If you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and/or working, or if you transfer to another country after receiving this Option, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the special terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange control, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of October 2017. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information contained herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you exercise this Option or at the time you sell any Shares acquired under the Plan. In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Therefore, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your individual situation. 
 If you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local tax purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and/or working, or if you transfer to another country after the grant of this Option, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 
 CANADA (July 2021) 
 Securities Laws 
 The Option is being offered in Canada pursuant to certain exemptions applicable under Canadian securities law from the requirement that the Company prepare and file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities regulatory authorities. Accordingly, any resale of securities must be made in accordance with applicable Canadian securities law. 

You are permitted to sell shares acquired under the Option through the designated broker (if any) appointed under the Option, provided that the resale of shares acquired under the Option takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares are listed. 
 Foreign Asset Reporting 
 You are required to report any cash or share accounts held in a foreign institution where the value of the asset is more than CAD 100,000. The information must be submitted to the Canada Revenue Agency (on Form T1135, Foreign Income Verification Statement) by April 30. 
 Employment Considerations 
 You acknowledge and agree that your period of employment for purposes of the Option will, except to the minimum extent required by employment standards legislation, be determined without regard to any period of statutory, contractual, common law, civil law or other notice of termination of employment or any period of salary continuance or deemed employment, regardless of whether the termination of employment is otherwise lawful. 
 Language Considerations. 
 The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec: 
 Language Consent. The parties have expressly requested that this document, all documents incorporated into it by reference, any notices or other documents to be given under it, and other documents related to it be drawn up in the English language. 
 Les parties aux pr sentes ont express ment exig s que la pr sente convention et tous les documents qui y sont incorpor s par renvoi, ainsi que tout avis donn en vertu de la dite convention ou tout autre document qui s y rapporte, soient r dig s en anglais. 
 Tax Considerations 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Option documentation to the contrary, the Company may permit you to surrender a portion of your shares to the Company for a cash payment which shall be used to satisfy the applicable withholding taxes, whose value is equal to such amount. Any adverse consequences arising in connection with such surrender procedure will be your sole responsibility. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM (July 2021) 
 Employment Considerations 
 You waive all rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of your office or employment with the Company or any affiliate for any reason whatsoever (whether lawful or unlawful and including in circumstances giving rise to a claim for wrongful dismissal) in so far as those rights arise or may arise from you ceasing to hold or being able to receive any benefit under 

the Option, or from the loss on diminution in value of any rights or entitlements in connection with the Option. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Option, any benefit provided under the Option will not form part of your entitlement to remuneration or benefits pursuant to your contract of employment nor does the existence of a contract of employment between you and the Company give you any right or entitlement to receive any benefit under the Option nor any expectation that any benefits will or might be granted to you whether subject to any conditions or at all. 
 Your rights and obligations under the terms of your contract of employment with the Company will not be affected by being able to receive any benefits in connection with the Option. 
 You acknowledge and agree that your period of employment for purposes of the Option will be determined without regard to any period of statutory, contractual, common law, civil law or other notice of termination of employment or any period of salary continuance or deemed employment, regardless of whether the termination of employment is otherwise lawful. 
 Tax Considerations 
 As a condition of your participation in the Option, you unconditionally and irrevocably agree: 
 (i) to indemnify the Company in respect of all applicable liability to UK income tax and National Insurance Contributions and, if so required by the Company all liability to National Insurance Contributions for which the Company is liable which arises as a consequence of or in connection with your participation in the Option; 
 (ii) to permit the Company to sell such number of shares allocated to you following exercise as will provide the Company with an amount equal to your UK tax liability; and to permit the Company to withhold an amount from any amount paid or payable to you; 
 (iii) if so required by the Company, and, to the extent permitted by law, to enter into a joint election or other arrangements under which the liability for all or part of such employer s national insurance contributions liability is transferred to you; 
 (iv) if so required by the Company, to enter into a joint election within Section 431 of (UK) Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 in respect of computing any tax charge on the acquisition of restricted securities and 
 (v) to sign all documents required by the Company to effect the terms of this provision. 
 As a condition of your participation in the Option, you unconditionally and irrevocably agree to indemnify the Company in respect of all applicable liability to UK income tax and employee National Insurance Contributions. 
 If payment or withholding of the tax due in connection with any benefit received under the Option is not made within ninety days after the end of the year in which the tax event occurs, or such other period specified in the income tax laws, the amount of any uncollected tax will 

constitute a loan owed by you to your employer. You agree that the loan will bear interest at then-current official rate of Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC ). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company, you will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the tax due as described above. In the event that tax is not timely collected or paid, the amount of any uncollected tax will constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and National Insurance Contributions will be payable. You acknowledge that the Company or your employer may recover any such additional taxes from you. You will also be responsible for reporting and paying all taxes due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime. 

NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD (UNITED STATES, CANADA, UNITED KINGDOM) 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GRANT NUMBER: 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company ), 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same meanings in this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice and the attached Award Agreement (Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including any special terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached thereto (collectively, the RSU Agreement )). You you have been granted an award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached RSU Agreement. 

Name: 

Address: 

Number of RSUs: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Expiration Date: 
 
 The settlement of all vested RSUs granted hereunder. The RSUs expire earlier if your Service terminates earlier, as described in the RSU Agreement. 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 [Sample vesting language:] [25 of the total number of RSUs will vest on the twelve month anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date and 25 of the total number of RSUs will vest on each annual anniversary thereafter so long as your Service continues.][Note: actual vesting language to match vesting schedule approved by the Board or Committee] 

Additional Terms: 
 
 If your address set forth above is an address located outside the United States, the additional terms and conditions set forth on an Appendix attached hereto (as executed by the Company) are applicable and are incorporated herein by reference. (No Appendix need be attached if your address set forth above is an address located within the United States.) 

Signature page follows. 

You acknowledge that the vesting of the RSUs pursuant to this Notice is earned only by continuing Service. By accepting this award, you and the Company agree that this award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the RSU Agreement. By accepting this award of RSUs, you consent to the electronic delivery and acceptance as further set forth in the RSU Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 By: Name: 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 
 By: Name: Title: 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 You have been granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs by Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company ), subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including any special terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached hereto (the Appendix (collectively, this RSU Agreement ). 
 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting this award of RSUs, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 

(a) 
 
 the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 

(b) 
 
 the grant of the RSUs is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been granted in the past; 

(c) 
 
 all decisions with respect to future RSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 

 (d) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan; 

(e) 
 
 the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 

(f) 
 
 the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; 

 (g) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the RSUs and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of the Company, or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company; 
 (h) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the RSUs resulting from the termination of your Service (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service 

or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, the Employer (as defined below), or any other Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company, the Employer and its Parent or Subsidiaries from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim; and 
 (j) the following provisions apply only if you are providing Service outside the United States: 

(i) 
 
 the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose; and 

(ii) 
 
 neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 

 2. Settlement . Settlement of RSUs shall be made in the same calendar year as the applicable date of vesting under the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice; provided, however, that if the vesting date under the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice is in December, then settlement of any RSUs that vest in December shall be within 30 days of vesting. Settlement of RSUs shall be in Shares. Settlement means the delivery to you of the Shares vested under the RSUs. Fractional Shares will not be issued. 
 3. No Stockholder Rights . Unless and until such time as Shares are issued in settlement of vested RSUs, you shall have no ownership of the Shares allocated to the RSUs and shall have no right to dividends or to vote such Shares. 
 4. Dividend Equivalents . Dividends, if any (whether in cash or Shares), shall not be credited to you. 
 5. No Transfer . RSUs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or court order or unless otherwise permitted by the Committee on a case-by-case basis. 
 6. Termination . If your Service terminates for any reason, all unvested RSUs shall be forfeited to the Company forthwith, and all rights you have to such RSUs shall immediately terminate, without payment of any consideration to you. For purposes of this award of RSUs, your Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer providing Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local employment laws e.g. , Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period). In case of any dispute as to whether your termination of Service has occurred, the Committee shall have sole discretion to determine whether such termination has occurred (including whether you may still be considered to be providing Services while on a leave of absence) and the effective date of such termination. 

7. Tax Consequences . You acknowledge that there will be certain consequences with regard to income tax, national or social insurance contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items Tax-Related Items upon settlement of the RSUs or disposition of the Shares, if any, received in connection therewith, and you should consult a tax adviser regarding your tax obligations prior to such settlement or disposition in the jurisdiction where you are subject to tax. 
 8. Responsibility for Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company or, if different, your actual employer (the Employer takes with respect to any or all Tax-Related Items withholding or required deductions, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the award or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. You acknowledge that if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 Prior to the settlement of your RSUs, you shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, and their respective agents, at their discretion, to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer. With the Company s consent, these arrangements may also include, if permissible under local law, (a) withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to you when your RSUs are settled, provided that the Company only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding amount, (b) having the Company withhold taxes from the proceeds of the sale of the Shares, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization), (c) payment by you of an amount equal to the Tax-Related Items directly by cash, cheque, wire transfer, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, or (d) any other arrangement approved by the Company; all under such rules as may be established by the Committee and in compliance with the Company s Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy, if applicable; provided, however, that if you are a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Committee (as constituted in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish the method of withholding from alternatives (a)-(d) above, and the Committee shall establish the method prior to the taxable or withholding event. The Fair Market Value of these Shares, determined as of the effective date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will be applied as a credit against the Tax-Related Items. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the Shares equivalent. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are 

deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, you agree to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your participation in the Plan or the vesting and settlement of the RSUs that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. You acknowledge that the Company has no obligation to deliver Shares to you until you have satisfied the obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this Section. 
 9. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this RSU Agreement and any other RSU grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Employer and any other Parent or Subsidiaries, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to the stock plan service provider as may be designated by the Company from time to time, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company, the designated broker and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected. The only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you RSUs or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 

10. Acknowledgement . The Company and you agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the Notice, this RSU Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. You: (i) acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan prospectus, (ii) represent that you have carefully read and are familiar with the provisions in the grant documents, and (iii) hereby accept the RSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this RSU Agreement and those set forth in the Notice. You hereby agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice and this RSU Agreement. 
 11. Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights . This RSU Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this RSU Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this RSU Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this RSU Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this RSU Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 12. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and you with all applicable state, federal and foreign laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Common Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer, which compliance the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Common Stock with any state, federal or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, you agree that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this RSU Agreement without your consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. Finally, the Shares issued pursuant to this RSU Agreement shall be endorsed with appropriate legends, if any, determined by the Company. 
 13. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 14. Governing Law; Venue . This RSU Agreement, all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from the Plan, the Notice and this RSU Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California in San Diego County, California or the federal courts of the United States for the Southern District of California and no other courts. 
 15. Severability . If one or more provisions of this RSU Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that 

the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this RSU Agreement, (ii) the balance of this RSU Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of this RSU Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 16. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this RSU Agreement shall affect in any manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, to terminate your Service, for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 17. Consent to Electronic Delivery and Acceptance of All Plan Documents and Disclosures . By your acceptance of this award of RSUs, you consent to the electronic delivery of the Notice, this RSU Agreement, the Plan, account statements, Plan prospectuses required by the SEC, U.S. financial reports of the Company, and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its stockholders (including, without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements) or other communications or information related to the RSUs. Electronic delivery may include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other delivery determined at the Company s discretion. You acknowledge that you may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost if you contact the Company by telephone, through a postal service or electronic mail at [insert email]. You further acknowledge that you will be provided with a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails; similarly, you understand that you must provide on request to the Company or any designated third party a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically if electronic delivery fails. You agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. Also, you understand that your consent may be revoked or changed, including any change in the electronic mail address to which documents are delivered (if you have provided an electronic mail address), at any time by notifying the Company of such revised or revoked consent by telephone, postal service or electronic mail at [insert email]. Finally, you understand that you are not required to consent to electronic delivery. 
 18. Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell the Shares or rights to Shares under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in your country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 19. Language . If you have received this RSU Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 20. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, this award of RSUs shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix hereto for your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the 

Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this RSU Agreement. 
 21. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 22. Waiver . You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this RSU Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this RSU Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 23. Code Section 409A . For purposes of this RSU Agreement, a termination of employment will be determined consistent with the rules relating to a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder Section 409A ). Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, to the extent any payments provided under this RSU Agreement in connection with your termination of employment constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and you are deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then such payment shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from your separation from service from the Company or (ii) the date of your death following such a separation from service; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to you including, without limitation, the additional tax for which you would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) in the absence of such a deferral. To the extent any payment under this RSU Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this section are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 24. Award Subject to Company Clawback or Recoupment . The RSUs shall be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of your employment or other Service that is applicable to executive officers, Employees, Directors or other service providers of the Company, and in addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law may require the cancellation of your RSUs (whether vested or unvested) and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to your RSUs. 
 BY ACCEPTING THIS AWARD OF RSUS, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND IN THE PLAN. 

APPENDIX 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Capitalized terms, unless explicitly defined in this Appendix, shall have the meanings given to them in the RSU Agreement, the Notice or in the Plan. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSUs granted to you under the Plan if you reside in one of the countries listed below. If you are a citizen or resident (or is considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and/or working, or if you transfer to another country after receiving the RSUs, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the special terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange control, foreign asset/account reporting, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of the dates set forth below. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that the RSUs vest or you sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your individual situation. 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local tax purposes) of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and/or working, or if you transfer to another country after the grant of the RSUs, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 

CANADA (July 2021) 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Settlement. 
 The following provision supplements Section 2 of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, including Section 9.2 of the Plan, the RSUs will be settled in Shares only, not cash. 
 Employment Considerations 
 You acknowledge and agree that your period of employment for purposes of the RSUs will, except to the minimum extent required by employment standards legislation, be determined without regard to any period of statutory, contractual, common law, civil law or other notice of termination of employment or any period of salary continuance or deemed employment, regardless of whether the termination of employment is otherwise lawful. 
 Language Considerations. 
 The following provisions will apply to you if you are a resident of Quebec: 
 The parties have expressly requested that this document, all appendices, documents, notices, or other documents to be given under it, and other documents related to it be drawn up in the English language. 
 Les parties aux pr sentes ont express ment exig s que la pr sente convention et tous les documents qui y sont incorpor s par renvoi, ainsi que tout avis donn en vertu de la dite convention ou tout autre document qui s y rapporte, soient r dig s en anglais. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law. 
 You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the sale of the Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed. 
 Foreign Asset Reporting. 
 You are required to report any cash or share accounts held in a foreign institution where the value of the asset is more than CAD 100,000. Unvested RSUs also must be reported (generally at nil cost) on Form 1135 if the C 100,000 threshold is exceeded due to other foreign property held. The information must be submitted to the Canada Revenue Agency (on Form T1135, Foreign Income Verification Statement) by April 30. 

UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Settlement. 
 The following provision supplements Section 2 of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, including Section 9.2 of the Plan, the RSUs will be settled in Shares only, not cash. 
 Tax Considerations. 
 As a condition of your participation in the Plan, you unconditionally and irrevocably agree: 
 (i) to indemnify the Company in respect of all applicable liability to UK income tax and National Insurance Contributions and, if so required by the Company all liability to National Insurance Contributions for which the Company is liable which arise as a consequence of or in connection with your participation in the Plan; 
 (ii) to permit the Company to sell such number of shares allocated to you following vesting as will provide the Company with an amount equal to your UK tax liability; and to permit the Company to withhold an amount from any amount paid or payable to you; 
 (iii) if so required by the Company, and, to the extent permitted by law, to enter into a joint election or other arrangements under which the liability for all or part of such employer s national insurance contributions liability is transferred to you; 
 (iv) if so required by the Company, to enter into a joint election within Section 431 of (UK) Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 in respect of computing any tax charge on the acquisition of restricted securities and 
 (v) to sign all documents required by the Company to effect the terms of this provision. 
 As a condition of your participation in the Plan, you unconditionally and irrevocably agree to indemnify the Company in respect of all applicable liability to UK income tax and employee National Insurance Contributions. 
 If payment or withholding of the tax due in connection with any benefit received under the Plan is not made within ninety days after the end of the year in which the tax event occurs, or such other period specified in the income tax laws, the amount of any uncollected tax will constitute a loan owed by you to your employer. You agree that the loan will bear interest at then-current official rate of Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC ). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company, you will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the tax due as described above. In the event that tax is not timely collected or paid, the amount of any uncollected tax will constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and National Insurance Contributions will be payable. You acknowledge that the Company or your employer may recover any such additional taxes from you. You will 

also be responsible for reporting and paying all taxes due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime. 
 Employment Considerations 
 You waive all rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of your office or employment with the Company or any affiliate for any reason whatsoever (whether lawful or unlawful and including in circumstances giving rise to a claim for wrongful dismissal) in so far as those rights arise or may arise from you ceasing to hold or being able to receive any benefit under the RSUs, or from the loss on diminution in value of any rights or entitlements in connection with the RSUs. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the RSUs, any benefit provided under the RSUs will not form part of your entitlement to remuneration or benefits pursuant to your contract of employment nor does the existence of a contract of employment between you and the Company give you any right or entitlement to receive any benefit under the RSUs nor any expectation that any benefits will or might be granted to you whether subject to any conditions or at all. 
 Your rights and obligations under the terms of your contract of employment with the Company will not be affected by being able to receive any benefits in connection with the RSUs. 
 You acknowledge and agree that your period of employment for purposes of the RSUs will be determined without regard to any period of statutory, contractual, common law, civil law or other notice of termination of employment or any period of salary continuance or deemed employment, regardless of whether the termination of employment is otherwise lawful. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.22>
 3
 achv-ex1022_725.htm
 EX-10.22

achv-ex1022_725.htm

EXHIBIT 10.22 
 LEASE EXTENSION AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT is dated for reference the 16 TH day of December, 2022, 
 
 AMONG: 
 0846869 B.C.LTD. 
 (the " Landlord ") 
 
 AND: 
 ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 (the " Tenant ") 
 
 WHEREAS: 

A. 
 
 Pursuant to a lease dated November 19, 2018 (the "Lease"), between the Landlord, as landlord, and the Tenant, as tenant, the Tenant leases from the Landlord those certain premises on the tenth (10 th floor of the Building comprising a Premises Rentable Area of 2,367 square feet and identified as Suite 1030 (the " Premises "), upon the terms and conditions set forth therein; 

B. The Term of the Lease is scheduled to expire on January 31, 2023 ; 

C. 
 
 The Landlord and the Tenant have agreed to extend the Term of the Lease for a period of period of two (2) years (the " First Extension Term "), commencing on February 1, 2023 , and expiring on January 31, 2025 , upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and 

D. 
 
 The Landlord and the Tenant have agreed to enter into this Agreement for the purposes of giving effect to the First Extension Term and certain other matters as hereinafter set forth pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the sum of 10.00 paid by each party to the other and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by each of the parties, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
 
 1. DEFINED TERMS 

1.1 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, terms which are used in this Agreement (including the Recitals), and not otherwise defined herein, have the meanings given to them by the Lease. 

2. DEMISE 

2.1 
 
 The Landlord hereby demises and leases to the Tenant, and the Tenant hereby leases and takes from the Landlord, the Premises for the First Extension Term subject to the terms and conditions herein provided. 

3. EXTENSION OF TERM 
 
 1 

3.1 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, effective as and from the date hereof, the Lease will be extended and modified to include the First Extension Term as set out in this Agreement and, except for the modifications expressly provided herein and except for the provisions of the Lease for Landlord's Work, fixturing periods, free rent, tenant allowances and other inducements, if any, applicable only to the initial Term, all provisions of the Lease will apply to the First Extension Term as they do to the initial Term and all references in the Lease to the " Term " will hereafter be deemed to refer to and include the First Extension Term, and the Lease and, in particular, subarticles 1.1(e) and 1.1(g) of the Lease, shall be deemed to be amended accordingly to reflect the First Extension Term and the new Expiration Date, respectively. 

4. ANNUAL BASE RENT 

4.1 
 
 During the First Extension Term, the Tenant covenants and agrees to pay to the Landlord, or as the Landlord may direct in writing, in lawful money of Canada, without any set-off, compensation, or deduction whatsoever, in addition to all Additional Rent and other amounts payable by the Tenant under the Lease, Annual Base Rent for the Premises at the rates set forth below, payable in equal consecutive monthly instalments in advance on the first day of each and every calendar month of the First Extension Term, plus applicable taxes, as follows: 

Rate Per Square Foot 
 Year(s) of First Extension Term 

Per Annum 

Per Annum 

Per Month 

1 
 
 38.00 
 
 89,946.00 
 
 7,495.50 

2 
 
 38.00 
 
 89,946.00 
 
 7,495.50 

5. ACCEPTANCE OF PREMISES 

5.1 
 
 The Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that its acceptance of the Premises on the commencement date of the First Extension Term, being February 1,2023 , shall be on an "as is, where is" basis; "as is, where is" being the condition of the Premises as of such date, and the Landlord shall have no obligations whatsoever to do or provide any work in respect of the Premises. 

6. OPTION TO EXTEND 

6. 
 
 If the Tenant duly and regularly pays the Rent, plus GST, and performs each and every of the covenants in the Lease to be performed and observed by the Tenant throughout the First Extension Term and is in occupancy of the entire Premises, then the Tenant shall have one (1) option to extend the Term of the Lease for a further term of two (2) years (the " Second Extension Term ") commencing on February 1, 2025 , and expiring on January 31, 2027 , such option to be exercised by the Tenant upon not less than six (6) months' and not more than twelve (12) months' prior written notice to the Landlord prior to the expiration of the First Extension Term, failing which such option shall be null and void and incapable of exercise. If the Tenant exercises the option to extend the First Extension Term, the lease by the Tenant of the Premises for the Second Extension Term shall be on the same terms and conditions as the initial Term of the Lease (as herein extended by the First Extension Term) except for Annual Base Rent, any free rent allowance, fixturing period, tenant improvement allowance or other incentive given to the Tenant during the initial Term (as herein extended by the First Extension Term), 

 2 

and except for this option to extend. 

6.2 
 
 The Annual Base Rent payable by the Tenant during the Second Extension Term shall be negotiated and agreed upon between the Landlord and the Tenant, both acting reasonably, based on the then prevailing fair market basic rent as at the commencement of the Second Extension Term for similarly improved premises of similar size, quality, use and location in buildings similar to the Building, but shall in any event not be less than the Annual Base Rent paid during the last year of the First Extension Term. If the Landlord and the Tenant are unable to agree on the Annual Base Rent for the Second Extension Term within three (3) months prior to the commencement of the Second Extension Term, then the matter shall be determined by arbitration pursuant to the provisions of the Arbitration Act , S.B.C. 2020, c.2, and any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof, and in accordance with the foregoing provisions, by a single arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by the Landlord and the Tenant and failing agreement as to such arbitrator within ten (10) days after either party shall have demanded the appointment of such arbitrator, then, upon the application of either the Landlord or the Tenant, the arbitrator shall be appointed by a Judge of the Supreme Court of British Columbia. The determination by the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Landlord and the Tenant, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The costs of such arbitration shall be borne equally by the Landlord and the Tenant. The provisions of this Section shall be deemed to be a submission to arbitration within the provisions of the Arbitration Act , S.B.C. 2020, c.2, and any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof, provided that any limitations on the remuneration of the arbitrator imposed by such legislation shall not be applicable. The arbitration shall be held in the City of Vancouver, British Columbia, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Landlord and the Tenant. 

6.3 
 
 It is understood and agreed by the Landlord and the Tenant that until the amount of the Annual Base Rent for the Second Extension Term is finally determined, the Tenant shall pay to the Landlord monthly instalments on account of the Annual Base Rent equal to the annual amount of Annual Base Rent actually payable by the Tenant during the lease year immediately preceding the date of expiry of the First Extension Term, converted to an equal monthly average. Once the arbitrator has determined the amount of the Annual Base Rent for the Second Extension Term, then the Annual Base Rent paid as aforesaid shall be adjusted to reflect the Annual Base Rent as determined for the Second Extension Term and the Tenant shall, forthwith upon request by the Landlord, pay to the Landlord interest at the rate set forth in subarticle 13.8 of the Lease on the amount by which the monthly instalments of the Annual Base Rent for the Second Extension Term as finally determined exceed the monthly instalments paid by the Tenant on account of the Annual Base Rent during the Second Extension Term, such interest to be computed and accrue from the date of commencement of the Second Extension Term until the Landlord receives payment in full of the shortfall in the Annual Base Rent. 

6.4 
 
 For clarity, the Landlord and the Tenant acknowledge and agree that the Tenant has no remaining options to renew or extend the Lease pursuant to the terms of the Lease other than the option to extend set forth in this Section 6 of this Agreement, and that at the expiry of the Second Extension Term (if exercised), the Tenant shall vacate and surrender the Premises in accordance with its obligations under the Lease. Accordingly, the Landlord and the Tenant hereby agree that section 1 of Schedule "C" of the Lease is deleted in its entirety and of no further force or effect. 

 3 

7. SECURITY DEPOSIT 

7.1 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, the Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the Landlord will be entitled to continue to hold the balance of the Security Deposit (being 12,281.77 being held by the Landlord pursuant to article 7 of the Lease throughout the First Extension Term as continuing security for the performance of the Tenant's covenants under the Lease. 

8. EFFECT ON LEASE 

8.1 
 
 This Agreement is expressly made a part of the Lease to the same extent as if incorporated therein, mutatis mutandis , and the parties agree that all agreements, covenants, conditions, and provisos contained in the Lease, except as extended and or otherwise provided herein, shall be and remain unaltered and in full force and effect during the First Extension Term. The Landlord and the Tenant acknowledge and agree to perform and observe, respectively, the obligations of the Landlord and the Tenant under the Lease as extended and amended hereby. The Landlord and the Tenant hereby confirm and ratify the Lease and the extension thereof upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

9. GENERAL 
 
 9.1 Time is of the essence hereof. 

9.2 
 
 This Agreement will enure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the Landlord and the Tenant and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

9.3 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein. 

9.4 
 
 This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts each of which so executed will constitute an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement will be validly executed if consented to in writing by an authorized signatory of each party, whether evidenced by facsimile or any other method of legibly transmitting recorded messages. 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Landlord and the Tenant have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 0846869 B.C. LTD. 
 
 Per: /s/ Gary Segal 
 Authorized Signatory 
 Print Name: Gary Segal 

ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES TECHOLOGIES INC. 
 
 Per: /s/ John Bencich 
 Authorized Signatory 
 Print Name: John Bencich 
 
 Per: /s/ Jerry Wan 
 Authorized Signatory 
 Print Name: Jerry Wan 
 5 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.26>
 4
 achv-ex1026_498.htm
 EX-10.26

achv-ex1026_498.htm

EXHIBIT 10.26 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into by and between Cindy Jacobs (the Executive and Achieve Life Sciences, Inc., a Washington corporation (the Employer or the Company as of September 27, 2022 (the Effective Date ). This Agreement supersedes the Executive s Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2020, the Executive s Employment Agreement with OncoGenex, Inc., dated November 3, 2009, the Executive s Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with OncoGenex, Inc., dated September 12, 2005, the Employee Retention Agreement with OncoGenex Technologies Inc., a Canadian Corporation, dated October 23, 2007, and any other prior employment-related agreements (the Prior Agreements ). 
 1. Duties and Scope of Employment. 
 For the term of this Agreement Employment ), the Employer agrees to employ the Executive in the position of President and Chief Medical Officer. The Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Company. The Executive shall have such duties, authority and responsibilities that are commensurate with her being a senior executive officer of the Employer. During her employment, Executive will perform her duties faithfully and to the best of her ability and will, except as provided below, devote her full business efforts and time to the Employer. For the duration of the Executive s Employment term, Executive agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior written approval of the Executive Chairman, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. It is understood and agreed that Executive will not be precluded from serving on boards of directors and advisory boards, provided that such activities do not materially adversely affect Executive s ability to perform and discharge her duties to the Employer. The Executive s primary work place shall be at the Employer s corporate headquarters in Seattle, Washington. 
 2. Cash and Incentive Compensation. 
 (a) Salary . The Employer shall pay the Executive as compensation for her services a base salary at a gross annual rate of not less than 455,000. Such salary shall be payable in accordance with the Employer s standard payroll procedures. The annual compensation specified in this Section 2(a), together with any increases in such compensation that the Employer may grant from time to time, is referred to in this Agreement as Base Compensation. 
 (b) Incentive Bonuses . The Executive shall be eligible to receive a discretionary annual fiscal year incentive bonus Bonus that the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee shall determine and award in its sole discretion. Initially, the Executive shall be eligible to receive a Bonus constituting up to 40 of the Executive s Base Compensation. Such percentage may be modified by the Board or the Committee in its discretion from time to time. The Bonus will be based upon the achievement of specific milestones that will be determined by the Board and /or the Committee and confirmed to the Executive no later than ninety (90) days after the start of each fiscal year. Payment for each year s Bonus, if awarded, shall be made to the Executive no later than the fifteenth day of the third month after the later of the end of the calendar year or the Employer s taxable year in which the Bonus payment is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended Section 409A ). The Board or the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine not to award a Bonus or to award a Bonus at less than maximum eligibility. The Executive acknowledges that a Bonus is neither required nor guaranteed by this Agreement. 
 (c) Equity Terms . During the Executive s Employment, at the discretion of the Committee, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s equity compensation plans, as in effect from time to time, and the Executive shall be eligible to receive grants of Company equity Compensatory Equity ), as determined by the Committee, in its discretion from time to time. 
 (d) Employee Benefits . During the Executive s Employment, the Executive will be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans of general applicability to other employees of the Company, as in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the Company s group medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, director and officer liability insurance and flexible-spending account plans. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time. 
 1 

(e) Service Definition . For purposes of Section 3(b) of this Agreement, Service shall mean service by the Executive as an employee and/or consultant of the Employer (or any subsidiary or parent or affiliated entity of the Employer). 
 3. Vacation and Indemnification. 
 (a) Vacation . The Executive will be eligible for paid vacation in accordance with the Employer s vacation policy. Under the Employer s current vacation policy, the Executive is eligible for twenty-five (25) days per year of paid vacation. Unused vacation may not be carried over for more than twelve months after the completion of each fiscal year. 
 (b) Indemnification . The Employer shall indemnify the Executive to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and the Employer s certificate of incorporation and bylaws with respect to the Executive s Service. During the Executive s Employment, the Employer shall maintain officers liability insurance for the Executive s benefit on terms and conditions no less favorable than the terms and conditions generally applicable to the Employer s other senior executive officers. The Employer s obligations under this Section 3(b) shall survive termination of the Executive s Service and also termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 4. Business Expenses. 
 During her Employment, the Executive shall be authorized to incur necessary and reasonable travel, entertainment and other business expenses in connection with her duties hereunder. The Employer shall promptly reimburse the Executive for such expenses upon presentation of appropriate supporting documentation, all in accordance with the Employer s generally applicable policies. 
 5. Term of Employment. 
 (a) Employment-at-Will . The Employer and the Executive hereby acknowledge that the Executive s Employment is at-will. The Employer may terminate the Executive s Employment with or without Cause, by giving the Executive thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. The Executive may terminate her Employment by giving the Employer thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. The Executive s Employment shall terminate automatically in the event of her death. 
 (b) Rights Upon Termination . Upon the termination of the Executive s Employment for any reason (including death or Disability (as defined below)), the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation, benefits and reimbursements described in this Agreement through the effective date of the termination (the Termination Date ), and the Employer shall make the following payments to the Executive (or her beneficiary) within 10 business days following the Termination Date: (i) all unpaid salary and unpaid vacation accrued through the Termination Date, (ii) any accrued, unpaid bonuses (provided that any such bonus has been awarded by the Board or the Committee, in accordance with the terms of any applicable plan, has been earned by the Executive and is not subject to any vesting or other similar requirement) for any fiscal year of the Employer ended prior to the Termination Date and (iii) any unreimbursed business expenses provided that Executive has submitted appropriate documentary substantiation as required by Company policy. The Executive may also be eligible for other post-Employment payments and benefits as provided in this Agreement or pursuant to other agreements (other than the Prior Agreements) or plans with the Employer. Upon the Termination Date, the Executive shall have no further rights to receive compensation or benefits from the Employer except as set forth in Section 6 and pursuant to the terms of any benefit plans (including without limitation any equity compensation plans) of the Company in which the Executive is a participant. 
 6. Termination Benefits. 
 (a) Severance Pay . If there is an Involuntary Termination (as defined below) of the Executive s Employment, then, subject to the Executive s execution, delivery and non-revocation of a Release (defined below) within the time period described below, following the Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, the Employer shall pay the Executive a single lump sum of cash in an amount equal to the sum of twelve (12) months (the Severance Period of the Executive s annual Base Compensation (not giving effect to any reduction in Base Compensation made in connection with such Involuntary Termination or giving rise to Good Reason). The cash lump sum amount payable under this Section 6(a) shall be made to the Executive on the first payroll date in the month following the month containing the Release Deadline. The Executive shall also receive the benefits provided in Sections 6(b) and 6(c), and all such payments and benefits shall not be subject to mitigation or offset (except as specified in Section 6(b)). In order to be entitled to receive the severance described in this Section 6(a) (including the benefits provided in Sections 6(b), 6(c) and, if applicable, 6(d)), the Executive 
 2 

must execute, deliver and not revoke the Release within forty-five (45) calendar days following the Executive s separation from service (the date that is forty-five (45) calendar days following the Executive s separation from service is the Release Deadline ). The Employer shall furnish the Release to the Executive on the date of her Involuntary Termination. The Release shall be a general release of all litigation and other claims against the Employer and all affiliates by the Executive and on Executive s behalf in a form satisfactory to the Employer. 
 (b) Health Insurance . If the Executive is entitled to receive the severance payment in Section 6(a), and if the Executive elects to continue her (and her dependents health insurance coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), then the Employer shall pay Executive a lump sum cash payment that is equivalent to the value of Executive s monthly premium under COBRA for the number of months in the Severance Period. The cash lump sum amount payable under this Section 6(b) shall be made to the Executive on the first payroll date in the month following the month containing the Release Deadline. 
 (c) Equity Vesting . Notwithstanding the terms of any equity compensation plan of the Company or any agreement in connection with a grant of Compensatory Equity, if the Executive is entitled to receive the payments in Section 6(a), then the time-based vesting restrictions (if any) shall immediately lapse on an additional number of shares of Company common stock under all of the Executive s outstanding Compensatory Equity that is equal to the number of shares that would have time-vested if the Executive had continued in employment for the number of additional months following the Termination Date that is equal to the number of months in the Severance Period. The Executive shall be entitled to exercise any of her Compensatory Equity to the extent vested pursuant to this Section 6(c) or otherwise for such period as set forth in the terms of that Compensatory Equity. 
 (d) Effect of Change in Control . If the Company is subject to a Change in Control (as defined below) and there is an Involuntary Termination of the Executive s Employment within the period beginning three (3) months before and ending twelve (12) months after a Change in Control (or more than three (3) months prior to a Change in Control but in connection with a Change in Control), then following the Executive s separation from service, the Executive will be entitled to all benefits described in Sections 6(a), 6(b) and 6(c) of this Agreement subject to the same terms and conditions and payment dates described above, except that (x) the cash payment amount under Section 6(a) shall be an amount equal to the sum of twenty-four (24) months of the Executive s then annual Base Compensation (not giving effect to any reduction in Base Compensation made in connection with such Involuntary Termination or giving rise to Good Reason), plus an amount equal to the sum of twenty-four (24) months of the Executive s average monthly Bonus earnings, where such average is calculated over the twenty-four (24) month period immediately preceding the Executive s separation from service and based on the Executive s Bonus paid in such twenty-four (24) month period, (y) the payment under Section 6(b) shall be equivalent to the amount of Executive s monthly premiums under COBRA for twenty-four (24) months and (z) notwithstanding the terms of any equity compensation plan of the Company or any agreement in connection with a grant of Compensatory Equity, all vesting restrictions (if any) shall immediately lapse on all of the Executive s Compensatory Equity effective as of the Executive s separation from service. For purposes of the preceding sentence, an Involuntary Termination shall be deemed to be in connection with a Change in Control if such termination (i) is required by the merger agreement, purchase agreement or other instrument relating to such Change in Control or (ii) is made at the express request of the other party (or parties) to the transaction constituting such Change in Control. 
 (e) Parachute Payments . In the event that the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement and the payments and/or benefits provided to, or for the benefit of, the Executive under any other Employer plan or agreement (such payments or benefits are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Benefits (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and (ii) but for this Section 6(e), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Benefits shall either be: 
 (i) delivered in full, or 
 (ii) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such Benefits being subject to the Excise Tax (such reduced amount is hereinafter referred to as the Limited Amount ), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by the Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of Benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Benefits may be subject to the Excise Tax. If applicable, in order to effectuate the Limited Amount, the Employer shall first reduce those Benefits which are payable in cash and then reduce non-cash payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with Benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the date of determination that the Benefits will be limited by (e)(ii) above. Any calculations and determinations required under this Section 6(e) shall be made in writing by the Company s 
 3 

independent auditor (the Accountant whose determination shall be conclusive and binding. The Executive and the Company shall furnish the Accountant such documentation as the Accountant may reasonably request in order to make a determination. The Employer shall pay for all costs that the Accountant may reasonably incur in connection with performing any calculations contemplated by this Section 6(e). 
 (f) Change in Control Definition . For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (i) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if the Company s stockholders immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or reorganization cease to directly or indirectly own immediately after such merger, consolidation or reorganization at least a majority of the combined voting power of the continuing or surviving entity s securities (or, if the continuing or surviving entity is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such merger or consolidation, the ultimate parent corporation of such surviving or resulting corporation) outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; 
 (ii) the consummation of the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets (other than (1) to a corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of its combined voting power is owned directly or indirectly by the Company, (2) to a corporation or other entity owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the common stock of the Company or (3) to a continuing or surviving entity described in subsection (i) in connection with a merger, consolidation or corporate reorganization which does not result in a Change in Control under subsection (i)); 
 (iii) a change in the composition of the Board, as a result of which fewer than one-half of the incumbent directors are directors who either (1) had been directors of the Company on the date twenty-four (24) months prior to the date of the event that may constitute a Change in Control (the original directors or (2) were elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the aggregate of the original directors who were still in office at the time of the election or nomination and the directors whose election or nomination was previously so approved; 
 (iv) the consummation of any transaction as a result of which any person becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing at least thirty-five percent (35 of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities. For purposes of this subsection, the term person shall have the same meaning as when used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act but shall exclude: 
 (1) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or an affiliate of the Company; 
 (2) a corporation or other entity owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the common stock of the Company; 
 (3) the Company; and 
 (4) a corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of its combined voting power is owned directly or indirectly by the Company; or 
 (v) a complete winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 For purposes of this Section 6(f), a transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transactions. 
 (g) Cause Definition . For all purposes under this Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following committed by the Executive: 
 (i) Willful failure to follow the reasonable and lawful directions of the Executive Chairman of the Company; 
 4 

(ii) Conviction of a felony (or a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by the Executive to a felony) that materially harms the Company; 
 (iii) Acts of fraud, dishonesty or misappropriation committed by the Executive; 
 (iv) Willful misconduct by the Executive in the performance of the Executive s material duties required by this Agreement; or 
 (v) A material breach of this Agreement. 
 The foregoing is an exclusive list of the acts or omissions that shall be considered Cause for the termination of the Executive s Employment by the Employer. With respect to the acts or omissions set forth in clauses (i), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, (x) the President shall provide the Executive with one (1) month advance written notice detailing the basis for the termination of Employment for Cause, (y) during the one-month period after the Executive has received such notice, the Executive shall have an opportunity to cure such alleged Cause events before any termination for Cause is finalized and (z) the Executive shall continue to receive the compensation and benefits provided by this Agreement during the one-month cure period. In addition, no act or failure to act of Executive shall be willful or intentional if performed in good faith with the reasonable belief that the action or inaction was in the best interest of the Employer. 
 (h) Involuntary Termination Definition . For all purposes under this Agreement, Involuntary Termination shall mean any of the following: (i) termination of the Executive s Employment by the Employer without Cause; (ii) the Executive s resignation of Employment for Good Reason; or (iii) termination of the Executive s Employment by the Employer for Disability. 
 (i) Good Reason Definition . For all purposes under this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any of the following that occurs without the Executive s prior written consent: (i) the relocation of the Executive s primary work location by more than forty (40) miles from the Employer s current location in Bothell, Washington; (ii) a material reduction of the Executive s Base Compensation or Executive s employee benefits; (iii) any material reduction or diminution of the Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities; (iv) the Employer s material breach of this Agreement; or (v) the failure of any successor of the Company to expressly in writing assume the Company s obligations under this Agreement, in each case, provided that the Executive shall have provided the Employer with thirty (30) days advance written notice and an opportunity to cure such breach during such 30-day period. 
 (i) Disability Definition . For all purposes under this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness to perform her full-time duties with the Employer for a continuous period of three (3) months or an aggregate of six (6) months in any eighteen (18) month period. 
 7. Non-Solicitation, Non-Compete and Non-Disparagement. 
 (a) Non-Solicitation . During the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and continuing until the first anniversary of the Termination Date, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly, personally or through others, solicit, recruit, or attempt to solicit or recruit any employee, agent, licensor, content provider, supplier, distributor, customer or partner of the Company to curtail, cancel or terminate such employment, agency or business relationship that it has with the Company or its affiliates. 
 (b) Non-Compete . During the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and continuing until the first anniversary of the Termination Date, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly, personally or through others, own, manage, operate, control, participate in, perform services for, make any investment in, assist, or otherwise carry on, the Company business (such business, including the business of any subsidiary or parent or affiliated entity of the Company, is referred to herein as the Company Business or any business that directly competes with the Company Business (other than in the course of performing duties to the Company or any of its affiliates as an employee or other service provider). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 7(b) shall limit or otherwise affect the ability of Executive to own not more than 1.0 of the outstanding capital stock of any entity that is engaged in a business competitive with the Company Business, provided that such investment is a passive investment and the Executive is not directly or indirectly involved in the management or operation of such business or otherwise providing consulting services to such business. For purposes of this Agreement, Company Business shall include, but shall not be limited to the research and development of the Technology, as defined herein, and such other business plans as approved by the Board from time to time and which are in 
 5 

effect on the Termination Date. As used herein, Technology means all ideas, concepts, business and trade names, trademarks, know-how, trade secrets, inventions, improvements, devices, methods, processes and discoveries, whether patentable or not, and whether or not reduced to writing or other tangible form or to actual or constructive practice which either: (i) are part of the technology licensed to OncoGenex Technologies Inc. under the UBC Licenses, as defined herein, or (ii) are otherwise developed or acquired on behalf of or by the Company or any affiliate of the Company, including but not limited to the technology licensed to the Company or any affiliate of the Company by clients for work to be performed for such clients pursuant to research contracts. As used herein, UBC Licenses means the licenses entered into by the University of British Columbia and OncoGenex Technologies Inc. effective November 1, 2001, September 1, 2002 and April 5, 2005 which define the terms under which OncoGenex Technologies Inc. has acquired an exclusive license to certain technology. It is understood that OncoGenex Technologies Inc. has granted the Company a limited right to use certain technology licensed under the UBC Licenses solely for the Company to perform work for OncoGenex Technologies Inc. 
 (c) Confidential Information . Except as required in the good faith opinion of the Executive in connection with the performance of the Executive s duties hereunder or as specifically set forth in this Section 7(c), the Executive shall, in perpetuity, maintain in confidence and shall not directly, indirectly or otherwise, use, disseminate, disclose or publish, or use for her benefit or the benefit of any person, firm, corporation or other entity any confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of or relating to the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, information with respect to the Company s operations, processes, products, inventions, business practices, finances, principals, vendors, suppliers, customers, potential customers, marketing methods, costs, prices, contractual relationships, regulatory status, business plans, designs, marketing or other business strategies, compensation paid to employees or other terms of employment, or deliver to any person, firm, corporation or other entity any document, record, notebook, computer program or similar repository of or containing any such confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets. The Company and the Executive stipulate and agree that as between them the foregoing matters are important, material and confidential proprietary information and trade secrets and affect the successful conduct of the businesses of the Company (and any successor or assignee of the Company). Upon termination of the Executive s employment with the Company for any reason, the Executive shall promptly deliver to the Company all correspondence, drawings, manuals, letters, notes, notebooks, reports, programs, plans, proposals, financial documents, or any other documents concerning the Company s customers, business plans, designs, marketing or other business strategies, products or processes, provided that the Executive may retain her rolodex, address book and similar information, whether or not the Company specifically requests it. 
 (d) Non-Disparagement . The Executive and the Company mutually agree not to disparage or defame, in writing or orally, the other party, and as applicable, its or her services, products, subsidiaries and affiliates, and/or their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, family members, successors and assigns. This non-disparagement provision shall not apply to statements made by non-management employees of the Company, so long as such statements did not originate from and were not induced or encouraged (directly or indirectly) by an officer, director or management employee of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7(d) shall limit the ability of the Company or the Executive, as applicable, to provide truthful testimony as required by law or any judicial or administrative process. 
 (e) Remedies . Without limiting the right of the Employer to pursue all other legal and equitable rights available to the Employer for violation of the provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement by Executive, it is agreed that (a) other remedies cannot fully compensate the Employer for such a violation, (b) such a violation will cause the Employer irreparable harm which may not be adequately compensated by money damages and (c) the Employer shall each be entitled to temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief, without proving actual damages or posting a bond therefore, to prevent a violation, continuing violation or threatened violation of the provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 8. Inventions and Patents. 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Inventions includes, without limitation, information, inventions, contributions, improvements, ideas, or discoveries, whether protectable or not, and whether or not conceived or made during work hours. Executive agrees that all Inventions conceived or made by Executive during the period of employment with Employer belong to Employer, provided they grow out of Executive s work with Employer or are related in some manner to the Company Business, including, without limitation, research and product development, and projected business of Employer or its affiliated companies. Accordingly, Executive will: 
 (i) Make adequate written records of such Inventions, which records will be Employer s property; 
 6 

(ii) Assign to Employer or its designee, at Employer s request, any rights Executive may have to such Inventions for the U.S. and all foreign countries; 
 (iii) Waive and agree not to assert any moral rights Executive may have or acquire in any Inventions and agree to provide written waivers from time to time as requested by Employer; and 
 (iv) Assist Employer (at Employer s expense) in obtaining and maintaining patents or copyright registrations with respect to such Inventions. 
 (b) Executive understands and agrees that Employer or its designee will determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether an application for patent will be filed on any Invention that is the exclusive property of Employer, as set forth above, and whether such an application will be abandoned prior to issuance of a patent. Employer will pay to Executive, either during or after the term of this Agreement, the following amounts if Executive is sole inventor, or Executive s proportionate share if Executive is joint inventor: 750 upon filing of the initial application for patent on such Invention; and 1,500 upon issuance of a patent resulting from such initial patent application, provided Executive is named as an inventor in the patent. 
 (c) Executive further agrees that Executive will promptly disclose in writing to Employer during the term of Executive s employment and for one (1) year thereafter, all Inventions whether developed during the time of such employment or thereafter (whether or not Employer has rights in such Inventions) so that Executive s rights and Employer s rights in such Inventions can be determined. Except as set forth on the initialed Exhibit A (List of Inventions) to this Agreement, if any, Executive represents and warrants that Executive has no Inventions, software, writings or other works of authorship useful to Employer in the normal course of the Company Business, which were conceived, made or written prior to the date of this Agreement and which are excluded from the operation of this Agreement. 
 (d) NOTICE : In accordance with Washington law, this Section 8 does not apply to Inventions for which no equipment, supplies, facility, or trade secret information of Employer was used and which was developed entirely on Executive s own time, unless: (a) the Invention relates (i) directly to the business of Employer or (ii) to Employer s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) the Invention results from any work performed by Executive for Employer. 
 9. Successors. 
 (a) Employer s Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Employer s business and/or assets. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Employer shall include any successor to the Employer s business and/or assets which becomes bound by this Agreement. 
 (b) Employee s Successors . This Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
 10. Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 In the event that the Employer determines that any of the benefits payable under this Agreement would violate Section 409A, then the Employer and the Executive shall, in good faith, agree to implement adjustments needed to comply with Section 409A. Additionally, notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is deemed by the Employer at the time of Executive s separation from service to be a specified employee, each within the meaning of Section 409A, any compensation or benefits to which Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement (or any agreement or plan referenced in this Agreement) in connection with such separation that are subject to Section 409A shall not be made or commence until the date which is six (6) months after Executive s separation from service (or, if earlier, Executive s death). Such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Executive, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20 tax for which Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any compensation or benefits which would have otherwise been paid during that period (whether in a single lump sum or in installments) in the absence of this Section 10 shall be paid to Executive or Executive s beneficiary in one lump sum. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its exemption or compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in 
 7 

such a manner so that such payments hereunder are exempt from Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent, and for any payments where such construction is not tenable, that those payments comply with Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent. To the extent any nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A payable to Executive hereunder could be paid in one or more taxable years depending upon Executive completing certain employment-related actions (such as resigning after a failure to cure a Good Reason event and/or returning an effective release), then any such payments will commence or occur in the later taxable year to the extent required by Section 409A. 
 11. Repayment Provisions. 
 If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to its material noncompliance, as a result of the Executive s misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under United States securities laws, then, and only if Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or a successor provision, is then in effect, the Company may require the Executive to reimburse the Employer for (i) any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation received by the Executive from the Employer during the 12-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the Securities Exchange Commission (whichever first occurs) of the financial documents embodying such financial reporting requirement and (ii) any profits realized from the sale of securities of Company during such 12-month period. 
 12. Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 (a) Notice . Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by overnight courier, U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. In the case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to her at the home address that she most recently communicated to the Employer in writing. In the case of the Employer, mailed notices shall be addressed to: 

Attention: 

Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

c/o: 

1040 West Georgia St., Suite 1030 

Vancouver, B.C., Canada V6E 4HI 

Telephone: 425-686-1500 

Facsimile: 425-686-1600 

(b) Modifications and Waivers . No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the Employer (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c) Whole Agreement . Except for those agreements or plans referenced herein (including without limitation any employee benefit plans of the Company in which the Executive is a participant in as of the Effective Date), this Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event of any conflict in terms between this Agreement and any other agreement executed by and between the Executive and the Employer, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail and govern. 
 (d) Withholding Taxes . All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law. 
 (e) Choice of Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington (except their provisions governing the choice of law). 
 8 

(f) Severability; Blue-Penciling . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. Furthermore, it is the intent, agreement and understanding of each party hereto that if, in any action before any court or agency legally empowered to enforce this Agreement, any term, restriction, covenant or promise in this Agreement is found to be unreasonable and for that or any other reason unenforceable, then such term, restriction, covenant or promise shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable by such court or agency; provided further that any such court or agency shall have the power to modify such provision, to the extent necessary to make it enforceable (for the maximum duration and geographic scope permissible), and such provision as so modified shall be enforced, 
 (g) Assignment . The Employer may assign its rights under this Agreement to any entity that expressly in writing assumes the Employer s obligations hereunder in connection with any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to such entity. 
 (h) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

ACHIEVE LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
 /s/ John Bencich 

Name: John Bencich 

Its: Chief Executive Officer 

CINDY JACOBS 
 /s/ Cindy Jacobs 

9 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 achv-ex211_6.htm
 EX-21.1

achv-ex211_6.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Achieve Life Sciences Technologies Inc., incorporated under the federal laws of Canada 
 Achieve Life Science Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
 Extab Corporation, a Delaware Corporation 
 Achieve Pharma UK Limited, a Limited Company in the United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 achv-ex231_9.htm
 EX-23.1

achv-ex231_9.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-8 (File Nos.333-153206, 333-168820, 333-190480, 333-197937, 333-206569, 333-221473, 333-228253, 333-231520, 333-236059, 333-238505, 333-254156 and 333-263421), Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-228596, 333-232817, 333-234530, 333-238970 and 333-250074) and Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-269059and 333-261811) of Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. of our report dated March 14, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 Vancouver, Canada March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 achv-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

achv-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, John Bencich, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Achieve Life Sciences, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ JOHN BENCICH 

John Bencich 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 achv-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

achv-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive and Financial Officer of Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ JOHN BENCICH 

John Bencich 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 achv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 achv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 achv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 achv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 achv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

