<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1374310_0001558370-23-001489.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30589793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1018974</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4584182</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14108390</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3410803</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6592584</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001489.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217083117
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001489
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cboe Global Markets, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001374310
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		IRS NUMBER:				205446972
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34774
		FILM NUMBER:		23640400

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 WEST VAN BUREN STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312 786 7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 WEST VAN BUREN STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBOE Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001489.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 cboe-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission file number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol (s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered CboeBZX Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s outstanding voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately billion based on the closing price of 113.19 per share of common stock. The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock as of February 10, 2023 was s hares of common stock. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of Cboe Global Market s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference in Part III. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. 2022 FORM 10-K PART I Item 1. Business 8 Item 1A. Risk Factors 34 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 59 Item 2. Properties 59 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 60 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 60 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 61 Item 6. Selected Financial Data N/A Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 64 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 95 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 99 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 154 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 154 Item 9B. Other Information 154 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 154 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 155 Item 11. Executive Compensation 155 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 155 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 155 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 155 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 156 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 162 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS Throughout this document, unless otherwise specified or the context so requires: Cboe, we, us, our or the Company refers to Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and its subsidiaries. ADV means average daily volume. ADNV means average daily notional value. AFM refers to the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. ATS refers to an alternative trading system. Bats Global Markets and Bats refer to our wholly-owned subsidiary Bats Global Markets, Inc., now known as Cboe Bats, LLC, and its subsidiaries. BIDS Trading refers to BIDS Trading, L.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. The ATS operated by BIDS Trading is not a registered national securities exchange or a facility thereof. BYX refers to Cboe BYX Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. BZX refers to Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. C2 refers to Cboe C2 Exchange, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Asia Pacific refers to Cboe Asia Pacific Holdings Limited (formerly known as Chi-X Asia Pacific Holdings Limited), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Australia refers to Cboe Australia Pty Ltd. (formerly known as Chi-X Australia Pty. Ltd.), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Chi-X Europe refers to Cboe Chi-X Europe Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Clear Digital refers to Cboe Clear Digital (formerly known as Eris Clearing), a regulated clearinghouse and component of Digital segment. Cboe Clear Europe refers to Cboe Clear Europe (formerly known as European Central Counterparty N.V, formerly defined as EuroCCP ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Digital refers to Cboe Digital Intermediate Holdings, LLC (formerly known as Eris Digital Holdings, LLC) and its subsidiaries. Prior to rebranding under the Cboe Digital name, Eris Digital Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries operated under the ErisX name. Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives refers to the combined businesses of Cboe Europe and Cboe NL. Cboe Europe refers to Cboe Europe Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., the UK operator of our Multilateral Trading Facility MTF ), our Regulated Market RM ), and our Approved Publication Arrangement APA under its Recognized Investment Exchange RIE status. Cboe FX refers to Cboe FX Markets, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Japan refers to Cboe Japan Ltd. (formerly known as Chi-X Japan Ltd.), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe NL refers to Cboe Europe BV, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., the Netherlands operator of our MTF, RM, and APA. Cboe Options refers to Cboe Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe SEF refers to Cboe SEF, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Swiss refers to Cboe Switzerland GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Cboe Trading refers to Cboe Trading, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., operated in the United States. CFE refers to Cboe Futures Exchange, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. CFTC refers to the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. CSD Br refers to CSD Central de Servi os de Registro e Dep sito aos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais S.A., a Brazilian trade repository. Chi-X refers to Chi-X Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. EDGA refers to Cboe EDGA Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. EDGX refers to Cboe EDGX Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. ESMA refers to the European Securities and Markets Authority. Exchanges refers to Cboe Options, C2, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA. FASB refers to the Financial Accounting Standards Board. FCA refers to the UK Financial Conduct Authority. FINRA refers to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. GAAP refers to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 IIROC refers to the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada. MATCHNow refers to TriAct Canada Marketplace LP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., the operator of our Canadian ATS called MATCHNow. Merger refers to our acquisition of Bats Global Markets, completed on February 28, 2017. NEO refers to Aequitas Innovations, Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. OCC refers to The Options Clearing Corporation. OPRA refers to Options Price Reporting Authority, LLC. SEC refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. SPX refers to our S P 500 Index exchange-traded options products. TPH refers to either a Trading Permit Holder or a Trading Privilege Holder. VIX refers to our Cboe Volatility Index exchange traded options and futures products. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 TRADEMARK AND OTHER INFORMATION Cboe , Cboe Global Markets , Cboe LIS , Bats , BIDS Trading , BYX , BZX , Cboe Volatility Index , CFE , EDGA , EDGX , ErisX , EuroCCP , Hybrid , LiveVol , MATCHNow , NANO , Options Institute , Silexx , VIX , and XSP are registered trademarks, and Cboe Futures Exchange SM , Cboe BIDS Europe SM , Cboe Clear SM , Cboe Digital SM , C2 SM , f(t)options SM , Hanweck SM , NANOs SM , Nanos by Cboe SM and Trade Alert SM are service marks of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Standard Poor s , S P , S P 100 , S P 500 and SPX are registered trademarks of Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC and have been licensed for use by Cboe Exchange, Inc. Dow Jones , Dow Jones Industrial Average , DJIA and Dow Jones Indices are registered trademarks or service marks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings, LLC, used under license. Russell and the Russell index names are registered trademarks of Frank Russell Company, used under license. FTSE and the FTSE indices are trademarks and service marks of FTSE International Limited, used under license. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. MSCI and the MSCI index names are service marks of MSCI Inc. MSCI or its affiliates and have been licensed for use by us. Any derivative indices and any financial products based on the derivative indices MCSI-Based Products are not sponsored, guaranteed or endorsed by MSCI, its affiliates or any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling such MSCI index. Neither MSCI, its affiliates nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling any MSCI index makes any representations regarding the advisability of investing in such MSCI-Based Products; makes any warranty, express or implied; or bears any liability as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of any such MSCI index or any data included therein. No purchaser, seller or holder of any MSCI-Based Product, or any other person or entity, should use or refer to any MSCI trade name, trademark or service mark to sponsor, endorse, market or promote any security without first contacting MSCI to determine whether MSCI s permission is required. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes market share and industry data that we obtained from industry publications and surveys, reports of governmental agencies and internal company surveys. Industry publications and surveys generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we cannot assure you that this information is accurate or complete. We have not independently verified any of the data from third-party sources nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Statements as to our market position are based on the most currently available market data. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding industry data presented herein, our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors. Please refer to the Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All statements that reflect our expectations, assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including statements in Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In particular, you should consider the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in this Annual Report and other filings with the SEC. While we believe we have identified material risks, these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; economic, political and market conditions; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading or clearing volumes, market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes; our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security vulnerabilities and breaches; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel, including compensation inflation; increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties; global expansion of operations; factors that impact the quality and integrity of our indices; our ability to manage our growth and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to minimize the risks, including our credit and default risks, associated with operating a European clearinghouse; our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including significant increases, without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source software code; our ability to meet our compliance obligations, including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit status; our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; damage to our reputation; the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill, long-lived assets, investments or intangible assets; the impacts of pandemics; the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 litigation risks and other liabilities; and operating a digital asset business, and clearinghouse, including the expected benefits of our Cboe Digital acquisition, cybercrime, changes in digital asset regulation, losses due to digital asset custody, and fluctuations in digital asset prices. For a detailed discussion of these and other factors that might affect our performance, see Part I, Item 1A of this Report. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We caution you not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this filing. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business The following description of the business should be read in conjunction with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. This description contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements due to the factors set forth in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview Cboe Global Markets, Inc., a leading provider of market infrastructure and tradable products, delivers cutting-edge trading, clearing and investment solutions to market participants around the world. The Company is committed to operating a trusted, inclusive global marketplace, and to providing leading products, technology and data solutions that enable participants to define a sustainable financial future. Cboe provides trading solutions and products in multiple asset classes, including equities, derivatives, FX, and digital assets, across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Cboe s subsidiaries include the largest options exchange and the third largest stock exchange operator in the U.S. In addition, the Company operates one of the largest stock exchanges by value traded in Europe, and owns Cboe Clear Europe (rebranded from EuroCCP in November of 2022), a leading pan-European equities and derivatives clearinghouse, BIDS Trading, a leading block-trading ATS by volume in the U.S., MATCHNow (operating as TriAct Canada Marketplace LP), a leading equities ATS in Canada, Cboe Australia, an operator of trading venues in Australia, and Cboe Japan, an operator of trading venues in Japan. Cboe also is a leading market globally for exchange-traded products ETPs listings and trading. On May 2, 2022, Cboe completed its acquisition of ErisX, subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital, an operator of a U.S. based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange, and a regulated clearinghouse. On June 1, 2022, Cboe completed its acquisition of NEO Exchange Inc. NEO ), which is a recognized Canadian securities exchange. The graphic below provides a brief overview of Cboe s history: 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Our Business Cboe reports on the following six business segments: Options. The Options segment includes options on market indices index options ), as well as on the stocks of individual corporations equity options ), and options on ETPs, such as exchange-traded funds ETFs and exchange-traded notes ETNs ), which are multi-listed options and listed on a non-exclusive basis. These options are eligible to trade, as applicable, on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and/or other U.S. national security exchanges. Cboe Options is the Company s primary options market and offers trading in listed options through a single system that integrates electronic trading and traditional open outcry trading on the Cboe Options trading floor in Chicago. C2 Options, BZX Options, and EDGX Options are all-electronic options exchanges, and typically operate with different market models and fee structures than Cboe Options. The Options segment also includes applicable market data revenue generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary options market data, index licensing, and access and capacity services. North American Equities. The North American Equities segment includes U.S. equities transaction services that occur on fully electronic exchanges owned and operated by BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, equities transactions that occur on the BIDS Trading platform, and Canadian equities and other transaction services that occur on or through the MATCHNow ATS and, as of the June 1, 2022, NEO. The North American Equities segment also includes ETP and corporate listings on NEO, ETP listings on BZX, the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. common stock listing, and applicable market data and related revenue generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary equities market data, routing services, and access and capacity services. Europe and Asia Pacific. The Europe and Asia Pacific segment includes the pan-European listed equities and derivatives transaction services, ETPs, exchange-traded commodities, and international depository receipts that are hosted on MTFs operated by Cboe Europe Equities (Cboe Europe and Cboe NL equities exchanges) and Cboe Europe Derivatives CEDX ). It also includes the ETP listings business on RMs and clearing activities of Cboe Clear Europe, as well as the equities transaction services of Cboe Australia and Cboe Japan, operators of trading venues in Australia and Japan, respectively. This segment was previously referred to as the European Equities segment but was updated to the Europe segment in the first quarter of 2021 as a result of the launch of Cboe Europe Derivatives, a pan-European derivatives platform in September 2021. The segment was subsequently updated to Europe and Asia Pacific to reflect the acquisition of Cboe Asia Pacific in July 2021. Cboe Europe operates lit and dark books, a periodic auctions book, and Cboe BIDS Europe, a Large-in-Scale LIS trading negotiation facility for UK symbols. Cboe NL, launched in October 2019 and based in Amsterdam, operates similar business functionality to that offered by Cboe Europe, and provides for trading only in European Economic Area EEA symbols. The new Cboe Europe Derivatives venue offers futures and options based on Cboe Europe equity indices. This segment also includes Cboe Europe, Cboe NL, CEDX, Cboe Australia and Cboe Japan revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. Futures. The Futures segment includes transaction services provided by CFE, a fully electronic futures exchange, which includes offerings for trading of VIX futures and other futures products, the licensing of proprietary market data, as well as access and capacity services. Global FX. The Global FX segment includes institutional FX trading services that occur on the Cboe FX fully electronic trading platform, non-deliverable forward FX transactions NDFs offered for execution on Cboe SEF and Cboe Swiss, as well as revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. Digital. The Digital segment includes Cboe Digital, an operator of a U.S. based digital asset spot market and a regulated futures exchange, and Cboe Clear Digital, a regulated clearinghouse, as well as revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 16 Segment Reporting in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for discussion of revenues and certain operational and financial metrics, and operating income (or loss) by business segment. Certain activities within our segments operate globally. For information regarding risks related to our international operations see Risk Factors. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Competitive Strengths Cboe is a leading provider of market infrastructure and tradable products across cash and spot markets, derivatives markets, and data and access solutions. Cboe delivers cutting-edge trading, clearing and investment solutions across the globe through a comprehensive ecosystem that helps drive innovation and growth. Key Growth Strategy Initiatives Our strategy is to build one of the world s largest global derivatives and securities networks to create value and drive growth by: Innovating to capture growing demand for trading products and data services, globally. We plan to increase access to data products and trading solutions, provide unrivaled transaction capabilities, have a global presence in the highest value markets, and develop indices and products to meet growing environmental, social, and governance ESG needs. In 2022, we delivered on this initiative by launching Nanos by Cboe, which are smaller and simpler options designed for retail traders, adding Tuesday and Thursday expirations for SPX Weeklys Options, launching FLEX Micro Options, launching Mini S P 500 Index (XSP) Options during global trading hours, adding Pan-European market data to Cboe Global Cloud, launching a new, real-time Canadian equities market data offering, and adding volatility-related indices to Cboe s implied correlation index suite. Integrating across ecosystems to increase efficiency and better serve customers. We aim to seamlessly integrate across ecosystems to increase efficiency and better serve our customers. We leverage industry-leading technology, apply a non-siloed integration approach to expand ecosystems and fuel our flywheel and generate strong free cash flow as we improve operating efficiency. In 2022, we delivered on this initiative by completing the migration of MATCHNow to the Cboe technology platform and launching a new Canadian offering for buy-side direct electronic access trading, beginning the operational integrations of NEO and Cboe Digital into the Cboe corporate organization, and initiating the migrations of Cboe Australia and Cboe Japan to the Cboe technology platform. Growing by accessing untapped addressable markets. We are expanding and diversifying our revenue opportunity set through both organic investment and merger and acquisition activity. In 2022, we delivered on this initiative by completing our acquisition of NEO, thereby further expanding into Canada, as well as completing our acquisition of Cboe Digital and entering the digital asset space. We have further developed the Cboe Digital platform by syndicating minority equity interests with a group of thirteen firms reflecting a broad array of market participants to help support the growth of the platform. We also accessed untapped addressable markets by launching new equity index products on CEDX and joined the Pyth network to bring equities market data to the blockchain. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Proprietary Products In addition to operating cash and spot markets and derivative markets, and providing data and access solutions, we are a leader in the volatility space with the proprietary products we offer for trading. These proprietary products are built through Cboe Labs, a dedicated team centered on the creation, development, and implementation of new ideas and our strategic relationships and license agreements with index providers, which are both described below in further detail. Our most frequently traded proprietary products include SPX options and VIX options and futures. SPX Options The S P 500 Index is an index comprised of 500 large-cap U.S. listed companies. It is one of the most commonly followed indices and is considered a bellwether for the U.S. economy. The SPX options we offer on the S P 500 Index are exclusive to Cboe and contribute substantially to our volumes and transaction fees. Because of the S P 500 Index s status as a bellwether, SPX options are used in many different trading strategies by customers with different goals, including pension funds hedging their equity exposure by buying put options, asset managers seeking enhanced returns by selling covered call options and hedge funds using risk-managed strategies to capture so-called risk premia embedded in option prices. We also offer Mini- and Nano-SPX options, FLEX- and FLEX micro-SPX options, and SPX Weeklys options, which have settlements on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and on the last trading day of each month and 24x5 trading in SPX options. We believe these additional expirations provide customers with more precision when hedging overall portfolio risk. Volatility Trading Cboe pioneered the trading of exchange-traded volatility products with its introduction of VIX futures in 2004 and VIX options in 2006. The VIX Index (as defined below), although not directly tradable, is based on the mid-point of real-time quotes of SPX options and is designed to reflect investors consensus view of future 30-day expected stock market volatility. The VIX methodology provides the basis for the creation of VIX options and futures. The final settlement value of VIX derivatives is determined on their expiration date through a Special Opening Quotation SOQ of the VIX Index. The SOQ calculation uses opening trade prices of selected options; unless there is no opening price, in which case the opening price used in the SOQ calculation is the midpoint of the highest bid and lowest offer at the time of the opening. Since we started offering these products, we have seen trading from a number of different customer segments utilizing a number of different trading strategies, including hedging extreme stock market declines, also known as tail risk hedging, and risk-managed strategies that seek to capture the relative price changes of expected volatility at different times in the future. We also offer VIX Weeklys options and futures, mini VIX futures, and nearly 24x5 trading in VIX options and futures to provide investors with additional tools to trade volatility. Proprietary Indices We also calculate and disseminate proprietary indices that are licensed for use by third parties or are used as the basis for other proprietary products. These proprietary indices are built both through our in-house research and development staff of the Data and Access Solutions business and our strategic relationships and license agreements with index providers, which are both described below in further detail. Our proprietary indices include: volatility indices based on broad-based market indices, such as the S P 500 and the Russell 2000, volatility indices based on ETFs, and options strategy benchmark indices, such as the Cboe BuyWrite, PutWrite and Collar indices based on the S P 500 and Russell 2000, BuyWrite and PutWrite indices based on MSCI EAFE and MSCI Emerging Markets, and BuyWrite indices based on other broad-based market indices. 
 In addition to any transaction fee revenue generated on products created based on these indices, we have granted licenses for third parties to use and sublicense some of these proprietary indices to create third-party indices and products. Accordingly, we generate revenue from proprietary indices by distributing them for reference purposes, using them as the basis for proprietary products and licensing them for use for third-party indices and products. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Strategic Relationships The Company has long-term business relationships with several providers of market indices. We license their indices, including on an exclusive basis, as the foundation for indices, index options and other products. The Company also acquires interests in and agrees to work jointly with key providers to develop new products and services that are expected to capitalize on our core competencies and diversify our sources of revenue. Of particular note are the following: S P Global. We have the following licensing arrangements with S P Global, Inc. subsidiaries: o S P. We have the exclusive right to offer exchange-listed options contracts in the United States on the S P 500 Index, the S P 100 Index, the S P 500 ESG Index, and the S P Select Sector Indices as a result of a licensing arrangement with S P Dow Jones Indices, LLC S P ). Our license from S P is through December 31, 2033, with an exclusive license to trade options on the S P 500 Index through December 31, 2032. We use the market data from the trading of options on the S P 500 Index and S P 100 Index for the creation of Cboe volatility indices, such as the Cboe Volatility Index VIX Index ), and to create tradable products on those volatility indices . o IHS Markit. Under our licensing agreement with IHS Markit Ltd. (acquired by S P Global in 2022), we have the worldwide exclusive license through August 23, 2023 to offer options and futures on indices designed to reflect values of U.S. corporate bonds. We currently offer futures on high yield and investment grade corporate bond indices. o DJI Opco. We have the exclusive right during standard U.S. trading hours to offer listed options contracts in the United States on the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA and Dow 10 Index, and non-exclusive rights to offer listed options on several other Dow Jones indices including the Dow Jones Utilities Average and Dow Jones Transportation Average. This licensing arrangement with DJI Opco, LLC (acquired by S P in 2012) extends through December 31, 2033. We use market data from the trading of options on these indices to create Cboe volatility indices, variance indicators and BuyWrite indices, and to trade options and other products on these indices. 
 FTSE Russell. Under our license agreement with the London Stock Exchange Group s LSEG leading global index franchises, Frank Russell Company and FTSE International Limited (together FTSE Russell ), we have the exclusive or first right in the United States to offer listed options on more than two dozen FTSE Russell indices, which represent a diverse group of domestic and global equities with international appeal. Our exclusive license from FTSE Russell is through April 1, 2030. We offer options on the Russell 2000, Russell 1000, Russell 1000 Value and Russell 1000 Growth indices and mini-options on the Russell 2000 Index. MSCI . We have an agreement with MSCI Inc. MSCI until December 31, 2031 in which we have the exclusive right to offer U.S.-listed options on ten of MSCI s indices including the MSCI EAFE and MSCI Emerging Markets indices. We use market data from the trading of these options to calculate several versions of BuyWrite and PutWrite strategy indices. 
 Data and Access Solutions The Data and Access Solutions business provides an offering of market data and information solutions products across multiple asset classes and geographic regions that are designed to suit our customers diverse needs. The Data and Access Solutions business consists of three product groups: Market Data and Access Services. Data products include real-time depth of book quotation information, auction and complex option information, top of book quotes and trades, last sale information, and consolidated equity feeds. In addition to market data, Access Services include all Access and Capacity products including connectivity, terminal and other equipment rights, maintenance services, trading floor space and permits for the opportunity to trade. Cboe Global Indices. Services include index creation, calculation, licensing, and data dissemination. In addition to index data dissemination, through Cboe s Global Indices platform, we distribute real-time cryptocurrency prices and indicative net asset values. See above for additional information regarding our proprietary indices. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Risk and Market Analytics. Services include analytics and historical data with three areas of focus: 
 o Data and Market Analytics. Services include aggregated equity and derivative market statistics, theoretical values, trading indicators, portfolio and margin risk, scenarios, and historical data from Cboe s markets as well as third-party consolidated data. o Front-End Platforms. Cboe provides multiple trading solutions and services including Cboe Silexx, LiveVol Pro, FT Options and Trade Alert. o Connectivity. Services include FIX Order Routing, Trade Drop Copy Network, CAT reporting, and broker connectivity. 
 We provide data services to market participants globally through a number of distribution channels including direct, via our vendor partners and Cboe Global Cloud, which is our global cloud data distribution service. U.S. Tape Plans We also derive a portion of our revenue from market data fees from U.S. tape plans, including Unlisted Trading Privileges UTPs ), the Consolidated Tape Association CTA and OPRA. Fees, net of plan costs, from UTP, CTA, and OPRA are allocated and distributed to plan participants like us according to their share of tape fees based on a formula, required by Regulation NMS, which may take into account both trading and quoting activity. Our Market Models We operate a variety of derivatives and cash and spot markets. Our markets use a combination of pricing and market models to differentiate them from each other and from our competitors. For our U.S. derivatives options markets, Cboe Options is a hybrid market combining open outcry floor trading with electronic trading. For multi-listed products, we utilize public customer priority, market turner in certain products, participation rights and pro-rata allocation market models, combined with the classic pricing model. Under the classic pricing model, professional participants pay transaction fees, public customers generally do not pay transaction fees and market makers compensate brokers for sending order flow to the exchange (known as payment for order flow). For proprietary products, we use price-time or pro-rata allocation, sometimes with public customer priority, and market turner market models, combined with a pricing model where all market participants generally pay fees. Our other three options markets are fully electronic. BZX options utilizes a price-time market model, combined with a maker-taker pricing model. Under the maker-taker pricing model, market participants who make the market (a maker generally receive a rebate, while market participants who trade against those markets (a taker pay a transaction fee. EDGX options utilizes customer priority, participation rights and pro-rata allocation market models, combined with the classic pricing model. C2 options utilizes a pro-rata allocation market model, combined with the maker-taker pricing model. For our U.S. derivatives futures market, which is fully electronic, CFE utilizes a price-time market model, combined with a pricing model where all market participants generally pay fees, subject to specified exceptions. For our U.S. cash and spot markets, the U.S. equities exchanges, which are fully electronic, offer various market models. BZX equities utilizes a price-time market model, combined with the maker-taker pricing model. EDGX equities utilizes a price-time with retail priority market model, combined with the maker-taker pricing model. BYX equities utilizes a price-time with price improvement for retail customers market model, combined with the taker-maker pricing model. Under the taker-maker pricing model, market participants who make the market pay a transaction fee, while market participants who trade against those markets receive a rebate. EDGA equities utilizes a price-time market model, combined with a taker-maker pricing model. In addition to these market models, each of the U.S. equity exchanges provides numerous specific order types that are designed to enhance their respective market models. For our cash and spot markets, BIDS Trading, the U.S. equities ATS market, which is fully electronic and is an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with the Exchanges, utilizes a sponsored access model to provide anonymous executions in NMS stocks. BIDS Trading provides numerous order types, including both firm and conditional orders. All orders matched within BIDS Trading are executed at or better than the National Best Bid and Offer NBBO ). BIDS Trading charges fees based on disclosed, objective criteria: (i) means of access; (ii) the type of order; and (iii) the total volume of executions during the calendar month. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 In Canada, for our cash and spot markets, MATCHNow, the Canadian equities ATS, which is fully electronic, utilizes a model that combines frequent call matches and continuous execution opportunities in a confidential trading book. The system uses real-time quotes for protected transparent Canadian markets, and orders may be firm or conditional. Firm orders matched within MATCHNow are executed at three levels of price improvement: (1) the mid-point between the Canadian best bid and offer (the CBBO (2) one price increment better than the CBBO or; (3) at the bid or offer for orders that meet a specified large threshold. Trading fees are typically calculated as a function of trade volume and share price. Further, NEO, a recognized Canadian securities exchange, which is fully electronic, offers three order books: NEO-L, which provides resting orders with priority over high-frequency orders and combines a maker-taker pricing model with a NEO trader priority; NEO-N, which prioritizes larger resting orders over smaller orders, imposes a speed bump and displays volume aggregate by price, with a taker-maker pricing model; and NEO-D, which allows participants to submit marketable and resting orders with specified parameters and NEO trader priority with size-time priority, with a taker-maker pricing model. In Europe, following the implementation of the Directive on Markets in Financial Instruments (Directive 2014/65/EU) MiFID II ), for the derivatives and cash and spot markets, rebates are generally available if they are tied to a market making scheme or specific service. In Australia, for our derivatives and cash and spot markets, Cboe Australia, a regulated stock exchange, which is fully electronic, utilizes a model that charges a different ad valorem fee rate depending on whether a participant is making or taking liquidity. Fee waivers are also provided to participants registered as market makers, but payments for order flow are prohibited. In Japan, for our cash and spot markets, Cboe Japan, offers two fully electronic displayed markets, Chi-Alpha, which utilizes a price-time market model, combined with the maker-taker pricing model and Chi-Select, which utilizes a price-time retail customers focused market model, combined with the taker-maker pricing model. Cboe Japan also offers two fully electronic non-displayed markets, Chi-Match, which matches VWAP orders during pre-market hours and Kai-X, which utilizes a price-time market model aiming for primary market mid-point trades. For our FX spot markets, the Cboe FX platform utilizes a price-firmness-time priority market model, combined with a pricing model where users are charged either a flat or tiered commission rate based upon the notional amount traded on the platform. For our FX NDF markets, Cboe SEF and Cboe Swiss platforms utilize a price-firmness-time priority market model and charge a flat commission based upon the notional amount traded on the platform and the capacity in which a participant is trading. Cboe Digital, which is fully electronic, for our digital asset spot and futures markets, utilizes a price-time priority model. Our markets also charge fees for the opportunity to trade or access our markets, including fees for trading-related functionality. To facilitate trading, we also charge fees for certain technology services, terminal and other equipment rights, maintenance services, trading floor space and telecommunications services. Listing Cboe operates five listing venues across the globe that are structured and designed, in the U.S. and Canada, for all types of equity instruments, such as ETPs, corporate securities, warrants and depositary receipts, while in the UK and EU they support ETPs only. In Australia, both ETPs and warrants are supported. Over the course of 2022, Cboe added approximately 800 listings across the globe and had approximately 1,800 listings for the year ended December 31, 2022. Clearing Our subsidiary Cboe Clear Europe, a European central counterparty CCP ), provides post-trade services, including clearing, to stock exchanges, multilateral trading facilities and for over-the-counter equities trades and derivatives trades. Cboe Clear Europe acts as a central counterparty that, for its clearing participants, becomes the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer. As a result, it guarantees the timely performance of the obligations of buyers and sellers and takes on the risk of the performance of the transactions that it clears. Additionally, as a critical Financial Market Infrastructure, Cboe Clear Europe is subject to strict business continuity requirements and regulatory oversight. In 2022, Cboe Clear Europe provided CCP protection for an average of 48 billion of cleared value on a daily basis. Through the process of netting, in 2022, Cboe Clear Europe eliminated 71 , or 34 billion of the average daily cleared value, leaving an average daily settlement value of 14 billion. In 2021, Cboe Clear Europe provided CCP protection for an average of 43 billion of cleared value on a daily basis. Through the process of netting, in 2021, Cboe Clear Europe eliminated 72 , or 31 billion of the average daily cleared value, leaving an average daily settlement value of 12 billion. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Cboe Clear Digital is a digital asset clearinghouse and central counterparty that provides clearing and settlement of digital asset trades for its affiliate, Cboe Digital Exchange. Cboe Clear Digital clears cryptocurrencies from 51 U.S. jurisdictions authorized by license or not subject to licensing. Since our acquisition of Cboe Digital, Cboe Clear Digital cleared 4 billion in notional volume. Customers Our customers generally include financial institutions, trading platforms, institutional and individual investors, and professional traders. Our equities and options customers in the United States include trading permit holders and members of Cboe Options, C2, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, which are SEC-registered broker-dealers, and the customers of those broker-dealers. Our Canadian equities customers include subscribers of MATCHNow and members of NEO, which are Canadian registered investment dealers, and certain clients of those dealers. Our Australian customers include trading participants of Cboe Australia, which are Australian registered investment dealers, and certain clients of those dealers. Our Japanese customers include participants of Chi-Alpha, Chi-Select, Chi-Match and Kai-X, which are Japanese registered broker-dealers, and certain clients of those dealers. Our ATS equities participants in the United States include subscribers of BIDS Trading, which are SEC-registered broker-dealers, and certain customers of those broker-dealers. Our futures customers include banks, futures commission merchants and their customers, hedge funds, asset managers, proprietary trading firms, and Commodity Trading Advisors. Similarly, our equities customers in Europe are European Union EU regulated brokerage and proprietary trading firms, as well as sponsored access clients of these brokerage firms and certain non-EU regulated and unregulated direct access participants. Cboe Clear Europe clears equities, equity like instruments from 18 European markets and from the United States. Cboe Clear Europe also clears equity derivative instruments as traded on Cboe NL. Cboe Clear Europe clearing participants include EEA regulated banks and brokerage trading firms. Our institutional global FX customers include banks, broker-dealers, hedge funds, asset managers, proprietary trading firms, Commodity Trading Advisors, and corporates. Our digital asset customers in the U.S. include SEC-registered broker-dealers, the customers of those broker-dealers, financial institutions, trading platforms, institutional and individual investors, futures commission merchants, introducing brokers, and professional traders. Access to our markets and trading rights and privileges depend upon the nature of the customer, such as whether the individual or firm is (or is eligible to become) a trading permit holder, trading privilege holder, member, participant, or subscriber of one of our markets. Competition The industry in which we operate is intensely competitive. We believe we face competition on a number of factors, including: price, quality and speed of our trade and clearing execution; functionality and ease of use of our trading and clearing platforms; reliability, integrity, range and functionality of our products and services; integrity of our marketplaces; technological innovation and adaption; our brand awareness; and our reputation. 
 We believe that we compete favorably with respect to these factors through a variety of methods, including: offering access to a broad array of products and services, including proprietary products and market data; offering fee schedules and pricing models that both attract order flow and provide incentives to liquidity providers; providing advanced technology that offers broad functionality, low latency, fast execution, ease of use, scalability, reliability and security; offering efficient, transparent and liquid marketplaces; offering deep and liquid markets with opportunities for price improvement; offering broad trading platform access in the EU; maintaining close relationships with customers; and providing customers with a comprehensive source of information on options and ETPs as well as extensive options education. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 In our proprietary products, we compete against other futures exchanges and swap execution facilities that offer similar products, as well as against financial market participants that offer similar over-the-counter derivatives. We also compete against certain multi-listed options products, such as options on SPY, which may offer similar market exposure of our proprietary products, such as SPX options. The multi-listed options industry is extremely competitive. We expect this trend to continue. As of December 31, 2022, we compete with 16 U.S. options exchanges, in large part due to existing exchange holding companies opening new exchanges that offer different markets and pricing models on existing technology. Most of the equity and ETP options listed and traded on our exchanges are also listed and traded on the other exchanges. In addition, the options exchanges that we compete with set fees and rebates to attract multi-listed options business to their exchanges, which has historically reduced the net revenue per contract that we generate from multi-listed options, and the options exchanges that we compete with structure their options businesses in partnership with established market participants, such as consolidators, and other order flow providers, to increase their volume traded. Our U.S. equities and the BIDS Trading ATS compete against 16 other exchanges as of December 31, 2022, and several other ATSs and single dealer platforms. Market participants have multiple venues for the execution of orders, including national securities exchanges and numerous off-exchange venues, including other ATSs and broker-dealers that internalize orders off-exchange. Additionally, corporate and ETP issuers have multiple venues they can choose from in the listing of their products. In Canada, our equities ATS, MATCHNow, and our recognized Canadian securities exchange, NEO, compete with several Canadian exchanges and other ATSs. In Australia, our exchange, Cboe Australia, competes with other Australian exchanges and ATSs. In Japan, our equities exchanges and ATSs, compete with several Japanese exchanges and other ATSs. The market for execution and clearing services in Europe became more competitive following the introduction of MiFID II and the Regulation on Markets in Financial Instruments (Regulation (EU) No 600/2014) MiFIR ). Furthermore, MiFID II and MiFIR placed more onerous conditions on trading venues and investment firms and restricted certain types of trading activity. Our major competitors in Europe include national stock exchanges, other pan-European MTFs, European clearinghouses, dark pools, and systematic internalizers. The global FX market remains severely fragmented, with transparent automated marketplaces such as Cboe FX challenging a small number of similarly situated competitors. While the global FX market has experienced a shift from competing interbank platforms to ECNs, the electronification of the spot and NDF FX market may encounter resistance from customers that still prefer to utilize the phone, instant chats, terminals and key banking relationships for price discovery and trading. Furthermore, electronification of the FX market appears to be experiencing more resistance outside the United States. The electronic spot FX market is also intensely competitive, with over 10 other venues competing for market share as of December 31, 2022. Cboe measures and reports on market share against a narrower set of competitors, included in those venues. Our digital asset spot market, regulated futures exchange, and regulated clearinghouse, compete against other spot trading platforms, futures exchanges, and decentralized trading platforms that offer similar instruments. In addition, our data and access solutions face competition from other securities exchanges, technology companies, third-party market data providers, and information and software vendors, which have their own substantial market data distribution capabilities that serve as alternative means for receiving open market data feeds instead of connecting directly to our exchanges or trading venues. The sale of our proprietary data products is also under competitive threat from ATSs and trading venues that offer similar products. Distributors and consumers of our market data may also use our market data as an input into a product that competes against one of our traded or cleared products. Technology Cboe Trading Technology The trading platform for our equities, options, and futures markets is developed, owned, and operated in-house and is designed to optimize reliability, speed, scalability, and versatility. Our exchanges provide different market models, appealing to different user bases, and the trading technologies support all of them. Further, the technologies are designed to support many specialized features for each of the markets, such as: dark pools, trade reporting facility, systematic internalizer, Large-in-Scale, smart order routing, FLEX options, 24x5 trading, and hybrid trading (combining electronic and open outcry). In addition, Cboe and its applicable subsidiaries operate separate trading and/or clearing platforms, as applicable, for BIDS Trading, MATCHNow, NEO, Cboe Digital, Cboe Clear Europe, Global FX, Cboe Australia, and Cboe Japan. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Our trading platforms have generally experienced very low operational downtime and low latency. The trading platforms use readily available hardware, thereby minimizing capital outlays required for each new market entry. Also, in order to continue to implement new enhancements to our trading platforms, new releases of software are generally deployed routinely in all of the applicable markets. Disaster Recovery We operate and maintain geographically diverse disaster recovery facilities for all of our markets. We expect that the disaster recovery facilities can be up and running in a short period of time and in certain instances we work with our market participants to try to quickly reopen marketplaces. We regularly test our data center recovery plans and periodically carry out weekend tests using our back-up data centers, as well as an annual test with our U.S. trading participants. In Canada, as required by local regulations, NEO and MATCHNow conduct internal testing of their disaster recovery data processing capabilities at least annually, and they participate in the bi-annual testing coordinated by the self-regulatory organization formerly known as IIROC and now known as the New Self-Regulatory Organization of Canada (the Canadian SRO ). Cboe Australia, NEO and Cboe Japan conduct internal testing of their disaster recovery data processing capabilities at least annually. In Europe, we also regularly test our data center recovery plans and periodically carry out weekend tests which use our back-up data center, as well as an annual test with our European trading participants. We continue to work to improve both the availability of our technology and our disaster recovery facilities. Routing and Clearing OCC is the sole provider of clearing on all of our U.S. options and futures exchanges. National Securities Clearing Corporation NSCC ), a subsidiary of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation DTC ), is the sole provider of clearing on our U.S. listed equity exchanges. The Canadian Depository for Securities CDS is the sole provider of clearing on all equities transactions occurring on MATCHNow and NEO. With respect to Australian equities and derivatives, Cboe Australia delivers matched trades of its customers to ASX Clear Pty Ltd and ASX Settlement Pty Ltd. ASX Clear Pty Ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Australia. The Japan Securities Clearing Corporation JSCC is the sole provider of clearing on all equities transactions occurring on Cboe Japan s Chi-Alpha, Chi-Select, Chi-Match and Kai-X. BofA Securities, Inc. BOA is the sole provider of clearing on all equities transactions occurring on BIDS Trading. Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives relies on LCH Limited and LCH SA LCH ), Cboe Clear Europe, and SIX x-clear Ltd SIX x-clear to clear trades in European listed equity securities and derivatives as part of an interoperable clearing model. Cboe Digital Exchange relies on Cboe Clear Digital to clear digital asset trades. Cboe Trading is a routing broker-dealer used by our four U.S. equities exchanges and our four U.S. options exchanges, including the electronic platform portion of Cboe Options. Cboe Trading s clearing firms are Wedbush Securities, Inc. Wedbush and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC Morgan Stanley ). Digital Assets and Recent Developments Cboe Digital is an operator of a U.S. based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange, and a regulated clearinghouse. As described in further detail below, Cboe Digital does not engage in proprietary trading activities and does not maintain a trading entity. Cboe Digital does not itself trade digital assets, does not trade on its own exchange, and does not maintain an affiliate trading entity for purposes of trading, market making, or liquidity provision on its exchange. Cboe Clear Digital maintains its own operating funds in separate bank accounts at separate banking institutions from where it maintains customer accounts. In addition, customer accounts and institutional accounts are maintained at separate banking institutions. Each bank account and digital wallet is appropriately titled in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements thus helping to ensure that customer assets are clearly denoted as such. Cboe Digital takes several steps to isolate the digital assets held for customers from its own assets and to structure customer accounts in a way that reinforces customer ownership of digital assets. Primarily, Cboe Digital holds customer digital assets separate from its own assets in customer accounts, referred to as wallets, either through a third-party custodian, a licensed trust company, or in separate and distinct wallets managed by Cboe Digital. Customer digital assets are held in omnibus wallets titled for the benefit of customers of Cboe Digital. Digital assets of customers (but not those of Cboe Digital) are commingled in the omnibus wallets, and Cboe Digital maintains the records of the amount and type of digital asset owned by each of its customers in omnibus wallets. Cboe Digital does not commingle its own corporate assets with the customer digital assets in the omnibus wallets, other than corporate assets that are held in omnibus wallets to facilitate customer transactions relating to the digital assets contained in the omnibus wallet, including in order to pay customary transaction fees and expenses. Because Cboe Digital does not have a trading entity for proprietary or 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 liquidity trading purposes, Cboe Digital maintains its own digital assets only to facilitate customer trading. Cboe Digital does not currently pledge, rehypothecate, or invest customer digital assets, although its customer agreements and rulebook permit it to do so in the future. Additionally, Cboe Digital does not otherwise use customer digital assets for its own corporate or business purposes. Further, Cboe Digital holds customers digital assets custodially through self-custody and its accounts with custodians, such as banks or such other cryptocurrency custodial institutions selected by us to act as custodians. Cboe Digital s custody strategy is designed to maximize liquidity and efficient access to assets by making those assets readily available. Cboe Digital monitors its cash and the digital asset balances it maintains with custodians. Digital assets require control of one or more unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which the digital assets are held. The networks require one or more private keys relating to a digital wallet to authorize a spending transaction. If private keys are lost or destroyed, this could prevent the ability to transfer the corresponding digital asset. Security breaches, computer malware, and computer hacking attacks have been a prevalent concern in digital asset markets. Cboe Digital has committed to securely store digital assets it holds on behalf of users. As such, Cboe Digital may be liable to its users for losses arising from theft or loss of user private keys. Cboe Digital has no reason to believe it will incur any expense associated with such potential liability because (i) it has no known or historical experience of claims to use as a basis of measurement, (ii) it accounts for and continually verifies the amount of digital assets within its control, and (iii) it has established security around custodial private keys to minimize the risk of theft or loss. Also, Cboe Digital is exposed to risk with respect to digital asset prices and valuations which are largely based on the supply and demand for those digital assets in financial markets. Cboe Digital s valuation governance framework includes numerous controls and other procedural safeguards that are intended to maximize the quality of fair value measurements. New products and valuation techniques are reviewed and approved by senior management. Cboe Digital s valuation process for digital assets are fair value estimates that are also validated by the finance control function independently. Independent price verification is performed by finance control through benchmarking fair value estimates with observable market prices or other independent sources. Reasonably designed controls and governance framework are in place and are intended to help ensure quality third-party pricing sources were used. Cboe Clear Digital clears cryptocurrencies from 51 U.S. jurisdictions authorized by license or not subject to licensing. Cboe Clear Digital performs a guarantee function whereby Cboe Clear Digital helps to ensure that the obligations of the transactions it clears are fulfilled. Spot trading is either cleared on a fully funded basis or by providing non-material daily trading limits to certain well-qualified institutional clearing members. In order to help mitigate the impact of any potential default by such a clearing member, extension of any trading limits is accompanied by performing credit due diligence, requiring posting of collateral or other forms of financial guarantee and hard pre-trade limits. Cboe Digital does not allow access from unauthorized or impermissible jurisdictions, and has taken active steps to help prevent such access and to help prevent circumvention of our controls. To help ensure an orderly market, Cboe Digital maintains digital assets to support its clearing operations which may be subject to significant changes in value and therefore exposed to market risk with the fluctuation in market prices. Cboe Digital monitors this risk on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. The business model is such that Cboe Digital earns digital assets and at times may accumulate positions that are subject to market risk. Customer positions do have market risk based on daily activity and settlement prices. While Cboe Digital and its vendors have experienced in the past cybersecurity threats and events of varying degrees, we are not aware of any of these threats or events having a material impact on Cboe Digital s business, financial condition or operating results to date. However, there can be no assurance that we or our vendors and custodians will not experience future threats or events that may be material. If any such threats or events materialize, we may be subject to contractual restrictions, liability and damages, loss of business, penalties, unfavorable publicity, and increased scrutiny by regulators, which may have an adverse effect on our business. The pending bankruptcy of FTX and the bankruptcies of other digital asset platforms has brought increased scrutiny to the digital asset industry. While FTX s pending bankruptcy and the bankruptcies of other digital asset platforms has not had a direct material effect on Cboe s overall business or financial condition, Cboe s sole exposure to such bankruptcies was FTX and it was through Cboe s entitlement to an immaterial amount of Pyth tokens, which were held on the FTX exchange and were not received in exchange for Cboe participating on the Pyth network. See Risk Factors for more information regarding Cboe Digital. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Regulatory Environment and Compliance Various aspects of our business are subject to regulation by the SEC, CFTC, FINRA, the New York Department of Financial Services NYDFS ), various state regulators, the Canadian SRO, the Canadian Securities Administrators (and, in particular, the Ontario Securities Commission or OSC ), the Australian Securities Investments Commission ASIC ), JFSA, JSDA, ESMA, FCA, the Central Bank of the Netherlands DNB ), AFM, and other international regulatory authorities where our exchanges or Cboe Clear Europe may be authorized to act as foreign exchanges or provide clearing services, and market participants may be subject to regulation by the SEC, CFTC, FINRA, National Futures Association NFA ), FCA, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, U.S. Department of the Treasury and/or foreign regulators. The following is a discussion of the more significant areas of regulation of us by the SEC, the CFTC, and certain European regulators. Recent Developments Laws and regulations regarding our business are frequently modified or changed to address perceived problems, new products, or competition or at the request of market participants. The following is a brief discussion of recent regulatory developments that may significantly impact our business. United States Consolidated Data Plan Order On May 6, 2020, the SEC issued an order (the Consolidated Data Plan Order that would require U.S. equities exchanges and FINRA to develop and file a new consolidated data plan (the Plan that would replace the three current U.S. equities tape data plans and require certain governance provisions, such as changes to the voting structure. Pursuant to the Consolidated Data Plan Order, we and the other U.S. equities exchanges and FINRA were required to file the proposed Plan for public comment before the SEC took any definitive action on such new plan. The proposed Plan was filed on August 11, 2020 and on August 6, 2021 the SEC approved such Plan. The Plan was subsequently challenged by exchanges and the courts granted a stay of the Plan. On July 5, 2022, the D.C. Circuit Court upheld parts of the Consolidated Data Plan Order, while vacating certain of its other requirements including the Plan s requirements regarding the voting structure. As such, the current data plans will continue to govern. Our equities exchanges, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, may require additional resources to comply with or challenge the Consolidated Data Plan Order and the Plan may have a material impact on our business, financial condition and operating results if, for example, there is a negative impact on the applicable market data revenues that we receive that are generated from such new plan. See Risk Factors for more information. Market Data Infrastructure Rule On December 9, 2020, the SEC issued a Market Data Infrastructure Final Rule MDIR ), which makes significant additions to the content available on the Securities Information Processors SIPs and replaces the exclusive processors with a competing consolidator model. The MDIR was subsequently challenged by several exchanges in court, but was upheld by the D.C. Circuit Court on May 24, 2022. In connection with the MDIR s requirements, the exchanges filed fee amendments for the new market data content required under the MDIR,as well as non-fee amendments, which were subsequently disapproved by the SEC on September 21, 2022. Because the implementation of the MDIR is predicated on the approval of the fee and non-fee amendments, the MDIR has yet to take effect. Until such time, the SEC orders the exchanges to file new fee and non-fee amendments, the MDIR is at a standstill. However, should MDIR be implemented, the new rules could cause Cboe s equities exchanges, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, to require additional resources to comply with the new rules and they may have a material impact on our business, financial condition and operating results if, for example, there are lower SIP plan revenues or we must reduce the fees we charge for market data. See Risk Factors for more information. Equity Market Structure In December 2022, the SEC released four proposals that could impact equity market structure: (1) Disclosure of Order Execution Information (Rule 605); (2) Regulation NMS Amendments: Tick Size, Access Fees, and Transparency; (3) Regulation Best Execution; and (4) Proposed Rule to Enhance Order Competition. These proposals have been noticed for public comment. If adopted as-is, final implementation of these equity market structure proposals could occur in late 2024 and 2025 and could result in market technology changes and additional compliance costs to Cboe. Further, it is possible that additional proposals or changes to the existing equity market structure, which could have a negative 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 impact on our operations. In addition, bills are sometimes introduced in the U.S. Congress that could also potentially impact equity market structure and adversely impact our volumes and operations. See Risk Factors for more information. Digital Asset Legislation Members of U.S. Congress have introduced various bills related to the regulation of digital assets, however no legislation has been passed and the details of any potential legislation remain to be discussed and agreed. While some of these contemplated changes could reduce regulatory uncertainty, increase transparency, and promote investor protection, which could be beneficial for Cboe Digital s volumes and liquidity, the implementation of certain changes could result in a reduction in overall volumes and liquidity or require additional resources to comply with any new rules included as part of the legislation, which could have a negative impact on our operations. See Risk Factors for more information. Europe Capital Markets Union The European Council E.C. has highlighted one of its top priorities as being the establishment of a fully functioning, well-regulated Capital Markets Union CMU ). An Action Plan of concrete steps was set out in September 2015, and an update of the list of initiatives was published in September 2016. In November 2019, the E.C. set up a High Level Forum on CMU, resulting in a final report published in June 2020. On September 24, 2020, the E.C. published a new CMU Action Plan, and on November 25, 2021, published a set of legislative proposals in furtherance of the CMU, including proposals to amend the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation MiFIR described in the EU Transparency Rules section below. This therefore remains an ongoing project for the E.C., which may result in additional regulation or legislation. In November 2021 the EU Commission published an update regarding progress against the CMU Action Plan alongside a number of new legislative proposals designed to contribute to the objectives of CMU. These included proposals to: Create a European Single Access Point ESAP which will be a common source of public, free information about EU companies and investment products, regardless of where in the EU they are located or originated. Amendments to the ELTIF framework to promote long-term investments through European Long-Term Investment Funds ELTIFs ). Making funding more diversified for companies by reviewing the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive AIFMD ). Enhancing market transparency by reviewing the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation MiFIR ). 
 OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of July 4, 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories (the European Market Infrastructure Regulation or EMIR sets out rules relating to over-the-counter OTC derivatives markets, central counterparties and trade repositories. The rules introduce a reporting obligation for OTC derivatives markets, a clearing obligation for eligible OTC derivatives markets, measures to reduce counterparty credit and operational risk for bilateral OTC derivatives markets, CCPs, and trade repositories, and rules on the establishment of interoperability between CCPs. EMIR was enhanced and amended in June 2019. In December 2022, the EU Commission published a proposal to further amend EMIR with the primary goal of making EU clearing services more attractive to market participants. In addition, regulation governing the authorization and supervision of Central Securities Depositories CSDR was approved in September 2014, with the publication of most Level 2 Regulatory Technical Standards in March 2017, with implementation in March 2019. The introduction of mandatory buy-ins for OTC business in 2022 was postponed for three years and in 2022, the EU Commission published proposals to further review CSDR, including the mandatory buy-in regime. Rules in relation to the calculation and collection of cash penalties have come in to force in February 2022. In November 2022, ESMA published a proposal to amend CSDR to simplify the cash penalties process for cleared transactions. The Central Counterparty Recovery and Resolution Regulation R R Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on January 22, 2021, which resulted in an increase in the amount of prefunded capital Cboe Clear Europe is required to maintain. This additional prefunded capital is required to be drawn before any recovery measures can be taken by the CCP. On July 12, 2021, and November 18, 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 2021, ESMA proposed a set of level 2 and level 3 guidance pursuant to the R R Regulation, which are being finalized and are being adopted in stages. As European authorities finalize and adopt level 2 and 3 guidance, the final R R Regulation may have a material adverse effect on our clearing business, financial condition and operating results. EU Transparency Rules On November 11, 2021, the European Council E.C. published its proposal for a review of EU market structure legislation, including proposed amendments to Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation MiFiR and Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments MiFID II ). The proposal includes, among other provisions, provision for a consolidated tape for the EU and changes to the transparency regime for equities. These proposals are expected to be implemented in late 2023 or early 2024. In addition, the European Securities and Markets Authority ESMA also published its proposal for a review of EU transparency rules. The proposal includes, among other provisions, provision for increased pre-trade transparency for periodic auctions and post-trade flagging. These proposals may be implemented by the end of 2023, although they may also be incorporated into the wider MiFiR review. As proposed, these proposals may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. See Risk Factors for more information. Compliance U.S. Securities Industry Federal securities laws have established a two-tiered system for the regulation of securities exchanges and market participants. The first tier consists of the SEC, which has primary responsibility for enforcing federal securities laws. The second tier consists of self-regulatory organizations SROs ), which are non-governmental entities that must register with and are regulated by the SEC. The Exchanges are SROs, each registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act as a national securities exchange, and are subject to oversight by the SEC. SROs are an essential component of the regulatory scheme of the Exchange Act for providing fair and orderly markets and protecting investors. To be registered as a national securities exchange, an exchange must successfully undergo an application and review process with the SEC prior to beginning operations. Among other things, the SEC must determine that the SRO has the ability to comply with the Exchange Act and to enforce compliance by its members and persons associated with its members with the provisions of the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations thereunder and the rules of the exchange. In general, an exchange SRO is responsible for operating its trading platforms consistent with its rules, and regulating its members through the adoption and enforcement of rules governing the business conduct of its members. The rules of the exchange must also assure fair representation of its members in the selection of its directors and administration of its affairs and, among other things, provide that one or more directors be representative of issuers or investors and not be associated with a member of the exchange or with a broker or dealer. Additionally, the rules of the exchange must be adequate to ensure fair dealing and to protect investors and may not impose any burden on competition not necessary or appropriate in furtherance of the purposes of the Exchange Act. As registered national securities exchanges, virtually all facets of our Exchange operations are subject to the SEC s oversight, as prescribed by the Exchange Act. The Exchange Act and the rules thereunder impose on us many regulatory and operational responsibilities, including record keeping and the day-to-day responsibilities for market operations and broker-dealer oversight. Furthermore, as SROs, the Exchanges are potentially subject to regulatory or legal action by the SEC or other interested parties. The SEC also has broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses, suspend or revoke our designation as a registered securities exchange or remove or censure any of our officers or directors who violate applicable laws or regulations. For example, in 2013, Cboe Options and C2 and, in 2015, EDGX and EDGA, entered into consent orders with the SEC, under which they were censured, ordered to cease and desist from violating certain sections of the Exchange Act, paid fines and agreed to complete certain undertakings. We have certified to the completion of these undertakings and are no longer required to certify. As part of its regulatory oversight, the SEC conducts periodic reviews and inspections of exchanges, and the Exchanges have been subject to such routine reviews and inspections. To the extent such reviews and inspections result 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 in regulatory or other changes, we may be required to modify the manner in which we conduct our business, which may adversely affect our business. We collect certain fees to cover Section 31 fees charged to the Exchanges by the SEC and certain fees derived from our regulatory function and fines in connection with our disciplinary proceedings. The Exchanges are responsible for the ultimate payment of Section 31 fees to the SEC. Additionally, under the rules of each of our exchanges, as required by the SEC, any revenue derived from the regulatory fees and fines cannot be used for non-regulatory purposes. Section 19 of the Exchange Act also provides that we must submit to the SEC proposed changes to any of the Exchanges rules, including revisions of their certificates of incorporation, bylaws, or other governing documents of the SROs or their parent companies. The SEC will typically publish the proposal for public comment, following which the SEC may approve or disapprove the proposal, as it deems appropriate. Certain categories of rule changes, like fee changes, can be effective on filing, but the SEC retains the ability to suspend or reject such filings within a prescribed period of time. Canadian Securities Industry MATCHNow and NEO are subject to comprehensive regulation and oversight by their primary provincial securities regulatory authority, the OSC. In addition, each of MATCHNow and NEO is a Marketplace Member of, and subject to a regulation services agreement with, the Canadian SRO. The regulations applicable to MATCHNow and NEO cover a wide array of areas, including, but not limited to, marketplace operations (which include corporate governance, fair access, systems compliance and integrity, and conflict management requirements), trading rules, electronic trading risk management, and financial viability. Australian Securities Industry Cboe Australia is subject to comprehensive regulation and oversight by ASIC. The regulations applicable to Cboe Australia cover a wide array of areas, including, but not limited to, marketplace operations (which include corporate governance, fair access, systems compliance and integrity, and conflict management requirements), trading rules, electronic trading risk management, and financial viability. Japanese Securities Industry Cboe Japan is subject to comprehensive regulation and oversight by the JFSA and the JSDA. The regulations applicable to Cboe Japan cover a wide array of areas, including, but not limited to, marketplace operations (which include corporate governance, fair access, systems compliance and integrity, and conflict management requirements), trading rules, electronic trading risk management, and financial viability. Futures and Swaps Industry-CFE and Cboe SEF The operations of each of CFE and Cboe SEF are subject to regulation by the CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act CEA ). The CEA generally requires that futures trading in the United States be conducted on a designated contract market and, in some cases, requires swaps trading to be conducted on a swap execution facility SEF or designated contract market DCM ). The CEA and CFTC regulations establish criteria for an exchange to be designated as a contract market on which futures and futures options contracts may be traded, and for a trading platform to be designated as a swap execution facility on which certain swaps may be traded. Designation as a contract market or swap execution facility for the trading of specified futures or swaps contracts is non-exclusive. This means that the CFTC may permit additional exchanges or trading platforms to be contract markets or swap execution facilities for trading the same or similar contracts. CFE is a designated contract market, and Cboe SEF is a swap execution facility, each of which is subject to the oversight of the CFTC and to a variety of ongoing regulatory and reporting responsibilities under the CEA. As a designated contract market, CFE is required to comply with the applicable core principles and regulations under the CEA, as is Cboe SEF as a swap execution facility. Each of CFE and Cboe SEF has surveillance and regulatory operations and procedures to monitor and enforce compliance by trading privilege holders with CFE rules, and by participants with Cboe SEF rules, as applicable. If CFE or Cboe SEF fails to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, it may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of its business, removal of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of CFE s designation as a contract market or Cboe SEF s designation as a swap execution facility. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Digital Assets Cboe Digital Exchange is a designated contract market, and Cboe Clear Digital is a derivatives clearing organization, each of which is subject to the oversight of the CFTC and to a variety of ongoing regulatory and reporting responsibilities under the CEA. As a designated contract market, Cboe Digital Exchange is required to comply with the applicable core principles and regulations under the CEA, as is Cboe Clear Digital as a derivatives clearing organization. Each of Cboe Digital Exchange and Cboe Clear Digital has surveillance and regulatory operations and procedures to monitor and enforce compliance by trading privilege holders with Cboe Digital Exchange rules, and by participants with Cboe Clear Digital rules. If Cboe Digital Exchange or Cboe Clear Digital fails to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, it may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of its business, removal of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of Cboe Digital Exchange s designation as a contract market or Cboe Clear Digital s designation as a derivatives clearing organization. Cboe Clear Digital also maintains a license to operate as a money transmitter in the states where such licenses or equivalent are required to conduct business. In addition, Cboe Clear Digital has a BitLicense from the NYDFS. As a licensed money transmitter and an entity subject to the BitLicense regulatory regime, Cboe Clear Digital is subject to, among other things, the Bank Secrecy Act, restrictions and requirements with respect to the investment of customer funds and use and safeguarding of customer funds and crypto assets, and bonding, net worth, customer notice and disclosure, reporting and recordkeeping requirements applicable to the company and control persons, and inspection and examination by state regulatory agencies. Europe Cboe Europe is located in London and is subject to regulation in the UK and to certain European regulations. The current UK regulatory system was established by the Financial Services Act 2012 FSA12 ), which amended the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. The legislation replaced the previous financial services regulator, the Financial Services Authority, with three new bodies: The Financial Policy Committee FPC ), The Prudential Regulation Authority, and the FCA. Financial conduct of markets, including activity on, and the operation of, markets is regulated by the FCA, which is an independent non-governmental body, given statutory powers by the FSA12. The FCA has three statutory objectives: to secure an appropriate degree of protection for consumers; to protect and enhance the integrity of the UK financial system; and to promote effective competition in the interests of consumers in the markets for financial services. The FCA is accountable to His Majesty s Treasury Ministers and, through them, to Parliament. Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe NL are located in Amsterdam and subject to Dutch law and regulation. The current Dutch regulatory system was established by the Act on Financial Supervision. Financial conduct of markets, including activity on, and the operation of, markets is regulated by the AFM. Financial conduct of CCPs, including clearing activity is regulated by the AFM and DNB. The AFM is an independent non-governmental body, given statutory powers by the Act on Financial Supervision. The AFM has three strategic objectives: to promote the fair and conscientious provision of financial services, to promote the fair and efficient operation of the capital markets and to contribute to the stability of the financial system. The AFM is accountable to the Minister of Finance. The DNB is the Dutch central bank, financial sector supervisor and resolution authority. The DNB is committed to a stable financial system: stable prices, solid financial institutions and properly functioning payment transfers. Much of the UK and Dutch financial services regulation originates from the EU. Such regulation includes organizational requirements, capital resources requirements and the specific requirements for RMs and MTFs and are applicable to both Cboe Europe and Cboe NL. MiFID II and MiFIR set out requirements for RMs and MTFs with respect to the establishment of transparent and non-discretionary rules and procedures governing access and for fair and orderly trading and the efficient execution of orders, as well as to facilitate the efficient settlement of transactions conducted on RMs and MTFs and monitoring compliance with the rules. EMIR governs the CCPs operating in the EU and requires them to meet common risk management, governance and capital adequacy standards. The regulatory functions required of Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives, including Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe NL, by MiFID II, MiFIR, EMIR and other relevant legislation and regulations are performed by in-house staff. Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives utilizes the same state-of-the-art, real-time surveillance system is used on the U.S. to monitor trading and market activities on BZX, BYX, EDGA, and EDGX. Cboe Clear Europe utilizes proprietary risk management software to monitor settlement and funding flows. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Global FX While the global institutional spot FX market remains largely unregulated, the enactment of the Dodd Frank Act and its related regulations in the United States and the ongoing implementation of MiFID II and MiFIR in Europe have impacted the regulatory landscape for currency derivative products. For example, certain standardized currency derivative products are required to trade on an organized trading venue such as a SEF or DCM in the United States or on an MTF or organized trading facility in Europe. Moreover, even in the largely unregulated spot FX market, this movement towards additional trading standards and norms is highlighted by the publication of the FX Global Code in 2017 by the Global Foreign Exchange Committee, reflecting principles of good conduct for the wholesale FX market, and whose publication may lead to additional oversight in the global FX market. Cboe FX issued a Statement of Commitment declaring its commitment to conduct its FX market activities in a manner consistent with the principles of the FX Global Code. Following the publication of the FX Global Code regulators are taking a new look at the spot FX market, and any decision to impose new regulations may affect our spot FX business line. Broker - Dealers Cboe Trading, BIDS Trading, and Cboe Fixed Income Markets, LLC Cboe Fixed Income are registered broker-dealers regulated by the SEC, FINRA, other SROs of which they are members and various state securities regulators. Cboe Trading currently operates as a routing broker-dealer for sending orders from the Exchanges to other venues for execution, including routing orders among the Exchanges. Cboe Trading is considered a facility of each of the Exchanges and is subject to the rules of the Exchanges. The Exchanges are responsible for enforcing Cboe Trading s compliance with their rules, including to ensure Cboe Trading is not given preferential treatment. BIDS Trading currently operates an ATS, which is designed to bring counterparties together to anonymously trade large blocks of U.S. equities. BIDS Trading is not a member of any of the U.S. national securities exchanges and is not subject to exchange rules. Cboe Fixed Income, which became an effective broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA on July 6, 2022, operates an electronic trading system for U.S. government securities targeted at the institutional inter-dealer market for trading on-the-run U.S. Treasury bonds and notes in the secondary OTC markets. Cboe Fixed Income s participants are SEC registered broker-dealers that are members of The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation s Fixed Income Clearing Corporation. Cboe Trading, BIDS Trading, and Cboe Fixed Income are subject to SEC and SRO rules, as applicable, and, as registered broker-dealers, regulations concerning all aspects of their businesses, including trading practices, order handling, best execution, anti-money laundering, handling of material non-public information, safeguarding data, reporting, capital adequacy, record retention, market access and the conduct of their officers, employees and other associated persons. The SEC, SROs and state securities commissions may conduct proceedings which can result in injunctions or other sanctions, censures, fines, the issuance of cease and desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, its officers or employees. The SEC and FINRA impose certain minimum capital requirement rules that require notification when a broker-dealer s net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, dictate the ratio of debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer, constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances and impose certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital. In addition, the ATS operated by BIDS Trading is not a registered national securities exchange or a facility thereof, as such, Cboe intends to maintain the BIDS ATS as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with the Exchanges. The Chief Executive Officer of BIDS Trading is expected to lead BIDS Trading as an independent business within Cboe, reporting into an independent committee of the board of Cboe Global Markets. Further, Cboe Trading will not route orders to BIDS Trading on behalf of the Exchanges. Cboe Global Markets Certain aspects of Cboe Global Markets are also subject to SEC, FCA and AFM oversight, including certain ownership and voting restrictions on its stockholders. The focus of the SEC s regulation of Cboe Global Markets is to assure fair representation of members in the selection of the directors of the Exchanges, public participation in the governance of the Exchanges and that the Exchanges can satisfy their regulatory responsibilities under the Exchange Act. Furthermore, the SEC requires that Cboe Global Markets give due regard to the preservation of the independence of the self-regulatory function of the Exchanges and to Cboe Global Markets obligations to investors and the general public. The SEC also requires that Cboe Global Markets not take any actions that would interfere with the effectuation of any decisions by the Board of Directors of any of the Exchanges relating to its regulatory functions or the structure of the market that it regulates or that would interfere with the ability of such Exchange to carry out its responsibilities under the 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Exchange Act. To the extent that Cboe Global Markets business activities involve or relate to the Exchanges, the officers and directors of Cboe Global Markets may be deemed to be officers and directors of the exchanges for purposes of and subject to oversight under the federal securities laws. Accordingly, the SEC may exercise direct supervision and disciplinary authority over certain Cboe Global Markets activities and those activities may be subject to SEC approval and, in some cases, public notice and comment. In addition, Cboe Global Markets indirectly holds all of the issued share capital and voting rights in Cboe Europe and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Cboe Chi-X Europe and Cboe NL. As a result, we and any person who holds, or has voting power with respect to, 10 or more of the outstanding shares of Cboe Global Markets common stock may be subject to certain regulatory requirements under UK and Dutch law. U.S. Regulatory Responsibilities Our U.S.-based exchanges are responsible for assessing the compliance of their TPHs or members, including Cboe Trading, with the respective exchange s rules and the applicable rules of the SEC and/or CFTC. The main activities that the exchanges, as applicable, are required to monitor for the purpose of compliance with these rules include: surveillance designed to detect violations of exchange trading rules; surveillance designed to detect violations of SEC and/or CFTC rules; investigation of matters involving potential rule violations; the investigation of complaints about possible rule violations brought by customers, TPHs, members or other SROs; and the examination of TPHs or members for compliance with rules such as those related to net capital, books and records, market access and other matters related to the TPHs or members exchange business functions. 
 In order to ensure market integrity, we regulate and monitor our TPHs and members trading activities by using both our employees and third parties under regulatory services agreements RSAs ). See Regulatory Agreements below. Providing effective regulation is important for attracting and retaining the confidence and participation of market-makers, broker-dealers and institutional and retail investors. We expend considerable time, financial resources and effort to ensure that the exchanges rules and regulations conform to regulatory best practices within the securities and futures exchange industries and within the regulatory regime overseen by the SEC and CFTC, our primary U.S. regulators. In order to support our efforts and those of our market participants to comply with applicable law and our exchange rules, we developed a regulatory program to monitor market activity on our exchanges. All of our Exchanges and CFE are participants in the Intermarket Surveillance Group ISG ). ISG is an international information-sharing cooperative governed by a written agreement that provides for a comprehensive surveillance sharing arrangement. In addition to the agreement for confidential information sharing, the ISG provides a framework for the coordination of regulatory efforts among exchanges trading securities, commodity futures and related products to address potential intermarket manipulations and trading abuses. As part of the regulatory program, each of our Exchanges and CFE have rules pertaining to their respective disciplinary processes. U.S. Regulatory Agreements The Exchanges and CFE have entered into agreements under which third parties have agreed to perform regulatory functions on behalf of our markets (e.g., RSAs). As discussed below, in addition, in certain other instances for our Exchanges, a third party has been allocated the regulatory responsibility under Rule 17d-1 or Rule 17d-2 under the Exchange Act, while in others, we retain the regulatory responsibility for the activities. Regulatory Services Agreement with FINRA The Exchanges have entered into agreements with FINRA under which FINRA has agreed to provide regulatory services to the Exchanges. Under these agreements, FINRA performs certain regulatory functions on behalf of the Exchanges and, to avoid any potential conflicts of interest concerning the regulation and oversight of Cboe Trading, certain regulatory services specific to Cboe Trading. The Exchanges remain responsible for the regulation of their TPHs, 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 members and marketplaces, and retain the authority for bringing disciplinary actions against their TPHs and members, although FINRA performs certain disciplinary-related functions on behalf of the Exchanges. Over the course of 2019 through 2021, certain regulatory and disciplinary-related functions that FINRA had performed on behalf of the Exchanges have been moved back in-house from FINRA. Regulatory Services Agreement with OCC While CFE also performs most regulatory and disciplinary-related functions in-house, OCC has performed and continues to perform certain regulatory functions on behalf of CFE pursuant to an RSA with CFE. Whether performed under an RSA or in-house, CFE retains overall responsibility for the regulation of its marketplace and for bringing disciplinary actions. CFE is also a party to cooperative and regulatory information sharing agreements with other SROs and is a member of the ISG, described above. Rule 17d-1 Designations and Rule 17d-2 Agreements Section 17(d) of the Exchange Act and the related Exchange Act rules permit SROs to allocate certain regulatory responsibilities to avoid duplicative oversight and regulation. Under Exchange Act Rule 17d-1, the SEC designates one SRO to be the designated examining authority DEA for each broker-dealer that is a member of more than one SRO. The DEA is responsible for the regulatory oversight of applicable financial responsibility rules pertaining to that broker-dealer. Cboe Options is the DEA for several of its TPHs. Cboe Trading s assigned DEA is FINRA. Exchange Act Rule 17d-2 permits SROs to enter into agreements, commonly called Rule 17d-2 agreements, which are approved by the SEC and concern the allocation of regulatory responsibility for rules applicable to TPHs and members that those SROs have in common. The Exchanges have entered into certain bi-lateral Rule 17d-2 agreements under which FINRA is allocated responsibility for enforcing certain federal securities laws and certain exchange rules that are common with FINRA rules. The Exchanges have entered into certain other multi-party Rule 17d-2 agreements that allocate responsibility among the participating SROs, which may include the Exchanges, for oversight of their allocated common members compliance with certain rules governing, among other items, options related sales practices, options related market surveillance, insider trading, NMS and consolidated audit trail NMS plan CAT compliance. National Market System Plans We are member participants of several NMS plans including, but not limited to, the following: Cboe Options, C2, BZX, and EDGX are member exchanges in OPRA, which is the designated securities information processor for market information that is generated through the trading of exchange-listed securities options in the United States, and it disseminates certain core trading information, such as last sale reports and quotations. Cboe Options, BZX, BYX, EDGA, and EDGX also participate in the CTA/CQ and the UTP Plans, which perform analogous services for the U.S. equities market. Securities Information Automation Corporation SIAC acts as the processor for OPRA and the CTA/QC Plans. Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC acts as the processor for the Nasdaq Unlisted Trading Privileges Plan. Also, see Regulatory Environment and Compliance Recent Developments United States Consolidated Data Plan Order , Risk Factors and Legal Proceedings for more information regarding the Consolidated Data Plan Order and the Plan. Cboe Options, C2, BZX, and EDGX are also parties to the Options Order Protection and Locked/Crossed Market Plan, which is designed to prohibit trade-throughs and avoid locked/crossed markets. Cboe Options, C2, BZX, and EDGX are also parties to the Options Listing Procedures Plan, which sets forth the procedures that the options exchanges must follow to list new options. Cboe Options, BZX, BYX, EDGA, and EDGX are also parties to the NMS plan for the selection and reservation of securities symbols. Under the Options Regulatory Surveillance Authority Plan ORSA Plan ), U.S. securities options exchanges are permitted to act jointly in the administration, operation and maintenance of a regulatory system for the surveillance, investigation and detection of the unlawful use of undisclosed, material information in trading in one or more of their markets. The ORSA Plan is intended to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency with which the exchanges regulate their respective markets and to avoid duplication of certain regulatory efforts. FINRA operates the ORSA Plan facility for options insider trading. The CAT involves the creation of a consolidated audit trail that strives to enhance regulators ability to monitor trading activity in the U.S. securities markets through a phased implementation. Data is required to be reported to a central repository the following day by each SRO (a Plan Participant and broker-dealer (an Industry Member ). On November 15, 2016, the SEC approved the CAT. The first of various phases of CAT was originally required to begin in November 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 2017; however, there were some delays. In 2017, Thesys CAT LLC Thesys ), a subsidiary of Thesys Technologies, LLC, was selected as the plan processor with the responsibility to build and operate the CAT. The first phase of CAT Phase 1 ultimately went live in November 2018, at which time we and other SROs/Plan Participants began initial reporting of order and trade file submissions to the CAT. In 2019, Thesys was replaced by a new plan processor, FINRA CAT, LLC, a subsidiary of FINRA. The second phase of CAT Phase 2 for Industry Member began with order and trade file submissions in June 2020 (Phase 2a for NMS stocks and OTC equities) and July 2020 (Phase 2b for listed options), Additional sub-phases (Phases 2c and 2d) related to order and trade file submissions were implemented by December 2021. While the final Phase 2 implementation sub-phase (Phase 2e), related to Industry Member submissions to the customer and account information submissions system CAIS is live in production, its completion is delayed and further delay is anticipated. On May 15, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to the CAT to establish financial accountability provisions to achieve full CAT implementation, including a financial accountability milestone requiring full implementation of the CAT requirements by December 30, 2022. If the SEC were to determine any financial accountability milestone was not met, it may limit the SROs /Plan Participants recovery of certain costs. Due to the delayed completion of CAIS, the SROs/Plan Participants have submitted to the SEC requests to extend the timeline for the completion of Phase 2e and the deadline for the final financial accountability milestone and additional requests may be submitted. If the SEC does not grant extensions and finds that the SROs/Plan Participants did not satisfy the related last financial accountability milestone, it could result in the SROs/Plan Participants not being able to recover certain costs associated with this final sub-phase, which amount of unrecoverable costs may increase for additional delays. While the funding of the CAT is ultimately expected to be provided by both the SROs/Plan Participants (which includes our U.S.-based securities exchanges) and Industry Members, until the CAT funding model is approved by the SEC and related fee filings associated with the funding model are effective, the funding to date has solely been provided by the SROs/Plan Participants. The funding by the SROs/Plan Participants has been done in exchange for promissory notes, a portion of which is expected to be repaid by the Consolidated Audit Trail, LLC to the SROs/Plan Participants once Industry Member fees are collected by the Consolidated Audit Trail, LLC pursuant to the CAT funding model. Until those fees are collected and remitted, the SROs/Plan Participants may continue to incur additional significant costs, or result in the uncollectibility of portions of promissory notes related to the funding of the implementation and operation of the CAT. See Note 8 Credit Losses and Note 9 Other Assets, Net for further information. The SROs/Plan Participants formed the Consolidated Audit Trail, LLC to implement CAT requirements. On December 16, 2020, the SEC issued two exemptive orders regarding the CAT December 2020 Orders ). In February 2021, Consolidated Audit Trail, LLC: (1) filed with the SEC motions to stay all or portions of the December 2020 Orders, and (2) petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit D.C. Circuit for judicial review of the December 2020 Orders asserting that the orders are unlawful. On March 3, 2021, the D.C. Circuit granted an unopposed motion to hold the litigation in abeyance. On May 10, 2022, the D.C. Circuit granted a motion to lift the abeyance. On July 8, 2022, the SEC issued an Order Granting Temporary Conditional Relief that superseded the December 2020 Orders Third Order ). On August 3, 2022, the parties filed a stipulation of voluntary dismissal of the litigation as being moot in light of the Third Order, which the D.C. Circuit granted on August 5, 2022. On September 6, 2022, Consolidated Audit Trail, LLC petitioned the D.C. Circuit for judicial review of the Third Order asserting the order was unlawful. On October 3, 2022, the D.C. Circuit granted a motion to hold the litigation in abeyance and ordered the parties to file motions to govern future proceedings by February 14, 2023. On February 14, 2023, the parties filed a joint motion for a two-week extension of the stay, which the D.C. Circuit granted on February 15, 2023. Motions to govern future proceedings are due on March 1, 2023. Intellectual Property We own or have rights to a number of intellectual property assets, including trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets and patents. While the majority of our intellectual property is protected under U.S. law, we have many intellectual property assets protected by laws in Europe, Asia and other parts of the world. We license some intellectual property assets to other entities. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights, while respecting the legitimate intellectual property rights of others. Human Capital Management Cboe has a robust human capital management program in place focused on equal opportunities including diversity, equity and inclusion DEI ), performance and career development, health and well-being, comprehensive benefits, training, talent acquisition, and succession planning. Additional information on our approach to human capital and ESG 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 issues can be found in the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Environmental, Social and Governance Report located in the Corporate Social Responsibility section of our website at https://markets.cboe.com/about/corporate-social-responsibility, which does not form a part of this Form 10-K. Equal Opportunity, Diversity, and Pay Equity Cboe believes in a culture of diversity and inclusion that promotes creativity, collaboration and innovation, which is critical to the success of our business and defining the markets of tomorrow. Cboe is an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to sex, race, color, ethnicity, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, veteran or military status, disability, marital status, domestic partnership or civil union status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, genetic status, gender identity or expression, and any other characteristic protected by law (a Protected Characteristic ). Cboe is committed to applying our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy to all employment practices that impact the terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to, hiring, evaluation, discipline, promotion, training, compensation, transfer, and termination. Actively nurturing and maintaining a diverse and inclusive culture at Cboe is a core imperative. We believe that our collective and unique perspectives fuel our capabilities, enhance our team spirit and enable us to attract and retain top talent as we define the markets of the future. Our commitment and responsibility in this regard starts at the top, with leadership and support from the full Cboe Board of Directors and executive team. One of the most compelling examples of our pledge to equality, diversity and inclusion throughout our Company is the completion of our first pay equity study in 2019. In 2020, we finalized the implementation of the findings of our inaugural study. To maintain and strengthen our efforts in this area, we also review the critical touchpoints across the employee journey with Cboe to keep a level playing field, from the talent selection, promotion, leadership development and succession planning processes and make adjustments, as necessary, to ensure opportunity parity across the Company. Our goal is to ensure that equal pay and equal opportunity for all that results in a collaborative, high performing organization bringing new innovations to market and providing superior service to our customers. We also have associate resource groups, such as the Cboe Women s Initiative, the Diversity Leadership Council, the Veterans Initiative and PRISM+ (People Respecting Individuality and Sexuality in Markets). The Cboe Women s Initiative works toward its mission: to increase representation, strengthen voices, and build a culture of opportunity and advancement for the women of Cboe . The Women s Initiative is led by an associate board and engages women throughout the Company on a variety of programs. More specifically, the Women s Initiative is comprised of three committees that target areas where its membership strives to promote change, such as networking events, building a formal mentorship program and an advocacy group aimed at gathering input on topics of importance for its membership. This outreach helps shape the planning and focus for the Initiative. Networking events include the Trailblazers events where senior women share their success stories through personal accounts of career growth and impact and speakers on Male Allyship in the workplace. In 2022, the mentorship program paired over 60 mentors with mentees across the Company . The Diversity Leadership Council focuses on unlocking the potential of a variety of perspectives, capabilities and cultural experiences. We believe in a culture of diversity and inclusion that promotes creativity, collaboration and innovation, which is critical to the success of our business and defining the markets of tomorrow. To reinforce this belief, this council is a collective voice on how Cboe strives to create a diverse workforce that reflects the world in which we operate. Further, they are charged with oversight on how we build an inclusive culture where every employee feels welcome, safe and empowered. In 2021, we also created a new DEI leadership position within our human resources organization to be accountable for helping to establish the strategy and execution of our DEI approach to attract develop and retain top diverse talent while fostering a community of belonging and inclusion. The Cboe Veterans Initiative operates based on four main pillars: recruiting, mentorship, service, and networking. The vision for the Cboe Veterans Initiative is to actively seek Veteran talent, provide mentorship to veterans within and outside of the Company, commit to giving back to the Veteran community through financial and non-monetary support, and encourage outreach to Cboe Veterans. PRISM+ is focused on celebrating the LGBTQIA+ community through education and allyship. All Cboe associates are welcome to become involved as members or allies. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 To reinforce our commitment to organization wide education and commitment to diversity and inclusion we also provide Unconscious Bias training for employees. We also have a community engagement program, Cboe Empowers, that provides mentorship, scholarship and guidance to under-resourced students throughout their educational journey through access to Cboe s associates, resources, work environment and other learning and experience opportunities. Initially launched in Chicago, the vision for Cboe Empowers is to support students through all stages of education from elementary or primary school to career by providing mentorship, learning and experience opportunities, professional development and scholarships to students within the Chicago Public School system and graduates pursuing higher education. Cboe Empowers expects to supplement its own programs by collaborating with local partners, including the Greenwood Project and Working in the Schools, to help create maximum impact for its participants. In 2022, Cboe Empowers awarded five full-ride college scholarships to Black and Latinx high school students from the South and West sides of Chicago to attend the school of their choice. Performance and Career Development Cboe expects employees to perform their duties to the best of their ability and to develop their competencies for career growth. We recognize the need to provide ongoing, timely, and constructive performance feedback. Cboe has designed a Performance Management Program that drives the professional development of our employees while also providing fair and equitable rewards and recognition. The principles of performance management include: align performance expectations with strategy and goals of the business, ongoing open dialogue regarding performance and development, foster accountability for behaviors and actions which contribute to a positive culture, and commitment to deliver results which drive our business. 
 Employee Health and Well-Being and Comprehensive Benefits Program Cboe s vision is to support the overall wellness of employees and their families through education and activities that encourage a healthy lifestyle, resulting in improved health and productivity. Our programs and benefit plans provide a corporate atmosphere of collective well-being and incorporate strategies for physical, emotional, mental and financial wellness. Our programs include enhanced employee assistance programs, wellness programs and challenges (which address both mental and physical well-being), and webinars and classes through our retirement vendor to support the financial health of our employees. With the global pandemic in 2020 and 2021, there was further focus on our Employee Assistance program, which was strengthened across the globe with a diverse set of mental health resources aimed at supporting our employees during a unique and challenging time. Employee Engagement and Pulse Surveys, Town Halls and an Open-Door Policy In 2022, Cboe conducted our fifth annual employee engagement survey and has implemented career, leadership, and culture focused programs in response to the survey findings. Our participation rate exceeds standard benchmarks and a significant majority of our employees would recommend Cboe as a great place to work. To further cement our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion, we added new, enhanced questions in this area. Our Diversity Leadership Council hosted a special focus group to review these specific results to listen to the voices of our diverse population, prioritize their feedback and ideas, and create commitments for actionable improvements. Our senior management team continues to hold the commitment to an open-door policy and encourages the free flow of information and communication in furtherance of active transparency. With the global pandemic, our ability to tap into the voice of our employees was critically important. We conducted regular pulse surveys to gauge sentiment in making critical decisions. Our CEO also issues weekly letters to help connect with our employees. Human Resources also 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 provided ongoing regular resources and tips to help support the variety of challenges from the new reality of hybrid work to childcare and elder care that our employees faced throughout 2022. Cboe also continues to create an open and frank atmosphere in which any grievance, complaint, suggestion or question receives a timely response. Cboe offers a whistleblower hotline for complaints, which can be made anonymously. Additionally, employees can raise questions and suggestions to the Cboe Human Resources team either in-person or via a group email address and are either responded to individually or addressed at our Global Town Hall meetings. The objective of these town halls is to provide employees an update on Company news, share updates from major business lines, as well as provide a forum to ask questions and offer feedback. Town halls can include updates on anything from legislation that may impact our business to ESG topics. Employees are encouraged to participate in free flow of information and communication and to offer positive and constructive feedback in furtherance of active transparency. To further reinforce our commitment to employee engagement as a result of changing work styles due to COVID-19, we completed in early 2022 a future-of-work study with a third party that helped determine Cboe s employees might be best suited to a hybrid work environment, a combination of in the office and remote work. Training and Succession Planning We believe that the development of all Cboe employees helps drive our collective success. Through skill and competency development we signal our investment in all while also enabling enhanced productivity. Through our tuition reimbursement program, our employees receive financial support in their pursuit of specialized university courses and degrees. In addition to our ongoing offering of online courses on diverse topics through our corporate university, CboeU, employees can participate in the CboeLearns hybrid program focused on virtual classroom instruction combined with work application and CboeLive, which is focused on business topics to foster organizational-wide knowledge sharing and education. Leadership is another critical element of our success at Cboe. Global Senior leaders participated in a Clifton StrengthsFinder assessment and workshop to learn about their leadership style and how to empower Cboe associates based on their natural strengths. We also have provided and plan to provide other leadership training programs that help to expand on the development of our high potential leaders, further strengthening the leadership bench and accelerating readiness of this key talent pool. Cboe has held several succession planning discussions with the Compensation Committee and Board of Directors to plan for the fulfillment of essential roles, such as the CEO and other senior officers. This process includes investments in advanced development planning for targeted successors to accelerate their readiness through key internal projects and assignments as well as tailored training. Diversity and inclusion are a formal part of Cboe s succession planning process as we work to identify and advance internal diverse talent and, in parallel, continually scan external talent pools for successors. Employees As of December 31, 2022, we employed 1,543 individuals in the following locations: 

Location Number of Employees United States 1,024 United Kingdom 164 Netherlands 108 Canada 79 Australia 63 Philippines 62 Japan 21 Hong Kong 14 Singapore 6 Switzerland 2 Of these employees, 558 were involved in technology or operations and 183 were involved in direct support of trading operations. The remaining 802 employees provide business development, financial, regulation, human resources, compliance, legal, planning and research, administrative, and managerial support. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 We have five building engineers that are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, which expires on June 30, 2023, with the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 399, AFL-CIO. Management believes that we have strong relationships with our employees, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. Information about our Executive Officers Set forth below is information regarding our executive officers: 

Name Age Position Edward T. Tilly 59 Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer David Howson 46 Executive Vice President, Global President Christopher A. Isaacson 44 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Brian N. Schell 57 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Catherine R. Clay 55 Executive Vice President, Data and Access John F. Deters 52 Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer Patrick Sexton 58 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Jill M. Griebenow 43 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Edward T. Tilly. Mr. Tilly is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tilly has served as our Chairman since February 2017 and as CEO and director since May 2013. He also served as our President from January 2019 to May 2022. Prior to becoming CEO, Mr. Tilly served as President and Chief Operating Officer from November 2011, and Executive Vice Chairman from August 2006 until November 2011. He was a member of CBOE from 1989 until 2006, and served as Member Vice Chairman from 2004 through July 2006. He holds a B.A. degree in Economics from Northwestern University. David Howson. Mr. Howson is our Executive Vice President, Global President, a position he has held since May 2022. Previously, he was our Executive Vice President, President Europe and Asia Pacific, from July 2021 to May 2022, Executive Vice President, President Europe from January 2020 to July 2021 and Chief Operating Officer of Cboe Europe from 2013 to 2019. Prior to that, he served as Founder, Chief Technology Officer of Equiduct from April 2006 through June 2013. Prior to that he held various international Financial Services consulting roles between 1998 and 2006 for TIBCO Finance Technology and Thomson Reuters. Mr. Howson holds a First Class Honours bachelor s degree from the University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Christopher A. Isaacson. Mr. Isaacson is our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, a position he has held since January 2019. Previously he was our Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, a position he was appointed to upon the Company s acquisition of Bats. Prior to that, he served as Bats Executive Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer since February 2014, he served as Bats Senior Vice President and Chief Operation Officer from 2007 to 2014 and he has held other various senior leadership positions since 2005. Prior to being one of the founders of Bats, Mr. Isaacson was a software developer at Tradebot Systems, Inc. from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Isaacson serves on the Boards of Directors of Cboe Japan and Cboe Australia, as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cboe Digital and previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of CFE and SEF and on the Board of Directors of OCC. Mr. Isaacson holds a B.S. degree in information systems with a minor in math from Nebraska Wesleyan University and an M.B.A. degree from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Brian N. Schell. Mr. Schell is our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, a position he has held since January 2018. He also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Exchanges, CFE, and SEF. Mr. Schell also served as interim Chief Human Resources Officer from January 2022 to June 2022. Previously, he was Deputy Chief Financial Officer of the Company s subsidiary Cboe Exchange, Inc., a position he was appointed to upon the Company s acquisition of Bats. Prior to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Bats since March 2011. Prior to joining Bats, he held various senior leadership positions at H R Block Inc., as well as various positions at the FDIC, KPMG and JP Morgan. Mr. Schell holds a B.B.A. degree with an emphasis in finance from the University of Notre Dame and an M.B.A. degree from The George Washington University. Catherine R. Clay. Ms. Clay is our Executive Vice President, Data and Access Solutions, a position she has held since March 2021. Previously, she was Senior Vice President, Global Head of Information Solutions of the Company s subsidiary Cboe Exchange, Inc. from February 2019 to March 2021, and she has held other various senior leadership positions since 2015, including Vice President Business Development, a position she was appointed to upon the Company s acquisition of Livevol, Inc. Prior to that, she served as Chief Executive Officer of Livevol, Inc. from 2013 to 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 2015 and as its Chief Strategy Officer from 2010 to 2013. Prior to that, she served as Founder of Thales LLC from 2006 through 2010. Ms. Clay holds a B.S. degree from University of Colorado-Boulder. John F. Deters. Mr. Deters is our Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer, a position he has held since 2018. He has previously served as our Head of Multi-Asset Solutions from 2018 to 2019 and as Chief Strategy Officer from 2013 to 2018. Prior to joining Cboe in 2013, Mr. Deters was most recently a Vice President and Investment Banker of Financial Institutions Group, Investment Banking at Barclays from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Deters holds a B.A. degree from Wheaton College, an M.B.A. degree from the University of Chicago, and a J.D./M.S. dual degree from Georgetown University Law Center. Patrick Sexton. Mr. Sexton is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, a position he has held since March 2018. Previously, he was Deputy General Counsel of the Company s subsidiary Cboe Exchange, Inc. He served in that capacity from July 2013 to March 2018 and has acted as legal, regulatory and compliance counsel with increasing responsibility and oversight since joining the Company in 1997. Mr. Sexton holds a B.A. degree from the University of Notre Dame and a J.D. degree with honors from Notre Dame Law School. Jill M. Griebenow. Ms. Griebenow is our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, a position she has held since August 2018. Previously, she served as Chief Financial Officer, Europe of the Company s subsidiary Cboe Europe, a position she was appointed to upon the Company s acquisition of Bats. She also previously served as Chief Financial Officer, Europe of Bats subsidiary Bats Europe Limited since February 2014 and was employed by Bats in the financial area since 2011. Prior to that, she held various positions at Ernst Young LLP from 2001 to 2011. Ms. Griebenow is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Northern Iowa. Corporate Social Responsibility The Company recognizes that operating in a socially responsible manner helps promote the long-term interests of our investors, associates, customers, community members, and all other stakeholders with whom we live and work. We are actively engaged with policymakers on behalf of our customers to promote fairness, innovation, trust, and confidence in our markets, and we continuously seek to further our corporate social responsibility efforts through: Industry Leadership As an industry leader, we are deeply committed to building trusted markets for participants. Diversity and Associate Engagement We strive to create a diverse workforce that reflects the world in which we operate, and to build an inclusive culture where every associate feels welcome, safe and empowered. Corporate Governance Corporate governance is embedded in the operations of our company. The Company s Board of Directors recognizes that operating in a socially responsible manner helps promote the long-term interests of our organization, stockholders, associates, industry and community. Promoting Transparency and Efficient Capital Markets We maintain a comprehensive regulatory program in support of providing trusted markets and integrity in the marketplace. Environmental Performance The financial services industry has a unique, impactful role in supporting society s transition to a net-zero economy and we recognize the need to do our part. 
 We believe being a good citizen means that we hold ourselves accountable for the integrity of the markets and to the communities we serve, seek to help resolve conflicts and build consensus, inform those impacted before taking action, lead by example and serve as part of the solution. We also seek to be good citizens to the communities we serve by being committed to being environmentally conscious. Additionally, being good citizens also means that we strive to support our associates and better serve our industry and community through our human capital development, volunteerism and policies. See Human Capital Management subsection above for more information. Additional information on our approach to ESG can be found in the 2022 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Environmental, Social and Governance Report located in the Corporate Social Responsibility section of our website at https://www.cboe.com/about/esg/ , which does not form a part of this Form 10-K . 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Available Information Our website is www.cboe.com. The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC under the Exchange Act. The Company makes available, free of charge, on its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The Company s reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, we have posted on our website the charters for our (i) Audit Committee, (ii) Compensation Committee, and (iii) Nominating and Governance Committee, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines. We will provide a copy of these documents without charge to stockholders upon written request to Investor Relations, Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607. Our website and information included in or linked to our website are not part of this Form 10-K. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we believe are material at this time relating to our business. These risks and uncertainties, however, are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also significantly impact us. Any of these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the key risks and uncertainties described below that we believe are material to us at this time: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; economic, political and market conditions; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading or clearing volumes, market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes; our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security vulnerabilities and breaches; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel, including compensation inflation; increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties; global expansion of operations; factors that impact the quality and integrity of our indices; our ability to manage our growth and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to minimize the risks, including our credit and default risks, associated with operating a European clearinghouse; our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including significant increases, without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source software code; our ability to meet our compliance obligations, including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit status; our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; damage to our reputation; the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill, long-lived assets, investments or intangible assets; the impacts of pandemics; litigation risks and other liabilities; and operating a digital asset business, and clearinghouse, including the expected benefits of our Cboe Digital acquisition, cybercrime, changes in digital asset regulation, losses due to digital asset custody, and fluctuations in digital asset prices. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business Loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. We hold exclusive licenses to list securities index options on the S P 500 Index, the Russell 2000 Index, as well as others, granted to us by the owners of such indices, and additionally hold exclusive rights to our proprietary VIX 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 methodology that provides the basis for VIX options and futures. In 2022, approximately 60.7 of our net transaction and clearing fees (defined below) were generated by futures and index options, the overwhelming majority of which were generated by our exclusively-licensed products (e.g., SPX options) and products based on our proprietary VIX methodology (e.g., VIX options and futures). The bulk of this revenue is attributable to our SPX options and VIX options and futures. As a result, our revenues less cost of revenues are dependent in large part on the exclusive licenses we hold for these products and our ability to maintain our exclusive proprietary rights in the VIX methodology and related products and indices. There is a risk, with respect to each of our current exclusive licenses, that the owner of the index may not renew the license with us on an exclusive basis or at all. In the first event, we would be subject to multiple listing in the trading of what is now an index product traded by us on an exclusive basis, which could result in a loss of market share and negatively impact our profitability. In the second event, we could lose the right to list the index product entirely. The loss or limited use of any of our exclusive index licenses, especially for the S P 500 Index, for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. In addition to the risks related to our exclusive licenses, if we are unable to retain exclusive proprietary rights in the VIX methodology and related products and indices, our volatility products could be subject to multiple listing which could have a material adverse effect on us. The EU has adopted legislation affecting providers and users of benchmark indices in the EU. MiFIR requires benchmarks used to value a financial instrument in the EU to be made available on a non-discriminatory basis to all EU trading venues and central counterparty clearinghouses for the purposes of trading and clearing. As a result, owners of such benchmarks must provide licenses on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. While similar legislation to MiFIR has not been proposed in the U.S., if it were passed, it could cause us to lose our exclusive rights to list and trade proprietary and licensed index products. Further, in 2018, the EU implemented the EU Benchmark Regulation, which regulates users, data providers and calculators of benchmarks administrators in the EU, and among other things (subsequent to the transitional period applicable to third country benchmark administrators) prohibits use of benchmarks provided by administrators outside the EU in connection with EU financial instruments unless the administrator is deemed to be subject to an EU equivalent regulatory regime or the benchmark is endorsed or recognized in the EU. These regulations and other emerging regulatory regimes around the world may impact international customers interest in or ability to trade index-based products listed on our U.S. exchanges, as well as impact our expansion into foreign trading of our index-based products and our ability to license proprietary indices for use outside of the U.S. Furthermore, our competitors may succeed in developing, offering and providing a market for the trading of index-based or volatility products that are economically similar to those that we offer and they may become successful and take away volume from our products. It is also possible that a third party may offer trading in index-based products that are the same as those that are the subject of one of our exclusive licenses, but in a jurisdiction in which the index owner cannot require a license or in a manner otherwise not limited by our exclusive license. The value of our licenses to exclusively list securities index options and futures also depends on the continued ability of index owners to require licenses for the trading of options and futures based on their indices. Although we and other index owners have prevailed in legal actions seeking to challenge our rights to exclusively license indices, we may be subject to changes in the law or other actions taken in the future that might impede our ability to exclusively offer trading in certain index options and futures. General economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could significantly reduce demand for our products and services and harm our business. The volume of trading and clearing transactions and the demand for our products and services are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere in the world that are beyond our control, including: economic, political and geopolitical market conditions; broad trends in business and finance; concerns over inflation levels and recessions; wavering institutional or retail confidence levels; government or central bank actions, such as changes in government fiscal and monetary policy and foreign currency exchange rates; other legislative and regulatory changes; 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital; the perceived attractiveness of the U.S., European, Canadian, Australian or Japanese capital markets; the availability of alternative investment opportunities; changes in the level of trading activity in underlying instruments; changes and volatility in the prices of securities; changes in the volume of foreign currency transactions; changes in supply and demand for currencies; movements in currency exchange rates; the level and volatility of interest rates; changes in the financial strength of market participants; consolidation among market participants and market data subscribers; unforeseen market closures, suspensions of open outcry trading or other disruptions in trading and clearing; and disruptions due to terrorism, war, extreme weather events, pandemics or other catastrophes. 
 Any of these factors, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results by causing a substantial decline in the financial services markets and reducing trading and clearing volumes and demand for market data. Our business may be adversely affected by price competition. The securities industry is characterized by intense price competition, especially with respect to transaction fees. We may be required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by new or existing competitors, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. We also compete with respect to the pricing of market data and value-added market data, such as historical market data. In our options segment, the pricing model for trade execution has changed in response to competitive market conditions, and our competitors have adjusted transaction fees and fee structures accordingly, including by opening new exchanges, which allow them to offer multiple pricing models that can appeal to different segments of market participants. These changes have resulted in significant pricing pressures on us, especially on transaction fees and incentives for multi-listed products. As a result of these pricing pressures, our average rate per multi-listed options contract may decrease. It is likely that this pressure will continue and even intensify as our competitors continue to seek to increase their share of trading by further reducing their transaction fees or by offering other financial incentives to order providers and liquidity providers to induce them to direct orders to their markets. In addition, one or more competitors may engage in aggressive pricing strategies and significantly decrease or completely eliminate their profit margin for a period of time in order to capture a greater share of trading volume. Some order-providing firms on our exchanges have taken ownership positions in options exchanges that compete with us and such exchanges have given those firms added economic incentives to direct orders to them. With respect to our proprietary products, we compete with futures exchanges and swap execution facilities that offer similar products and other financial market participants that offer over-the-counter derivatives. We also compete against certain multi-listed options products, such as SPY, which offer some of the features of our proprietary products, such as SPX. To attract market share, we may offer inverted pricing specials or no-transaction fee trading from time to time, per various fee schedules across our equities exchanges. These forms of promotions, along with other supplemental liquidity programs, may adversely affect our profitability. Further, regulatory and legal developments, including the new equity market structure proposals, could also impact our ability to adjust pricing to respond to actions by new or existing competitors or may adversely impact the amount of liquidity providers can provide. In the U.S., we are generally required to file with the SEC any changes to the fees that we charge and in recent years the SEC has more heavily scrutinized pricing changes. If we are unable to compete successfully with respect to the pricing of our services and products, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. We could lose a substantial percentage of our share of trading if we are unable to price transactions in a competitive manner. Also, our profits could decline if competitive pressures or regulatory changes force us to reduce fees. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 A significant portion of our operating revenues is generated by our transaction and clearing-based business. If the amount of trading volume on our markets or clearing volume decreases, or the product mix shifts to lower revenue products, our revenues from transaction and clearing fees will most likely decrease. In 2022, approximately 68.1 of our revenues less cost of revenues were generated by our transaction and clearing-based business. This business is dependent on our ability to attract and maintain order flow, both in absolute terms and relative to other market centers. If the amount of trading volume on our Exchanges, Cboe Digital Exchange, CFE, BIDS Trading, NEO, and MATCHNow, notional value traded on Cboe FX, Cboe SEF, Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives, Cboe Australia, and Cboe Japan or clearing volumes at Cboe Clear Europe or Cboe Clear Digital decrease, we are likely to see a decrease in fees. Our total trading or clearing volumes could decline if our market participants reduce their trading or clearing activity for any reason, such as: heightened capital requirements; transaction tax; regulatory or legislative actions; reduced need to trade due to changes in volatility and/or passive investment trends; reduced access to capital required to fund trading activities; consolidation among market participants; suspensions of open outcry trading; or significant market disruptions. 
 Over the past few years, a number of legislative actions have been taken, both domestically and internationally, that may cause market participants to be subject to increased capital requirements and additional compliance burdens. These actions, including MiFID II, MiFIR, and the new equity market structure proposals, may incentivize trading away from our markets or cause market participants to reduce trading activity on or routing to our markets. In addition, the transaction fees generated are different based on type of product and other factors, including the type of customer and certain volume discounts. If the amount of our trading volume decreases or the mix traded shifts to our lower revenue per contract products, our revenues from transaction fees will most likely decrease. We can offer no assurance that we would be able to reduce our costs to match the amount of any such decrease. Revenues from our market data fees and access and capacity fees may be reduced due to declines in our market share, trading volumes or regulatory changes. The occurrence of any event that reduces the amount of market data fees that we receive, whether as a result of fee reductions, fewer members subscribing to the U.S. tape plans or other market data offerings, declines in market share, trading volumes, or notional volumes, or regulatory changes may have a direct negative impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results. For example, if our market share of U.S. listed equities and options or Cboe s European equities trading volume were to decline, our share of market data fees could also decline. Moreover, market data fees could decline as a result of a reduction in the number of market data users, for example because of consolidation among market data subscribers or due to a decline in professional subscriptions as a result of staff reductions in the financial services industry or otherwise. Regulatory and legal developments could also impact the fees we receive from market data and access and capacity, or our cost in providing such services. In the U.S., we are generally required to file with the SEC any changes to the fees that we charge for our securities market data products and access and capacity fees. In recent years, certain industry groups have objected to the ability of exchanges to charge for certain market data products. In addition, the SEC and some media have scrutinized market data and market access. As discussed above, the implementation of MDIR or the new equity market structure proposals could cause Cboe s equities exchanges, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, to require additional resources to comply with the new rules, and may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results, including if, for example, there are lower SIP plan revenues or we must reduce the fees or access fee caps we charge. In addition, as discussed above, the SEC approved a Consolidated Data Plan to replace the three equity data plans that govern the dissemination of real-time, consolidated market data for NMS stocks. While the Consolidated Data Plan order must be resubmitted by SEC, the plan may have a negative impact on the applicable market data revenues that we receive that are generated from such new plan. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 We believe Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives currently offers market data to customers on a non-discriminatory basis at a reasonable cost. As European regulators determine how market data should be disaggregated and what is a reasonable commercial basis for providing market data, it could affect our ability to offer market data products in the same manner that we do today thereby causing an adverse effect on our European market data revenues. While MiFID II and MiFIR aim to encourage a commercial solution to a consolidated tape in Europe, should this fail to materialize, policy makers might be encouraged to implement a mandatory solution that could impact our ability to develop our own commercial offering. As discussed above, the E.C. published provisions for a consolidated tape for the EU, which is expected to be implemented in late 2023 or early 2024. As proposed, these provisions may have a material impact on our business, financial condition and operating results if, for example, we must reduce the fees we charge for market data. The technology upon which we rely, including that of our service providers, may be vulnerable to security vulnerabililities or breaches that could harm our business and our role in the global marketplace puts us at heightened risk relative to other public companies. The secure and reliable operation of our technology, including our computer systems and communications networks, and those of our service providers, market participants and other third-parties, is a critical element of our operations. These systems and networks may be subject to various cybersecurity incidents, improper or inadvertent access to or disclosure of confidential, commercially sensitive, or personally identifiable information, data theft, corruption or destruction, cyber-attack, ransomware, supply chain attack, denial of service attack, malware and other security problems, as well as acts of terrorism, attacks by threat actors including criminal groups, political activist groups and nation-state actors, attacks in connection with geopolitical activity such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, natural disasters, human error, criminal insider activity, employee error, power loss, service provider, market participant or third-party disruptions or security breaches and other events that are beyond our control. Our increased adoption of remote working, usage of mobile and cloud-based technologies and amount of newly acquired companies and related integrations may increase our risk for a cybersecurity incident. Moreover, given our position in the global financial services industry and as critical infrastructure, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events. While we have experienced in the past, and we expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity threats and events of varying degrees, we are not aware of any of these threats or events having a material impact on our business, financial condition or operating results to date, however we cannot assure you that we will not experience future threats or events that may be material. We currently maintain policies, procedures and controls designed to reasonably protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability and reliability of our systems, networks and information more broadly, and to guard against cybersecurity incidents and unauthorized access. These policies, procedures and controls are subject to periodic monitoring, auditing, and evaluation practices, pursuant to our enterprise risk management program, which is supported by a three lines of defense approach, and our other governance practices. Further, we developed and maintain cybersecurity and data privacy training programs for our employees and our third-party consultants who have access to our systems, which include simulations, tabletop exercises, and response readiness tests. Independent third-party cybersecurity penetration assessments are also routinely performed. Collectively, these safeguards and measures or those of our third-party providers, including any cloud technologies, may prove inadequate to prevent the attendant risk posed by cybersecurity incidents, subjecting us to contractual restrictions, liability and damages, loss of business, penalties, unfavorable publicity, and increased scrutiny by our regulators, and materially impacting our business, financial condition and operating results. We may be required to expend significant resources in the event of any real or threatened breaches in security or system failures, including to protect against threatened breaches, to alleviate harm caused by an actual breach, and to address any reputational harm or litigation or regulatory liability. Despite our cybersecurity measures, it is possible for security vulnerabilities or breaches to remain undetected for an extended period of time. Such harms also could cause us to lose market participants, experience lower trading volume, and negatively impact our competitive advantage and business, financial condition and operating results. Additionally, as threats continue to evolve and increase, and as the domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, we may be required to devote significant additional resources to modify and enhance our security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If we fail to attract or retain highly skilled management and other employees our business may be harmed. Our success largely depends on the skills, experience and continued efforts of management and other key personnel. As a result, to be successful, we must retain and motivate executives and other key employees. However, we have no assurances that these employees will remain with us. The roles and responsibilities of departing executive 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 officers and employees will need to be filled either by existing or new officers and employees, which may require us to devote time and resources to identifying, hiring and integrating replacements for the departed executives and employees that could otherwise be used to pursue business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition and operating results. There is substantial competition for qualified and capable personnel, particularly in the technology space, which may make it difficult for us to retain and recruit qualified employees in sufficient numbers. This competition has continued due to employee resignations, tighter supply of available labor, compensation inflation, as well as the growth of new asset classes such as the digital asset space. We have faced increased challenges in retaining and attracting qualified employees. If we fail to retain our current employees, it would be difficult and costly to identify, recruit and train replacements needed to continue to conduct and expand our business. In particular, failure to retain and attract qualified technology personnel could result in systems failures. Consequently, our reputation may be harmed, we may incur additional costs and our profitability could decline. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and motivate our employees in the same manner as we have historically done. Additionally, effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving our management team and key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. Intense competition could materially adversely affect our market share and financial performance. The market for trade execution services, clearing and products is intensely competitive in the asset classes and geographies in which we operate. Increased competition may result in a decline in our share of trading activity and a decline in our revenues from transaction and clearing fees and market data fees, thereby materially adversely affecting our operating results. We compete with a number of entities on several different fronts, including the cost, quality and speed of our trade execution, functionality and ease of use of our trading and clearing platforms, range of our products and services, our technological innovation and adaptation and our reputation. In particular, we have seen increased competition from off-exchange venues, which have increased their share of trading activity. See Business Competition for more information. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial, marketing, technological, personnel and other resources than we do. These factors may enable them to develop similar or more innovative products, to offer lower transaction and clearing fees or better execution to their customers or to execute their business strategies more quickly or efficiently than we can. In addition, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected if we cannot successfully develop, introduce and/or market new services and products or if we need to adopt costly and customized technology for our services and products. Furthermore, new or existing competitors may: respond more quickly to competitive pressures; develop products that compete with our products or are preferred by our customers; offer products and services at prices below ours to gain market share and to promote other businesses; develop and expand their technology and service offerings more efficiently; provide better, more user-friendly and more reliable technology; take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities; market, promote, bundle and sell their products and services more effectively; leverage existing relationships with customers and alliance partners more effectively or exploit brand names to market and sell their services; and exploit regulatory disparities between traditional, regulated exchanges and alternative markets, including over-the-counter markets, that benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost business model. 
 If our products, markets, services and technology are not competitive or we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology, customer preferences and regulatory requirements or we encounter any significant delays in product development efforts our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on third-party service providers for certain services that are important to our business. An interruption, significant increase in fees or cessation or impairment of such service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We depend on a number of service providers, including clearing organizations such as OCC, NSCC, DTC, CDS, LCH, Cboe Clear Europe, and Cboe Clear Digital, our wholly-owned subsidiaries, JSCC, ASX Clear Pty Ltd, and SIX x-clear; securities information processors such as the CTA, UTP Securities Information Processor and OPRA; regulatory and other service providers such as FINRA and OCC; the hosts of our data and disaster recovery centers; and various vendors of communications and networking products and services. In addition, we also depend on third party routing and clearing firms that are involved in processing transactions on our behalf. More specifically: If OCC, NSCC, DTC, CDS, LCH, Cboe Clear Europe, Cboe Clear Digital, JSCC, ASX Clear Pty Ltd, and SIX x-clear were unable to perform clearing services for existing or new products, or their clearing members were unable or unwilling to clear through them, transactions could likely not occur on our markets or there may be delays, including until clearing is moved to another clearing agency. In 2022, approximately 60.7 of our net transaction and clearing fees were generated by options and futures that were cleared through OCC. OPRA, UTP Securities Information Processor and the CTA consolidate options and equities market information, respectively, such as last sale reports and quotations. If any of them were unable to provide this information for a sustained period of time, we may be unable to offer trading on our options and equities markets. We are heavily dependent on technology for our markets, including third-party operation of production and disaster recovery data centers, as well as certain communications and networking products and services. If this technology is unavailable, as a result of a number of potential causes, including technical failure, natural disasters, extreme weather events, fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent, and cannot be replaced in a sufficiently short time period, we may be unable to operate our markets. We utilize a third-party cloud service provider to maintain secondary offsite backups of our and our customers data and to distribute real-time data, and we may utilize third-party cloud service providers in the future for additional services. We do not control the operations of third-party cloud service providers or their facilities and may be vulnerable to disruptions in our access to the platform as a result of a number of potential causes, including technical failure, natural disasters, extreme weather events, fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. Additionally, any vulnerability of third-party cloud service providers could expose our or our customers confidential data, which could result in harm to our business reputation. FINRA and OCC provide certain regulatory services and functions for our options, equities and futures exchanges, while we retain regulatory responsibilities for such services. If FINRA or OCC stopped providing services, or provided inadequate services, we may be subject to action by the SEC or CFTC, or may have limitations placed upon our markets. We rely on FINRA CAT LLC, a subsidiary of FINRA, to provide services for the implementation of the CAT. If FINRA CAT LLC or its third-party service providers stop providing services or provide inadequate services, we and the other SROs may not be able to recover costs related to the implementation of CAT, incur penalties for delays of implementation, incur related litigation and other expenses, or incur regulatory liability including enforcement action by the SEC or limitations placed upon our markets. In addition, until the SEC approves a funding model that shares the cost of the CAT between the SROs and industry members, the SROs may continue to incur additional significant costs, or result in not being able to collect on the promissory notes related to the funding of the implementation and operation of the CAT. See Note 8 Credit Losses and Note 9 Other Assets, Net for further information. We rely on third party routing and clearing firms to clear trades in U.S. listed equity securities routed by us to other markets, and to execute trades in options that we route to other markets. 
 With respect to options, all contracts traded on our exchanges must be cleared through clearing members of OCC. At December 31, 2022, there were 118 TPHs that are clearing members of OCC. Two clearing members accounted for approximately 61.3 of transaction and other fees collected through OCC in 2022. The next largest clearing member accounted for approximately 18.2 of transaction and other fees collected through OCC. Additionally, the three largest clearing members clear the majority of the market-maker sides of transactions at Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX and at all of the options exchanges. Should one of these clearing members or liquidity providers exit the business or withdraw from our options exchanges, impose additional market-maker financial requirements or if market-makers were unable to transfer to another clearing member or other liquidity providers were unable to provide additional liquidity, this could create a significant disruption to the options markets, including ours. We cannot provide assurance that any of these providers will be able to continue to provide these services in an efficient manner or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. An interruption or 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 malfunction in or the cessation or impairment of an important service by a third party or disruption of a third party s operations could cause us to halt trading in some or all of our products or our services, make us unable to conduct other aspects of our business, cause us to experience the loss of a significant number of market participants or cause us to experience a significant reduction in trading activity on our options and futures markets, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, our inability to make alternative arrangements, such as moving clearing to another clearing agency, in a timely manner, or at all, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. If an index provider from which we have a license or a service provider with respect to proprietary products fails to maintain the quality and integrity of their indices or fails to perform under our agreements with them, if we fail to maintain the quality and integrity of our proprietary indices or indices and other values that we calculate as an index provider, or if customer preferences change, the revenues that are generated from the trading of proprietary products or the calculation and dissemination of index values may suffer. We are a party to a number of license agreements that permit us to list tradeable products related to various indices that are among the most actively traded products on our exchanges. We also enter into agreements pursuant to which we act as an index provider and calculate and disseminate proprietary indices and other values. We believe that demand for our products is based in part on market perception of the quality and integrity of these indices. The quality and integrity of these indices are dependent on the ability of index providers, including us, to maintain the index. Maintenance includes ongoing index calculation, index rebalancing and dependance on index providers for a number of things, including the provision of index data. We also rely on index providers to enforce intellectual property rights against unlicensed uses of the indices and uses of the indices that infringe on our licenses. Some of our agreements concerning our proprietary products obligate the parties to those agreements to provide important services to us. If any of our index providers, including us, are unable to maintain the quality and integrity of indices, or if any of the index providers or service providers, including us, fail to perform their obligations under the agreements, trading in these products, and therefore transaction fees we receive, may be materially adversely affected or we may not receive the financial benefits of the agreements that we negotiated. Differences in the calculations from methodologies described in published materials or incorrect calculations of spot VIX Index values or our other spot volatility indices, including those instances that we announced on July 30, 2021, or the failure to implement any planned remedial changes may result in the loss of perceived quality and integrity of our indices, loss of demand for our products, increased potential for investigations and enforcement proceedings, increased potential for failure to perform our obligations under agreements concerning our products or in our capacity as an index provider, and increased exposure to third party claims and related litigation expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We selectively explore acquisition opportunities and strategic alliances relating to other businesses, products or technologies. We may not be successful in integrating other businesses, products or technologies with our business. Any such transaction also may not produce the results we anticipate, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We selectively explore and pursue acquisition and other opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our Company. We may enter into business combination transactions, make acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures or alliances, any of which may be material. The market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is highly competitive, which could make it more difficult to find appropriate merger or acquisition opportunities. If we are required to raise capital by incurring debt or issuing additional equity for any reason in connection with a strategic acquisition or investment, financing may not be available or the terms of such financing may not be favorable to us and our stockholders, whose interests may be diluted by the issuance of additional stock. For example, in 2022 we completed our acquisitions of Cboe Digital, an operator of a U.S. based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange and a regulated clearinghouse, and NEO, a recognized Canadian securities exchange. In 2021 we purchased Cboe Asia Pacific, a holding company of alternative market operators in Australia and Japan, and in 2020, we purchased Hanweck and the assets of FT Options, which are providers of risk analytics market data, the assets of Trade Alert, a real-time alerts and order flow analysis service provider, Cboe Clear Europe, an operator of a European clearinghouse, and MATCHNow, an operator of an equities ATS in Canada. At the end of 2020, we also purchased BIDS Trading, a registered broker-dealer and operator of the BIDS ATS in the U.S., which is not a registered national securities exchange or a facility thereof. Cboe maintains the BIDS ATS as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with the Exchanges. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 The process of integration, including in new geographies and asset classes with new regulatory regimes, may expose us to a number of unforeseen risks and operating difficulties, including risks relating to information technology migrations, integrations and security, regulatory issues, and other issues, and may divert the attention of management from the ongoing operation of our business and harm our reputation. We may not successfully achieve the integration objectives, and we may not realize the anticipated cost savings, revenue growth and synergies in full or at all, or it may take longer to realize them than expected, any of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. Further, the success of acquisitions, integrations, and future operations may also depend in part on our ability to retain following acquisitions key employees of acquired companies or find suitable candidates to replace such key employees who leave. If we are unable to retain such key employees, including management, we could face disruptions in our operations, integrations, loss of customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment costs. For additional risks related to our Cboe Digital acquisition, see the Risk Factors Section entitled Risks Relating to Our Business Following Consummation of Cboe Digital Acquisition below. Our global operations are complex and subject us to increased business and economic risks that could adversely affect our financial results. In addition to our operations in the U.S., we have operations in the UK, continental Europe, Canada, Hong Kong, Australia, Japan, Philippines, and Singapore. In connection with our expanded global operations, we face certain risks inherent in doing business globally. These risks include: fluctuations in currency exchange rates; complying with extensive and complex compliance requirements, regulations and oversight by regulators other than our primary functional regulators; difficulties in staffing and associated costs in managing multiple international locations; general economic, social, and political conditions; protectionist laws and business practices that favor local businesses in some countries; reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; different technology platforms; language and cultural differences; potentially adverse tax consequence; and natural disasters and extreme weather events that may impact global operations differently. If we are unable to manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, or if the risks above become substantial for us, our financial performance and operating results could suffer. Further, any measures we may implement to reduce risks of our global operations may not be effective, may increase our expenses and may require significant management time and effort. More specifically, we have exposure to exchange rate movements between the British pound, the Euro, the Canadian dollar, the Hong Kong dollar, the Australian dollar, the Japanese Yen, the Philippine Peso, and the Singapore dollar against the U.S. dollar. Significant inflation or changes in foreign exchange rates with respect to one or more of these currencies could occur as a result of general economic or political conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, or changes in local interest rates. These exchange rate differences would affect the translation of our non-U.S. results of operations and financial condition into U.S. dollars as part of our consolidated financial statements. See Note 16 Segment Reporting for additional information about the Company s geographic exposure. We and our licensors may not be able to protect our respective intellectual property rights. We rely on patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, the law of the doctrine of misappropriation and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology, proprietary products, index methodologies and other proprietary rights. In addition, we rely on the intellectual property rights of our licensors in connection with our listing of exclusively-licensed index options and futures products. We and our licensors may not be able to prevent third parties from copying, or otherwise obtaining and using, our intellectual property without authorization, listing our proprietary or exclusively-licensed index products without licenses or otherwise infringing on our rights. We and our licensors may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. We and our licensors may not be successful in this regard. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs to us, diversion of our resources or a reduction in our revenues, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Our clearinghouse operations expose us to associated risks, including credit, liquidity, market and other risks related to the defaults of clearing participants and other counterparties. We are subject to risks related to operating our clearinghouse, Cboe Clear Europe, including the risks of failing to meet strict business continuity requirements and regulatory oversight, risks of default by clearing participants and counterparties, due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, and the risks associated with the adequacy of participants margin and default funds. These risks could subject our business to substantial losses, reputational harm, regulatory consequences, including litigation, fines and enforcement actions, and the inability to operate our business, including the continued development of the European derivatives buildout. See below for additional risks related to our digital asset clearinghouse, Cboe Clear Digital. To mitigate the credit risks related to defaults of clearing participants and other counterparties, including the market risk that we would only be able to close out a defaulting participant s positions at a loss, there are minimum participation criteria to become a clearing participant and clearing participants are required to provide collateral to cover the margin requirement and default fund contributions. No guarantee can be given that the collateral provided will at all times be sufficient or provide absolute assurance against us experiencing financial losses from defaults by the participants or counterparties on their obligations. In addition, although such collateral is preferably held in European central banks, Cboe Clear Europe also holds collateral in central securities depositories and commercial banks, which can expose us to risk of default by those institutions. In addition, Cboe Clear Europe entered into a 1.25 billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility that is available to be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through Cboe Clear Europe s clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement of Cboe Clear Europe incurred in the operation of its clearing system, however we can give no assurance that this facility will be sufficient to meet all such obligations or sufficiently mitigate Cboe Clear Europe s liquidity risk to meet its payment obligations when due. Substantial amounts of the collateral, and any amounts drawn under this facility, may be at risk if a clearing participant defaults on its obligations to our clearinghouse and its margin and default fund deposits are insufficient to meet its obligations. This facility is expected to terminate on June 29, 2023 and we may not be able to enter into a replacement facility on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We cannot assure you that the mitigating measures, policies, safeguards and risk management procedures will be sufficient to detect problems or to protect us from a default or that we will not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a significant default. Computer and communications systems failures and capacity constraints could harm our reputation and our business. Our business depends on the integrity and performance of our computer and communications systems. If our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, as a result of a number of potential causes, including technical failure, natural disasters, extreme weather events, flooding, fraud or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent, and cannot be replaced in a sufficiently short time period, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new products and services. These consequences could result in trading outages, lower trading and clearing volumes, financial losses, decreased customer service and satisfaction and regulatory sanctions and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. Although we have a back-up plan with respect to our significant trading and key corporate systems, the back-up systems or disaster recovery plans may prove to be inadequate in the event of a systems failure or cyber-security breach. Despite having disaster recovery facilities, there can be no guarantees that we will be able to open an efficient, transparent and liquid marketplace, if we can open at all, following a systems failure. Moreover, with extended trading hours, we have to operate our systems longer and have fewer non-trading hours to address any potential concerns with the systems on which we rely. Our markets and clearinghouses have experienced occasional systems failures and delays in the past and in the future our systems may fail, in whole or in part, or may operate slowly, causing one or more of the following: unanticipated disruption in service to our participants; failures or delays during peak trading times or times of unusual market volatility; slower response times and delays in trade execution, clearing and processing; incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording, clearing or processing of trades; and distribution of inaccurate or untimely market data to participants who rely on this data in their trading activity. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 Any of these events may cause: a loss in transaction, clearing or other fees due to the inability to provide services for a time; requests by market participants or others that we reimburse them for financial loss, either within the constraints of the limited liability provisions of our exchanges rules or in excess of those amounts; trading and clearing volumes to diminish on our markets and clearinghouse due to dissatisfaction with the platforms; and one or more of our regulators to investigate or take enforcement action against us. 
 As a consequence of any of these events, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially. In addition to other measures, we test our systems to confirm whether they will be able to handle anticipated present and future peak trading and clearing activity or times of unusual market volatility. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading or clearing volume will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading or clearing volume without failure or degradation of performance. We anticipate that we will need to continue to make significant investments in hardware, software and telecommunications infrastructure to accommodate the increases in traffic, technology migrations, and system updates. Additionally, disruptions to the supply chain may interfere with the ability of our employees, vendors, technology equipment suppliers, data and disaster recovery centers, and other service providers to provide the requested hardware, software, and telecommunications infrastructure. If we cannot migrate, update, or increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate increased trading or clearing activity and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be materially adversely affected. Our use of open source software code may subject our software to general release or require us to re - engineer our software, which could harm our business. Our technology platform uses open source software code. Companies that incorporate open source software into their products have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. In addition, some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code in their software and make any derivative works of the open source code available on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Open source license terms may be ambiguous, and many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated. We believe that our use of open source software is in compliance with the relevant open source software licenses and does not require disclosure of any of our source code. However, if we were found to have inappropriately used open source software, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, re-engineer or discontinue use of our software or take other remedial action any or all of which could cause disruptions in, or impose significant costs on, our business. Damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We believe one of our competitive strengths is our strong industry reputation. Various issues may give rise to reputational risk, including issues relating to: the representation of our business in the media; the quality and benefits of using our proprietary products, including the reliability, integrity and functionality of our transaction-based business and index calculations and the accuracy of our market data; the ability to execute our business plan, key initiatives or new business ventures and the ability to keep up with changing customer demands and regulatory initiatives; our regulatory compliance and our enforcement of compliance on our customers; the accuracy of our customer billing, financial statements, and other financial and statistical information; the quality of our corporate governance structure; the quality of our disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting, including any failures in supervision; the integrity and performance of our computer and communications systems; the ability to successfully complete technology migrations; 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 the failure to successfully expand into new asset classes, such as the digital asset space or U.S. Treasuries, or new geographies; security breaches, including any unauthorized delivery of proprietary data to third parties; management of our outsourcing relationships, including our relationship with FINRA and NFA; any misconduct or fraudulent activity by our employees, especially senior management, or other persons formerly or currently associated with us; our listings business and our enforcement of our listing rules; and any negative publicity surrounding the ETPs that we serve as the listing destination. 
 Damage to our reputation could cause a reduction in the trading volume of our proprietary products or on our markets or cause us to lose customers. This, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Financial or other problems experienced by third parties could have an adverse effect on our business. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, clearing agents and counterparties. For example, we are exposed to credit risk for transaction fees we bill to customers on a monthly basis in arrears. Our customers and other third parties may default on their obligations to us due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons. For additional credit risks related to our clearinghouse operations, see the Risk Factor Our clearinghouse operations expose us to associated risks, including credit, liquidity, market and other risks related to the defaults of clearing participants and other counterparties. In addition, with respect to orders Cboe Trading routes to other markets for execution on behalf of our customers, Cboe Trading is exposed to counterparty credit risk in the case of failure to perform on the part of our routing and clearing firms that are involved in processing equities and options transactions on our behalf, as well as failure on the part of such brokers to pass back any transactional rebates. Wedbush and Morgan Stanley guarantee equity trades until one day after the trade date, after which time NSCC provides a guarantee. Thus, Cboe Trading is potentially exposed to credit risk to the counterparty to an equity trade routed to another market center between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event that Wedbush or Morgan Stanley fails to perform. Additionally, BIDS Trading has counterparty credit risk exposure to BOA related to clearing until the day following the trade date, after which time NSCC provides a guarantee. With respect to U.S. listed equity options and futures, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the OCC, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and CFE and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched options and futures trades. With respect to Canadian equities, we deliver reports of matched trades of our customers to CDS, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on MATCHNow and NEO and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched Canadian equities trades. With respect to Australian equities and derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to ASX Clear Pty Ltd and ASX Settlement Pty Ltd. ASX Clear Pty Ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Australia and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Australia. With respect to Japanese equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the JSCC, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Japan and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Japan. With respect to routed U.S. equity transactions, Cboe Trading has counterparty credit risk exposure to Wedbush and Morgan Stanley related to clearing until the day following the trade date. Cboe Trading uses Wedbush to clear trades routed through affiliates of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC as well as for trades routed directly to other exchanges and optionally dark pools. Morgan Stanley clears trades routed through the Morgan Stanley routing brokers and also clears executions routed to most dark pools. Cboe Trading maintains counterparty credit risk exposure from routing brokers with respect to rebates earned until completion of the routing brokers next invoice cycle following the execution. With respect to U.S. listed equity and exchange traded product options, Cboe Trading is subject to counterparty credit risk exposure with respect to rebates earned from routing brokers until completion of the routing brokers next invoice cycle following the execution. Our exposure to credit risk may be further impacted by volatile securities markets that may affect the ability of our customers, counterparties and other third parties to satisfy their obligations to us. Moreover, we may not be successful in managing our credit risk through mitigating measures, policies, safeguards and risk management procedures, reporting and control procedures or by maintaining credit standards. Any losses arising from such defaults or other credit losses could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 While neither Cboe FX nor Cboe SEF has direct counterparty risk, Cboe FX or Cboe SEF may suffer a decrease in transaction volume if a bank or prime broker experiences an event that causes other prime brokers to decrease or revoke the credit available to the prime broker experiencing the event. Therefore, Cboe FX and Cboe SEF may have risk that is related to the credit of the banks and prime brokers that trade spot FX on the Cboe FX platform, or NDFs on Cboe SEF. We may be required to assume ownership of a position in securities in connection with our order routing service, which could subject us to trading losses when our broker-dealer disposes of that position. We offer a smart-order routing service through our broker-dealer subsidiary, Cboe Trading, which provides its customers with access to other market centers when we route their orders to those market centers for execution. In connection with this service, we may assume ownership of a position in securities. This may occur, for example, when a market center to which we have routed a customer s order experiences systemic issues and is unable to determine the status of that order. When this happens, we may make a business decision to provide a cancellation notice to our customer, relieving our customer of any liability with respect to the order. We may be informed later, however, that the order was executed at the market center to which we routed it, in which case Cboe Trading would be required to take ownership of that securities position. Our third party clearing brokers maintain error accounts on behalf of Cboe Trading into which such positions settle, and we require the respective clearing broker to trade out of those positions as expeditiously as possible, which could result in our incurring trading losses. We may not effectively manage our growth, which could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results. We expect that our business will continue to grow, which may place a significant strain on our management, personnel, systems and resources. We must continually improve our operational, billing, financial and regulatory systems and managerial controls and procedures, and may need to continue to expand, train and manage our workforce. We must also maintain close coordination among our technology, legal, accounting, finance, marketing, sales, regulatory and compliance functions. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed. Furthermore, failure to successfully expand into new asset classes, such as the digital asset space or U.S. Treasuries, or new geographies may materially adversely affect our growth strategy and our future profitability. Our continued growth will require increased investment by us in technology, facilities, personnel, and financial and management systems and controls. It also will require expansion of our procedures for monitoring and assuring our compliance with applicable regulations, and we will need to integrate, train and manage a growing employee base. The expansion of our existing businesses, any expansion into new businesses and the resulting growth of our employee base will increase our need for internal audit and monitoring processes, which may be more extensive and broader in scope than those we have historically required. We may not be successful in identifying or implementing all of the processes that are necessary. Further, unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionally greater than or equal to the increase in our costs associated with this growth, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. A pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and its effects may have significant impacts on economies around the world. Impacts of a pandemic could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows . A pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may have significant impacts on economies around the world. Governments, public institutions, and other organizations around the world may take or reimpose previous, emergency measures to combat a potential pandemic, including vaccination requirements, implementation of travel bans, stay-at-home orders, border closures, and closures of offices, factories, schools, public buildings and businesses. These measures may disrupt the supply chain and may interfere with the ability of our employees, vendors, technology equipment suppliers, data and disaster recovery centers, and other service providers to perform their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business. In addition to uncertain expenses and impacts to our business we may incur due to a pandemic as part of us providing a safe and healthy work and trading environment, employees working remotely from different locations and in connection with our return to our offices, we may also be subject to claims from employees or customers alleging failure to maintain safe premises and restrictions with respect to protocols relating to such pandemic. Further, changes in trading behavior, impacts to trading behavior due to market disruptions, temporary suspensions of open outcry trading, temporary regulatory measures and other future developments caused by the effects of a pandemic, including a re-occurrence of cases and the emergence of variants, could impact trading volumes and the demand for our products, market data and services, which could have a material 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows and could heighten many of the other risks described herein. Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines and other legal proceedings if we fail to comply with legal and regulatory obligations. Cboe Options, C2, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA are registered national securities exchanges and SROs, and, as such, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the SEC. CFE is a DCM and Cboe SEF is a SEF, each registered with the CFTC and subject to comprehensive regulation by the CFTC. In addition to its other SRO responsibilities, BZX, as a listing market, also is responsible for evaluating applications submitted by issuers interested in listing their securities on BZX and monitoring each issuer s compliance with BZX s continued listing standards. The Exchanges may be subject to additional responsibilities in other international jurisdictions where the Exchanges may be authorized to act as foreign exchanges. Failure to comply with these SRO and other responsibilities could result in potential sanctions or fines and a negative impact on Cboe s reputation and/or branding. Our European businesses are subject to regulatory oversight in the UK by the FCA and in the Netherlands by the DNB and the AFM, which, through the passporting regime, provides authorization to carry on business in other Member States of the EU and the EEA in accordance with the applicable EU legislation and regulation to which our European business is subject. MATCHNow and NEO are subject to regulatory oversight in Canada by their primary provincial securities authority, the OSC. In addition, each of MATCHNow and NEO is a Marketplace Member of, and subject to a regulation services agreement with, the Canadian SRO. Cboe Australia is subject to regulatory oversight in Australia by the ASIC. Cboe Japan is subject to regulatory oversight in Japan by the JFSA and the JSDA. BIDS Trading is a registered broker-dealer subject to regulatory oversight in the U.S. by the SEC and FINRA and is intended to be maintained as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with the SROs. The Chief Executive Officer of BIDS Trading is expected to lead BIDS Trading as an independent business within Cboe, reporting into an independent committee of the Board of Directors of Cboe Global Markets. If a regulatory authority makes a finding of non-compliance, conditional fines could be imposed, and our licenses could be revoked. Any such fine or revocation of a license could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition to the requirements related to operating our U.S. markets imposed by the SEC and the CFTC, we also have certain responsibilities for regulating the TPHs and members that trade on our Exchanges. While we have entered into agreements under which FINRA, with respect to our options and equities exchanges provides certain regulatory services, and under which OCC, with respect to CFE provides certain financial surveillance and regulatory services, we retain ultimate responsibility for the regulation of our TPHs and members. We have begun to perform internally more of the regulatory services that FINRA used to handle and now perform internally the regulatory functions that NFA previously handled on behalf of CFE. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on the establishment and maintenance of appropriate systems and procedures, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, the ability of FINRA and OCC to perform under their respective RSAs, the ability of FINRA and OCC to transition to us any other potential responsibilities under their respective RSAs, our ability to complete the new additional responsibilities for regulating our TPHs and members and our oversight of the work done by FINRA and OCC. The SEC and CFTC have broad powers to audit, investigate and enforce compliance and to punish noncompliance by, as applicable, SROs, DCMs and SEFs pursuant to applicable laws, rules and regulations. If a regulatory authority were to find one of our programs of enforcement or compliance to be deficient, our SROs, DCM, or SEF could be the subject of investigations and enforcement proceedings that may result in substantial sanctions, including revocation of registration as a national securities exchange, DCM, or SEF. Any such investigations or proceedings, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, our SROs, DCM, or SEF may be required to modify or restructure their regulatory functions in response to any changes in the regulatory environment, or they may be required to rely on third parties to perform regulatory and oversight functions, each of which may require us to incur substantial expenses and may harm our reputation if our regulatory services are deemed inadequate. In addition, SROs are required by federal law to perform a variety of regulatory functions. In light of these responsibilities, some courts have held that SROs are immune to certain private causes of action relating to the 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 performance of these regulatory functions. There is a risk that some courts may not apply this immunity doctrine to all claims. There is also a risk that legislative or regulatory developments may change the application of this immunity doctrine. Limitations on the application of the immunity doctrine could result in an increased exposure to litigation, and increase liability and/or other legal expenses. Further under the CEA, CFE, Cboe SEF and Cboe Digital Exchange may be subject to litigation alleging that they have acted in bad faith. We also could be exposed to liability to regulators or other governmental authorities even in situations where immunity would bar a civil claim. Legislative or regulatory changes affecting our markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Changes in regulation by the SEC, CFTC, FCA, Central Bank of the Netherlands DNB ), AFM, IIROC, Canadian SRO, OSC, ASIC, JFSA, JSDA, other foreign regulators or other government action, including SEC approval of rule filings by other SROs or entities, including OCC, could materially affect our markets, products and clearinghouse. In recent years, the securities and derivatives industries have been subject to regulatory changes as a result of increasing government and public scrutiny of the securities and derivatives industries. We have also experienced, and we may also experience due to changes in administrations in the U.S. and expansion into other asset classes, such as the digital asset space or U.S. Treasuries and geographies, an increase in rulemaking and legislation that could affect our business. In particular, in December 2022, the SEC released four proposals that could impact equity market structure: (1) Disclosure of Order Execution Information (Rule 605); (2) Regulation NMS Amendments: Tick Size, Access Fees, and Transparency; (3) Regulation Best Execution; and (4) Proposed Rule to Enhance Order Competition. These proposals have been noticed for public comment. If adopted as-is or additional proposals or changes to the existing equity market structure proposals emerge, we could experience market technology changes, incur additional compliance costs, experience negative impacts on our volumes, liquidity, and fees, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Under EU and UK regulations, European and UK banks and other European and UK financial institutions become subject to punitive capital charges if they transact options or futures through a third country central counterparty CCP that is not recognized in the applicable jurisdiction. OCC, our clearinghouse for U.S. options and futures, is recognized as a third country CCP by the EU and is currently operating under the UK s temporary recognition regime. Although the UK has not issued any equivalency determination with respect to U.S. CCPs, OCC has submitted its application for permanent recognition in the UK. The current deadline for recognition in the UK is December 31, 2024, and may be extended by His Majesty s Treasury in the future in increments of 12 months each. As a prerequisite to ultimately achieving recognition in the UK, it is possible that OCC could be required by the UK to contribute capital to its default waterfall applicable in the event of clearing member default. This capital could be required to be drawn before the default fund contributions of non-defaulting clearing members in the event that a defaulting clearing member s margin and other contributions were to be exhausted. OCC s stockholders, including Cboe Options, could effectively be required to fund this capital. If the UK does not recognize OCC as a third country CCP, then UK market participants that clear through OCC would become subject to punitive capital charges. As a result, we could experience the loss of a significant number of UK market participants and a significant reduction in trading activity on our options and futures markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. The implementation of MiFID II and MiFIR in Europe at the beginning of 2018 has encouraged competition among market centers in Europe. MiFID II and MiFIR have introduced a number of new rules, including enhanced internal organizational and compliance monitoring requirements, which apply directly to European trading venues such as our MTF and RM. The impact of MiFID II and MiFIR is significant, and the increased competition among market centers could reduce trading volumes and trading fees, while increasing our costs of operating in Europe. Additionally, European authorities are currently undertaking a review of MiFID as a result of which new rules may come into effect that could have a material impact on our business. In 2021 the E.C. published proposals for the review of EU market structure, including provisions for a consolidated tape for the EU and changes to the transparency regime for equities. These proposals are expected to be implemented during late 2023 or early 2024. As proposed, these new rules may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. The legislative and regulatory environment in which the spot FX market operates is evolving and has undergone significant changes in the recent past, and there may be future regulatory changes in the spot FX industry. The FX Global Code was published in 2017 and sets forth standards of conduct agreed by market participants and central banks on a global basis to apply to the wholesale FX market, and the effect of its publication on conduct and future regulation 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 continues to evolve. Cboe FX issued a Statement of Commitment declaring its commitment to conduct its FX market activities in a manner consistent with the principles of the FX Global Code. Amendments to the FX Global Code, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by applicable governmental bodies and regulatory organizations, or the adoption of new legal or regulatory requirements, may also adversely affect our spot FX business. Further, our FX NDF business may also be adversely affected by proposed regulatory changes to the rules governing swap execution facilities. It is also possible that there will be additional legislative and regulatory changes or efforts in the environment in which we operate, or plan to operate, our businesses. Actions on any of the specific regulatory issues currently under review in the U.S. or internationally and other proposals could have a material impact on our business. In addition, U.S. and foreign legislatures and regulators could impose legislative or regulatory changes that could materially adversely impact the ability of our market participants to use our markets or participate in the securities industry at all. Any such changes could result in the loss of a significant number of market participants or a reduction in trading activity on our markets, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Changes or proposed changes in regulation may also result in additional costs of compliance and modification of market participants trading activity on our Exchanges and markets. Any infringement by us on intellectual property rights of others could result in litigation and could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our competitors, as well as others, have obtained, or may obtain, patents or may otherwise hold intellectual property rights that are related to our technology or the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. We may not be aware of all intellectual property that may pose a risk of infringement by our products, services or technologies. In addition, some potential patent applications in the U.S. are confidential until a patent is issued, and therefore we cannot evaluate the extent to which our products, services or technologies may be covered or asserted to be covered in pending patent applications. Thus, we cannot be sure that our products, services or technologies do not infringe on the rights of others or that others will not make claims of infringement against us. Claims of infringement are not uncommon in our industry, and even if we believe that such claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management resources and attention. If one or more of our products, services or technologies were determined to infringe a patent or other intellectual property right held by another party, we may be required to pay damages, stop using, developing or marketing those products, services or technologies, obtain a license from the intellectual property rights holders, or redesign those products, services or technologies to avoid infringement. If we were required to stop using, developing or marketing certain products, services or technologies, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed. Moreover, if we were unable to obtain required licenses, we may not be able to redesign our products, services or technologies to avoid infringement, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Misconduct by our TPHs, members, participants or others could harm us. We run the risk that our TPHs, members, participants, other persons who use our markets or our products, other persons for whom we clear transactions, our employees or those with which we have business relationships may engage in fraud, market or product manipulation, or other misconduct, which could result in regulatory and legal sanctions and penalties and serious harm to our reputation, especially because we are the parent company of SROs. It is not always possible to deter misconduct, or market or product manipulation, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. In addition, misconduct, or market or product manipulation by, or failures of, participants on our or other exchanges may discourage trading on our Exchanges or of our products, which could reduce revenues. Potential conflicts of interest between our for-profit status and our regulatory responsibilities may adversely affect our business. As a for-profit business with regulatory responsibilities, we are responsible for disciplining TPHs and members for violating our rules, including by imposing fines and sanctions. This may create a conflict of interest between our business interests and our regulatory responsibilities. Any failure by us to fulfill our regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, increase regulatory scrutiny or cause the SEC or CFTC to take action against us, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 BIDS Trading s ability to operate under its current regulatory framework is dependent upon the sufficiency of a novel operational and governance framework we have developed to govern our relationship with BIDS Trading and our ability to comply with such framework and if we fail to adhere to such framework or the BIDS Trading ATS is otherwise deemed a facility of our registered national securities exchanges, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. The U.S. equities ATS operated by BIDS Trading is regulated as a broker-dealer sponsored alternative trading system and not a registered national securities exchange. Because we acquired BIDS Trading, it is now under common ownership with our registered national securities exchanges that, in some cases, offer trading in the same securities as those traded on the BIDS Trading ATS. Absent sufficient separation, this common ownership of an ATS and registered national securities exchanges offering trading in the same securities presents the potential for the BIDS Trading ATS to be deemed a facility of our registered national securities exchanges. If the BIDS Trading ATS were to be deemed to be a facility of our registered national securities exchanges, certain exchange regulations could be extended to the BIDS Trading ATS, which could have a material adverse impact on BIDS Trading s business model. This could reduce the BIDS Trading ATS competitiveness and volumes and could result in a reduction of the value of the BIDS Trading ATS to us. This could also potentially result in fines or other penalties being assessed against us for our failure to operate the BIDS Trading ATS as a facility, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. To mitigate the risk that the BIDS Trading ATS is deemed a facility of our registered national securities exchanges, we have developed and implemented an operational and governance framework for our ownership of BIDS Trading that is intended to preserve the strategic, technological, business, and operational independence of the BIDS Trading ATS from our registered national securities exchange businesses, such that the BIDS Trading ATS and our registered national securities exchanges would not be deemed to be integrated or otherwise linked for facility purposes. This framework is supported by highly detailed policies, procedures and controls. However, because of the lack of precedent for common ownership of an ATS and registered national security exchanges offering trading in the same securities, there is risk that our framework and supporting policies, procedures and controls could be deemed to be insufficient to prevent the BIDS Trading ATS from being deemed to be a facility of our registered national securities exchanges. In addition, because of the comprehensive and highly detailed nature of our framework and supporting policies, procedures and controls, there is risk that we could inadvertently fail to fully adhere to our operational and governance framework and related policies, procedures and controls. There is also risk that new legislation or regulation, or changes in existing regulation or other government action, relating to facilities of registered national securities exchanges and/or the common ownership of an ATS and registered national securities exchanges offering trading in the same securities could materially affect our ability to own and operate the BIDS Trading ATS under the current operational and governance framework, including without the BIDS Trading ATS being deemed a facility of our registered national securities exchanges. Occurrence of any of the risks described in this paragraph could result in the BIDS Trading ATS being deemed to be a facility of our registered national securities exchanges, which could reduce the BIDS Trading ATS competitiveness and volumes and could result in a reduction of the value of the BIDS Trading ATS to us, and could also potentially result in fines or other penalties being assessed against us for our failure to operate the BIDS Trading ATS as a facility, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results . If our risk management and compliance methods are not effective, we may suffer adverse consequences, such as investigations and enforcement actions from regulators, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, risk, audit, and reporting systems and procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance, risk and audit management personnel. These systems and procedures may not be fully effective. We face the risk of intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance activity. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in penalties, settlements or civil lawsuits, including by customers, or third parties, for damages, which may be substantial. For example, the SEC has previously brought actions against exchange operators, including us, for failing to fulfill their obligations to have an effective regulatory system. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and rules could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results and, in extreme cases, our ability to conduct our business or portions thereof. As the parent company for SROs, other markets, and a clearinghouse, we are responsible for maintaining markets that comply with securities and futures laws, SEC, FCA, AFM, DNB, Canadian SRO, OSC, ASIC, JFSA, JSDA, ESMA, and CFTC regulations and the rules of the respective exchanges, markets and clearinghouse. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 We have methods to identify, monitor and manage our risks. Management of legal, compliance, and regulatory risk, among other risks, requires policies and procedures to properly monitor and manage risk. Additionally, as we continue to integrate the technology, associates, and processes of recent acquisitions, we may not be able to identify additional risks. Further, the practices we utilize to integrate these acquisitions may not be effective at identifying or monitoring and managing risks related to ongoing integration activities. If our policies, procedures, and compliance systems are not effective or we are not successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed, our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. We cannot provide assurance that our policies and procedures will always be effective, or that our management, compliance department, risk department and related enterprise risk management program and internal audit department would be able to identify any such ineffectiveness. If these departments or the enterprise risk program, and related policies and procedures are not effective, we may be subject to monetary or other penalties by our regulators, and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage. Our ability to implement or amend rules could be limited or delayed because of regulation, which could negatively affect our ability to implement needed changes. Our Exchanges registered with the SEC must submit proposed rule changes to the SEC for its review and, in many cases, its approval. Even where a proposed rule change may be effective upon filing with the SEC, the SEC retains the right to suspend and disapprove such a rule change. Also, the CFTC may stay or disapprove rules that we file with it for CFE or Cboe SEF. The rule review process can be lengthy and can significantly delay the implementation of proposed rule changes that we believe are necessary to the operation of our markets. If the SEC or CFTC delays, including because of a government shutdown, or does not allow one of our Exchanges to implement a rule change, this could negatively affect our ability to make needed changes or implement business activities. Similarly, the SEC must approve amendments to our exchange subsidiaries certificates of incorporation and bylaws as well as certain amendments to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Cboe Global Markets. The SEC may decide not to approve a proposed amendment or may delay such approval in a manner that could negatively affect our ability to make a desired change, which could prevent or delay us from improving the operations of our markets or recognize income from new products. Changes in the tax laws and regulations affecting us, our products and our market participants could have a material adverse effect on our business. Legislation may be proposed, both domestically and internationally, that could add a transaction tax on our products or change the way that our market participants are taxed on the products they trade on our markets. A number of federal, state and local jurisdictions in the U.S. and EU Member States have considered a financial transaction tax, but many details remain to be discussed and agreed, including how to assess the tax. Additionally, legislation has been proposed from time to time on a federal level that would introduce in the U.S. mark-to-market tax treatment for all derivatives contracts and require gains and losses be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Implementation of such taxes could result in a reduction in volumes and liquidity, which would have a negative impact on our operations. In addition to proposed tax changes that could affect our market participants, like other corporations, we are subject to taxes at federal, state and local levels, as well as in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws, regulations or policies or successful claims by tax authorities could result in our having to pay higher taxes, which would in turn reduce our net income. If this occurs, we may experience a higher effective tax rate. We are subject to litigation risks and other liabilities. Many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of litigation and other liabilities. Although under current law we expect to be immune from private suits arising from conduct within our regulatory authority and from acts and forbearances incident to the exercise of our regulatory authority, we expect this immunity will only cover certain of our activities in the U.S., and we could be exposed to liability under foreign, national and local laws, court decisions and rules and regulations promulgated by regulatory agencies. Some of our other liability risks arise under the laws and regulations relating to the tax, employment, intellectual property, anti-money laundering, technology export, cybersecurity, foreign asset controls, foreign corrupt practices, employee labor and employment areas, including anti-discrimination and fair-pay laws and regulations. Liability could also result from disputes over the terms of a trade executed on one of our markets, claims that a system failure or delay cost a 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 customer money, claims we entered into an unauthorized transaction or claims that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction. For example, we are subject to on-going legal disputes that could result in the payment of fines, penalties or damages and could expose us to additional liability in the future. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings in this Annual Report for a general description of our legal proceedings and claims and Note 23 Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees Legal Proceedings to the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report, for a summary of specific legal proceedings. Further, we could incur significant expenses vigorously defending the claims mentioned above (including those found to be barred due to immunity) and any future claims, even those without merit, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The outcomes of existing claims and any future claims cannot be determined and an adverse resolution of any lawsuit or claim against us may require us to pay substantial damages or impose restrictions on how we conduct business, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, we may have to establish accruals for those matters in circumstances when a loss contingency is considered probable and the related amount is reasonably estimable. Any such accruals may be adjusted as circumstances change. Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Indebtedness We have outstanding indebtedness and commitments, which may decrease our business flexibility and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. As of December 31, 2022, we had 304.7 million outstanding under our term loan facility, which matures in December 2023, 647.3 million of senior unsecured notes due 2027, 494.0 million of senior unsecured notes due 2030, 296.0 million of senior unsecured notes due 2032, no funds outstanding under our revolving credit facility and no funds outstanding under the Cboe Clear Europe credit facility. The financial and other covenants to which we have agreed and our indebtedness may have the effect of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less indebtedness and making us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions. Further, we may default on our obligations or violate the covenants, in which case, we may be required to seek a waiver of such default or the debt obligations may be accelerated. A default under any of our indebtedness with cross default provisions could result in a default on our other indebtedness. Our indebtedness may also increase future borrowing costs, and the covenants pertaining thereto may also limit our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock, increase dividends or obtain additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate requirements. We are also required to dedicate a larger portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures, regulatory capital requirements, and general corporate purposes. Further, a portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which exposes us to the risk of increased interest rates unless we enter into offsetting hedging transactions. Also, our ability to fund capital expenditures and return capital to stockholders may depend on the amount of capital committed related to lines of credit granted by the Company to our subsidiaries in connection with their regulatory capital requirements. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures depend on our ability to generate cash from our operations. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets, seeking additional equity or reducing or delaying capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, any of which could impede the implementation of our business strategy or prevent us from entering into transactions that would otherwise benefit our business. Additionally, we may not be able to affect such actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any of the foregoing consequences could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Deterioration in our credit profile may increase our costs of borrowing money. As of December 31, 2022, we have investment grade credit ratings from S P Global Ratings (A-) and Moody s Investor Service (A3). Ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. There is no assurance that we will maintain such credit 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 ratings, since credit ratings may be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. If a rating agency were to downgrade our rating below investment grade, our borrowing costs could increase. If our goodwill, long-lived assets, investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and intangible assets become impaired, the resulting charge to earnings may be significant. We are required to assess investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and intangible assets for impairment at least annually. Goodwill impairment testing is performed annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if conditions exist that indicate that the asset may be impaired. In the future, we may take charges against earnings resulting from impairment. Any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of our goodwill, long-lived assets, intangible assets or investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Following the acquisition Cboe Digital, in the quarter ended June 30, 2022, negative events and trends in the broader digital asset environment emerged, such as deleveraging and bankruptcies, and certain negative trends in the broader digital asset environment that started in late 2021 intensified, such as the decline in digital asset prices, overall market activity, and market capitalization. Additionally, following the acquisition of Cboe Digital , the efforts to syndicate minority ownership interests in Cboe Digital to potential investors during the quarter ended June 30, 2022 became more challenging, and the outlook for the Digital segment s future market growth was negatively impacted. The Company considered these developments, in particular the syndication efforts during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, to be potential indications of impairment and performed an interim impairment test for the goodwill recognized in the Digital reporting unit during the quarter ended June 30, 2022. The Company concluded that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, which considered both market and income approaches, and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 460.1 million in the consolidated statements of income during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and also recognized a deferred tax asset of 116.2 million. This deferred tax asset, resulting from the excess of tax-deductible goodwill over book goodwill, relates to future tax deductions the Company expects to realize to reduce potential tax payments on future income. As a result, the carrying value of Cboe Digital decreased by 343.9 million, to 220.0 million as of June 30, 2022. The Company also performed testing over the intangible assets recognized as a result of the Cboe Digital acquisition during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and based on the results of the assessments, determined there was no impairment required as the fair value approximated the carrying value. No other long lived assets were recognized as a result of the acquisition and subject to further assessment. As a result of the finalization of the net working capital calculation associated with the acquisition of Cboe Digital during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recorded additional goodwill of 0.8 million. Subsequently, the Company concluded that the indicators of impairment outlined in the previous paragraph continued to be relevant and recorded an additional goodwill impairment charge of 0.8 million in the consolidated statements of income for the three months ended September 30, 2022, resulting in the write-down of the carrying value of the goodwill associated with the acquisition of Cboe Digital to zero. As a result of the Company s annual impairment analysis, completed in the fourth quarter of 2022, in which all reporting units estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value, we do not consider our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles to have a significant risk of additional impairment. Any decision to pay dividends on our common stock is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends upon the earnings and cash flow of our operating subsidiaries. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders. Any decision to pay dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors, which may determine not to declare dividends at all or at a reduced amount. The board s determination to declare dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and the SEC and other factors that the board deems relevant. As a holding company with no significant business operations of its own, Cboe Global Markets depends entirely on distributions, if any, it may receive from its subsidiaries to meet its obligations and pay dividends to its stockholders. If these subsidiaries are not profitable, or even if they are and they determine to retain their profits for use in their businesses, we will be unable to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Certain provisions in our organizational documents and governing law could prevent or delay a change of control. Our organizational documents contain provisions that could block actions that stockholders might find favorable, including discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control or any unsolicited acquisition proposals for us. These include provisions: prohibiting stockholders from acting by written consent; requiring advance notice of director nominations and of business to be brought before a meeting of stockholders; and limiting the persons who may call special stockholders meetings. In addition, our organizational documents include provisions that: restrict any person from voting or causing the voting of shares of stock representing more than 20 of our outstanding voting capital stock; and restrict any person from beneficially owning shares of stock representing more than 20 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. 
 Furthermore, our Board of Directors has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights and preferences of these shares without stockholder approval. Any series of our preferred stock is likely to be senior to our common stock with respect to dividends, liquidation rights and, possibly, voting rights. The ability of the Board of Directors to issue preferred stock also could have the effect of discouraging unsolicited acquisition proposals, thus materially adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. Delaware law makes it difficult for stockholders that have recently acquired a large interest in a corporation to cause the merger or acquisition of the corporation against the board s wishes. Under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a Delaware corporation may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder except in limited circumstances, including by approval of the corporation s Board of Directors. Furthermore, the European countries where we operate regulated entities, such as the UK and Netherlands, may require prior governmental approval before an investor acquires 10 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Risks Relating to Our Business Following Consummation of Cboe Digital Acquisition We may not realize the expected benefits of our acquisition of Cboe Digital (formerly known as ErisX) and the acquisition introduces additional risks to our business due to its evolving business model. On May 2, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of ErisX, which was subsequently rebranded as Cboe Digital. Cboe Digital operates a U.S.-based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange and a regulated clearinghouse. Leveraging digital asset data from Cboe Digital s and our existing index calculation capabilities, we intend to develop and distribute digital asset indices for potential use in exchange traded products and other derivative product opportunities. We also plan to develop a robust market data offering based on actionable bid and offer prices from the Cboe Digital spot crypto market, and ultimately intend to develop a benchmark to help Cboe Digital s industry partners and other market participants evaluate the appropriateness of crypto execution prices and offer digital asset trading to their clients. We are subject to increased financial and reputational risks if there is a failure to develop and launch one or more of the anticipated products resulting from this acquisition, or if the development or launch of a new product is unsuccessful. Also, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the necessary regulatory approvals or receive support from market participants, industry partners and users to develop and launch products as planned, that Cboe Digital will continue to operate as anticipated, or that we will realize the expected return on our investment. Furthermore, our investment in Cboe Digital entails numerous risks, including risks relating to our ability to: manage the complexity of its business model to stay current with the industry; successfully enter categories and markets in which it may have limited or no prior experience; successfully develop and integrate products, systems or personnel into its business operations; and maintain required licenses and regulatory approvals for its business. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, certain market participants acquired minority ownership interests in Cboe Digital and intend to serve as partners in the growth of the business. If these market participants do not serve as partners in the growth of the business, then we may not be able to realize the expected return on our investment. Insufficient participation from market participants in ownership and partnership may adversely affect the ability of Cboe Digital to operate as anticipated or grow, which may have a material adverse effect on the Cboe Digital business. As digital assets technologies evolve, Cboe Digital may add, modify or discontinue certain aspects of its business model relating to the product mix and service offerings. Future additions and modifications to Cboe Digital s business will increase the complexity of its business and may place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources and internal financial control and reporting functions. We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other additions or modifications will be successful or will not result in harm to our business. Additionally, sources of Cboe Digital revenue are dependent on digital assets and the broader blockchain ecosystem. Due to the highly volatile nature of the blockchain ecosystem and the prices of digital assets, Cboe Digital s operating results have fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, significantly from period to period in accordance with market sentiments and movements in the broader blockchain ecosystem. Additionally, the blockchain ecosystem is highly innovative, rapidly evolving and characterized by intense competition, experimentation and frequent introductions of new products and services, and is subject to uncertain and evolving industry and regulatory requirements. We expect competition to increase in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new products or enhance existing products that may compete with Cboe Digital. We have limited experience applying Cboe Digital s technology platform to a global exchange and clearing infrastructure for digital assets. The creation and operation of a global digital assets spot and derivatives trading market is subject to potential technical, legal and regulatory constraints. Any problems that we encounter with the operation of the Cboe Digital systems, including technical, legal and regulatory problems, could negatively impact our business and plan of operations. The characteristics of digital assets and digital asset platforms have been, and may in the future continue to be, exploited to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, tax evasion, ransomware scams and other types of cybercrime, as well as other technical issues, which could adversely affect the Cboe Digital business. Additionally, illegal activity conducted by other digital asset platforms in the digital asset space may erode trust in the digital asset industry which could have a broad-based negative reputational effect on the Cboe Digital business. Digital assets and the digital asset industry are relatively new and, in many cases, lightly regulated or largely unregulated. Digital asset platforms on which digital assets trade pose special risks, as these platforms are generally new and the rules governing their activities are unsettled and their activities may be largely unregulated, and may therefore be more exposed to theft, fraud, and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. Some types of digital assets, particularly cryptocurrencies, have characteristics, such as the speed with which transactions can be conducted, the ability to conduct transactions without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, the irreversible nature of certain transactions and encryption technology that anonymizes these transactions, that make those assets potentially susceptible to use in illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, tax evasion, ransomware scams and other types of cybercrime. Digital asset platforms have been shut down or experienced losses of assets placed on the platform as a result of cybercrime, and any such event is likely to result in the complete loss of assets placed on such a platform. Any governmental or regulatory action against such a digital asset trading platform may cause assets on such platform to become frozen for a substantial period of time or forfeited, and could result in material opportunity costs or even in the total loss of such assets. In addition, banks may refuse to process or support wire transfers to or from digital asset trading platforms. While we believe that our risk management and compliance framework is reasonably designed to detect any such illicit activities, we cannot ensure that we will be able to detect such illegal activity in all instances. Because the speed, irreversibility and anonymity of certain digital asset transactions potentially makes them difficult to track, fraudulent transactions may be more likely to occur. Cboe Digital may be specifically targeted by individuals seeking to conduct transfers for fraudulent purposes, and it may be difficult or impossible for us to detect and avoid such transactions in certain circumstances. Various other technical issues with blockchain networks have also been uncovered from time to time that resulted in disabled functionality, exposure of certain users personal data, theft of users assets, and other negative consequences, and which required resolution with the attention and efforts of their global miner, user and development communities. If 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 any such risks or other risks materialize, the development and growth of digital assets may be significantly affected and, as a result, our Cboe Digital business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Recent illegal activity by other institutions in the digital asset space may have a negative impact on our customer s and regulators view of the digital asset industry as a whole and result in broadly applied reputational harm. Though we cannot control the actions of other entities in the digital asset space, Cboe Digital subscribes to strict risk management processes that are reviewed and updated to help prevent illegal activity from occurring within Cboe Digital. Digital assets, digital asset trading platforms and blockchains are currently subject to many different, and potentially overlapping, regulatory regimes, and may in the future be subject to different regulatory regimes than those that are currently in effect. The current and future operation of Cboe Digital may increase our regulatory costs and risks, and there can be no assurance that our employees or agents will not violate applicable laws and regulations. Various aspects of the business that we are engaging in, or planning to engage in, through Cboe Digital are heavily regulated. The Cboe Digital futures exchange and clearinghouse are regulated by the CFTC, and the Cboe Digital clearinghouse is registered with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and is licensed as a money transmitter in many U.S. states and territories. Further, the regulatory and legislative framework is unsettled with respect to many forms of digital assets, which means that federal or state regulators or legislators may in the future curtail or prohibit the acquisition, use or redemption of certain digital assets. Ownership of, holding or trading in certain digital assets may become subject to sanction. In light of recent events in the digital asset environment, including the FTX bankruptcy, Federal or state regulators or legislators are increasingly looking to take regulatory or legislative actions, such as the potential digital asset legislation discussed above, that may require additional resources for us to comply with any new regulations and laws and increase the cost and/or subject us and other companies to additional regulations and laws regarding custody or facilitating the trading of digital assets, which may have a material adverse effect on the Cboe Digital business. We are also subject to federal and state anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing laws and regulations. In addition, as we expand the Cboe Digital business to new products and services, we will come under the jurisdiction of additional regulators - both with respect to jurisdiction and subject matter. Certain jurisdictions may impose restrictions on individual s ability to trade specific certain digital assets or at all. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws, regulations, or orders of any governmental authority (including changes to or expansion of the interpretation of those laws, regulations, or orders), including those discussed in this risk factor, may subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, and enforcement, result in additional compliance and licensure requirements, increase regulatory scrutiny of its business, restrict Cboe Digital s operations, and force Cboe Digital to change its business practices, make product or operational changes, or delay planned product launches or improvements. We currently maintain policies and procedures designed to reasonably help ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that we or our employees or agents will be able to comply with all of the regulatory regimes that currently apply, or may in the future be applied, to the Cboe Digital platform or the digital assets supported by the Cboe Digital platform. Cboe Digital follows best practices designed to restrict unauthorized access by individuals in jurisdictions where it is impermissible to trade digital assets. We do not have exposure to any regulators outside of the United States and routinely seek out and receive legal analyses on which jurisdictions we can offer our services to and which customers may avail themselves of our products and services. Additionally, we evaluate which digital assets to include on our platform pursuant to a digital asset listing policy, which includes review by operational, legal and compliance functions. The SEC and its staff have taken the position that certain digital assets fall within the definition of a security under the federal securities laws, and it is possible the SEC may take this position with respect to assets that may be transacted on the Cboe Digital platform. The legal test for determining whether any given asset is a security is a highly complex, fact-driven analysis that evolves over time, and the outcome is difficult to predict. The SEC generally has not provided advance guidance or confirmation on the status of any particular digital asset as a security. Furthermore, the SEC s views in this area have evolved over time, and it is difficult to predict the direction or timing of any continuing evolution. In addition, a platform trading a digital asset determined to be a security may be required to register and be regulated by the SEC. A failure by us, including our employees or agents, to comply with applicable laws and regulations and subsequent judgment or settlement against us under these laws could subject us to monetary penalties, damages, expenses, and/or have a significant reputational impact. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Digital asset custodial solutions and related technology, including our systems and custodial arrangements, are subject to risks related to a loss of funds due to theft of digital assets, employee or vendor sabotage, security and cybersecurity risks, system failures and other operational issues which could cause damage to our reputation and brand. There is also legal uncertainty regarding digital asset custodian arrangements. The secure storage and transmission of digital assets and data over networks is a critical element of our digital asset operations. Cboe Digital holds customer s digital assets custodially through self-custody, and it s accounts with custodians. The exchanges, brokers, dealers, banks or such other cryptocurrency custodial institutions selected by us to act as custodians may become insolvent or suffer from any of the custody risks described herein, causing us to lose all or a portion of the digital assets held by those custodians. Threats to the storage and transmission of digital assets and data may come from external factors such as governments, organized crime, hackers and other third parties such as outsourced or infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or may originate internally from an employee or service provider to whom we or our custodians have granted access to our systems. Digital asset transactions may be irrevocable, and stolen or incorrectly transferred digital assets may be irretrievable. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a digital asset generally will not be reversible, and we or our custodians may not be capable of seeking compensation for any such transfer or theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, the digital asset could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the ability of Cboe Digital to continue as a going concern, which may have an adverse effect on our business. While we and our digital asset custodians maintain cybersecurity procedures and policies, those procedures and policies may not be adequate to avoid the potential losses caused by security breaches, and we or our custodians may lose digital assets without any recourse. Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer, such as the Securities Investor Protection Corporation or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, to offer recourse to us or to any investor and the misappropriated digital assets may not easily be traced to the bad actor. Cboe Digital takes several steps to isolate the digital assets held for customers from its own assets and to structure customer accounts in a way that reinforces customer ownership of digital assets. Primarily, Cboe Digital holds customer digital assets separate from its own assets in customer accounts, referred to as wallets, either through a third-party custodian, a licensed trust company, or in separate and distinct wallets managed by Cboe Digital. Customer digital assets are held in omnibus wallets titled for the benefit of customers of Cboe Digital. Digital assets of customers (but not Cboe Digital) are commingled in the omnibus wallets, and Cboe Digital maintains the records of the amount and type of digital asset owned by each of its customers in omnibus wallets. Cboe Digital does not commingle its own corporate assets with the customer digital assets in the omnibus wallets, other than corporate assets that are held in omnibus wallets to facilitate customer transactions relating to the digital assets contained in the omnibus wallet, including in order to pay customary transaction fees and expenses. Because Cboe Digital does not have a trading entity for proprietary or liquidity trading purposes, Cboe Digital maintains its own digital assets only to facilitate customer trading. Cboe Digital does not currently pledge, rehypothecate, or invest customer digital assets although its customer agreements and rulebook permit it to do so in the future. Additionally, Cboe Digital does not otherwise use customer digital assets for its own corporate or business purposes. A failure of Cboe Digital s policies and procedures regarding the separation of customer assets could subject Cboe Digital to regulatory scrutiny and could adversely affect Cboe Digital s digital asset business. The obligations associated with these custodial and other arrangements to safeguard digital assets involve unique risks and uncertainties not present in arrangements to safeguard assets that are not digital assets. While other types of assets held in a similarly-segregated manner have been deemed not to be part of the custodian s bankruptcy estate under various regulatory regimes, bankruptcy courts have not yet considered the appropriate treatment of custodial holdings of digital assets, and any such determination may be highly fact-specific. Despite Cboe Digital s efforts, through contractual terms and account set up, to structure customer accounts and wallets in a manner that reinforces customer ownership of the assets, there can be no assurance that courts will not consider such assets as part of Cboe Digital s or an Cboe Digital custodian s bankruptcy estate. In that event, digital assets that Cboe Digital or its custodian holds on behalf of Cboe Digital customers may become subject to the bankruptcy proceedings, and such customers could be treated as general unsecured creditors. Moreover, even if digital assets ultimately are not treated as part of Cboe Digital s or an Cboe Digital custodian s bankruptcy estate, the lack of precedent and the fact-dependent nature of the determination could delay the return of such digital assets to customers or result in the return of all or a portion of the cash value of the digital assets rather than the digital assets themselves. As a result of these and other risks, customers may find digital assets to be more risky and less attractive than other assets, which could reduce demand for Cboe Digital s digital asset services and could adversely impact Cboe Digital s digital asset business. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Further, when cryptocurrency custodial solutions (whether involving Cboe Digital systems or others) experience system failures or other operational issues, such events could result in a reduction in digital asset prices or confidence and impact the success of Cboe Digital, and may ultimately have a material adverse effect on the ability of Cboe Digital to continue as a going concern. While Cboe Digital and its vendors have experienced in the past cybersecurity threats and events of varying degrees, we are not aware of any of these threats or events having a material impact on Cboe Digital s business, financial condition or operating results to date. However, there can be no assurance that we or our vendors and custodians will not experience future threats or events that may be material. If any such threats or events materialize, we may be subject to contractual restrictions, liability and damages, loss of business, penalties, unfavorable publicity, and increased scrutiny by regulators, which may have an adverse effect on our business. Digital assets are subject to volatile price fluctuations which can impact the Cboe Digital business. The digital asset market has been characterized by significant volatility and unexpected price movements. Certain crypto assets may become more volatile and less liquid in a very short period of time, resulting in market prices being subject to erratic and abrupt market movement, which could harm the Cboe Digital business and the carrying value of the Digital reporting unit. As discussed above, the Company previously recorded goodwill impairment charges related to Cboe Digital, resulting in decreases in the carrying value of Cboe Digital. Prices of digital assets have fluctuated widely for a variety of reasons and may continue to experience significant price fluctuations. Such volatility could have a significant impact on the fair market value of digital assets and there can be no assurance that ongoing volatility will positively impact the value of digital assets. Factors that may affect the price of digital assets include: Total digital assets in existence; Global digital assets supply and demand; Investors expectations with respect to the rate of inflation of fiat currencies; Digital asset market fragmentation and consolidation; Fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies of digital asset trading platforms and liquidity of such markets; Interruptions in service from, bankruptcy of, or failure of major digital asset trading platforms; Cyber theft of digital assets from online digital asset wallet providers, or news of such theft from such providers, or theft from individual digital asset wallets; Investment and trading activities of hedge funds and other large digital asset investors; Monetary policies of governments, sanctions, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations; Regulatory measures, if any, that restrict or facilitate the ability to buy, sell or hold digital assets or use digital assets as a form of payment; Availability and popularity of businesses that provide digital asset-related services; Maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the digital asset network; Global or regional political, economic or financial events and uncertainty; Manipulative trading activity on digital asset trading platforms, which are largely unregulated; The adoption of digital assets as a medium of exchange, store-of-value or other consumptive asset and the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the applicable digital asset; Forks in the applicable digital asset network; Consumer preferences and perceptions; An active derivative market for digital assets; and Fees associated with processing a transaction of digital assets and the speed at which such transactions are settled. Volatility and unexpected price movements may be a factor in whether customers maintain their deposits on Cboe Digital Exchange. Excessive redemptions or withdrawals by customers may have an adverse impact on the profitability of the Cboe Digital business. Cboe Digital s clearinghouse operations are exposed to risks, including credit, liquidity, market and other risks related to the potential defaults of clearing members and other counterparties. Cboe Digital is subject to risks related to operating its clearinghouse, Cboe Clear Digital, which is a derivatives clearing organization DCO registered with the CFTC. Risks associated with the operation of Cboe Clear Digital include failing to meet strict business continuity requirements and regulatory oversight, risks of default by clearing members and counterparties due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. There is no guarantee the collateral deposited will continue to maintain its value, and the use of digital assets as collateral may introduce additional 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 volatility in value. Further, to help ensure an orderly market, Cboe Digital maintains digital assets to support its clearing operations which may be subject to significant changes in value and therefore exposed to market risk with the fluctuation in market prices. Cboe Digital monitors this risk on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. The business model is such that Cboe Digital earns digital assets and at times may accumulate positions that are subject to market risk. Customer positions do have market risk based on daily activity and settlement prices. Please also refer to the risk factors above for a discussion of other risks associated with the use of digital assets. These risks could subject Cboe Digital to substantial losses, not being able to meet short term liquidity demands due to settlement activity, reputational harm, regulatory consequences, including litigation, fines and enforcement actions, and the inability to operate its business. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties The Company is headquartered in Chicago with a network of domestic and global offices across the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia, including main hubs in New York, London, Kansas City and Amsterdam. Our principal properties as of December 31, 2022 are listed in the table below: Location Classification Owned/Leased Lease Expiration Approximate Size 400 South La Salle Street, Chicago, Illinois Former global headquarters and office space; prior trading floor Owned N/A 300,000 sq. ft. 433 W. Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois New global headquarters and office space Leased August 2035 185,000 sq. ft. 8050 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas Office space Leased February 2027, with two 5 year renewal options 62,000 sq. ft. 8050 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas Office space Leased May 2023 18,500 sq. ft. 141 W. Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, Illinois New trading floor and office space Leased October 2032 40,000 sq. ft. Gustav Mahlerplein 73-83, Amsterdam, Netherlands Office space Leased January 2032 29,500 sq. ft. 17 State Street, New York, New York Office space Leased April 2024, with one 5 year renewal option 22,000 sq. ft. 11 Monument Street, London, United Kingdom Principal UK office space Leased March 2027, with one 5 year renewal option 21,000 sq. ft. Rockwell Business Center Sheridan, Sheridan Street Corner United Street, Highway Hills Mandaluyong City 1550 Philippines Office space Leased December 2023 10,500 sq. ft. 111 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 4730, Chicago, IL Office space Leased January 2024 9,500 sq. ft. One Liberty Plaza, New York, New York Office space Leased May 2027 8,500 sq. ft. Strawinskylaan 1847 Amsterdam, Netherlands Office space Leased August 2023 8,000 sq. ft. 65 Queen Street West Toronto, Ontario, Canada Office space Leased June 2028 8,000 sq. ft. 1 Farrer Place, Sydney 2000 Australia Office space Leased December 2026 7,000 sq. ft. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Cboe Building Corporation, we own the building that was previously the global headquarters. As a result of the Merger, there was a reduction in employee workspace needed in Chicago, which led to the decision to market for sale the former headquarters location. The Company classified the associated land, building, 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 and certain furniture and equipment of the former headquarters location as held for sale, performed an impairment assessment, and ceased depreciation effective May 1, 2019, as the Company anticipated selling the property held for sale in less than twelve months. However, due to the time elapsed since active marketing for sale of the building commenced, the Company reclassified the property to held and used, effective May 1, 2021, and the building was once again subject to depreciation. On April 28, 2022, the Company signed a non-binding letter of intent with an entity interested in purchasing the property, though in the quarter ended September 30, 2022, negotiations with this entity were terminated. The Company has continued discussions with other potential buyers. At this time the Company has no indications that the property s classification or carrying value needs to be updated as of December 31, 2022. The property is subject to depreciation as of December 31, 2022. We believe that our properties are in good operating condition and adequately serve our current business operations. Generally, our properties are not earmarked for use by a particular segment. Instead, most of our properties are used by two or more segments. We also anticipate that suitable additional or alternative space will be available at commercially reasonable terms for future expansion to the extent necessary. Our disaster recovery sites in the United States are located in Chicago, Illinois, Kansas City, Missouri, and Secaucus, New Jersey. In addition, we have agreements with a primary data center in Secaucus, New Jersey and a secondary data center in Chicago, Illinois. In Europe, our primary data center is in Slough, England. The secondary data center for Cboe Europe is in Park Royal, London. We operate a back-up location for our London operations in the United Kingdom. See Note 7 Property and Equipment, Net and Note 24 Leases to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Cboe incorporates herein by reference the discussion set forth in Note 21 Income Taxes and Note 23 Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees of the consolidated financial statements included herein. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Common Stock The Company s common stock is listed on Cboe BZX under the trading symbol CBOE. As of January 31, 2023, there were approximately 124 holders of record of our common stock. Dividends Each share of common stock, including restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, is entitled to receive dividend and dividend equivalents, respectively, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company s expectation is to continue to pay dividends. The decision to pay a dividend, however, remains within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and may be affected by various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other considerations our Board of Directors deems relevant. Future debt obligations and statutory provisions, among other things, may limit, or in some cases prohibit, our ability to pay dividends. As a holding company, the Company s ability to declare and continue to pay dividends in the future with respect to its common stock will also be dependent upon the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends to it under applicable corporate law. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Not applicable. Use of Proceeds Not applicable. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers Share Repurchase Program In 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of 100 million and subsequently approved additional authorizations, for a total authorization of 1.6 billion. The program permits the Company to purchase shares, through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. Under the program, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 876,238 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of 115.20, totaling 100.9 million. Since inception of the program through December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased 18,948,367 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of 70.30, totaling 1.3 billion. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 217.9 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Purchase of common stock from employees During the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, we purchased shares from employees in connection with the settlement of employee tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of restricted stock units and restricted stock awards. The table below represents repurchases made by or on behalf of us or any affiliated purchaser of our common stock during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Total number of shares Average price paid Period purchased per share October 1 to October 31, 2022 November 1 to November 30, 2022 658 122.63 December 1 to December 31, 2022 Total 658 122.63 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Stockholder Return Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total return provided to stockholders on our common stock since December 31, 2017 against the return of the S P 500 Index and a customized peer group that includes CME Group Inc., Intercontinental Exchange Inc., and Nasdaq, Inc. An investment of 100, with reinvestment of all dividends, is assumed to have been made in our common stock, the index and the peer groups on December 31, 2017, and its performance is tracked on an annual basis through December 31, 2022. Comparison of Cumulative Total Return of the Company, Peer Groups, Industry Indices and/or Broad Markets COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN Among Cboe Global Markets, Inc., the S P 500 Index and a Peer Group 

12/17 12/18 12/19 12/20 12/21 12/22 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 100.00 79.40 98.59 77.72 110.54 108.15 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 Peer Group 100.00 116.15 141.44 162.74 223.96 183.42 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is provided to assist the reader in understanding the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, and critical accounting estimates and policies through the eyes of our management team. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. See Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements above. A detailed comparison of the Company s 2021 operating results to its 2020 operating results can be found in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section in the Company s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 18, 2022 at www.sec.gov . INTRODUCTION Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is organized as follows: Executive Summary Includes an overview of the Company s business; a description of notable recent developments, current economic, competitive and regulatory trends relevant to our business; the Company s current business strategy; and the Company s primary sources of operating and non-operating revenues and expenses. Results of Operations Includes an analysis of the Company s 2022 and 2021 financial results and a discussion of any known events or trends which are likely to impact future results. Liquidity and Capital Resources Includes a discussion of the Company s future cash requirements, capital resources, and financing arrangements. Critical Accounting Estimates Provides an explanation of accounting estimates which may have a significant impact on the Company s financial results and the judgments, assumptions, and uncertainties associated with those estimates. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Includes an evaluation of recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact of their future adoption on the Company s financial results. 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Overview Cboe Global Markets, Inc., a leading provider of market infrastructure and tradable products, delivers cutting-edge trading, clearing and investment solutions to market participants around the world. The Company is committed to operating a trusted, inclusive global marketplace, and to providing leading products, technology and data solutions that enable participants to define a sustainable financial future. Cboe provides trading solutions and products in multiple asset classes, including equities, derivatives, FX, and digital assets, across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Cboe s subsidiaries include the largest options exchange and the third largest stock exchange operator in the U.S. In addition, the Company operates one of the largest stock exchanges by value traded in Europe, and owns Cboe Clear Europe (rebranded from EuroCCP in November of 2022), a leading pan-European equities and derivatives clearinghouse, BIDS Trading, a leading block-trading ATS by volume in the U.S., MATCHNow (operating as TriAct Canada Marketplace LP), a leading equities ATS in Canada, Cboe Australia, an operator of trading venues in Australia, and Cboe Japan, an operator of trading venues in Japan. Cboe also is a leading market globally for exchange-traded products ETPs listings and trading. On May 2, 2022, Cboe completed its acquisition of ErisX, subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital, an operator of a U.S. based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange, and a regulated clearinghouse. On June 1, 2022, Cboe completed its acquisition of NEO Exchange Inc. NEO ), which is a recognized Canadian securities exchange. The Company is headquartered in Chicago with offices in Amsterdam, Belfast, Hong Kong, Kansas City, London, Manila, New York, San Francisco, Sarasota Springs, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and Toronto. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments Acquisition of Cboe Digital On October 20, 2021, the Company announced it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ErisX, which was subsequently rebranded Cboe Digital. Cboe Digital operates a U.S. based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange, and a regulated clearinghouse. Ownership of Cboe Digital allows the Company to enter the digital asset spot and derivatives marketplaces through a digital-first platform developed with industry partners to focus on robust regulatory compliance, data and transparency. The transaction closed on May 2, 2022. Acquisition of NEO On November 15, 2021, the Company announced it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire NEO. NEO is a fintech organization that is comprised of a fully registered Canadian securities exchange with a diverse product and services set ranging from corporate listings to cash equities trading and a non-listed securities distribution platform. With ownership of NEO, the Company expects to further grow Canada as a hub for global equities trading and listings. The transaction closed on June 1, 2022. Business Segments The Company previously operated five reportable business segments prior to the quarter ended June 30, 2022. As a result of the Cboe Digital acquisition during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the Company operates six reportable segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital, which is reflective of how the Company s chief operating decision-maker reviews and operates the business, as discussed in Note 1 Nature of Operations ). Segment performance is primarily evaluated based on operating income (loss). The Company s chief operating decision-maker does not use segment-level assets or income and expenses below operating income (loss) as key performance metrics; therefore, such information is not presented below. The Company has aggregated all of its corporate costs, as well as other business ventures, within the Corporate Items and Eliminations totals based on the decision that those activities should not be used to evaluate the operating performance of the segments; however, operating expenses that relate to activities of a specific segment have been allocated to that segment. Options. The Options segment includes options on market indices index options ), as well as on the stocks of individual corporations equity options ), and options on ETPs, such as exchange-traded funds ETFs and exchange-traded notes ETNs ), which are multi-listed options and listed on a non-exclusive basis. These options are eligible to trade, as applicable, on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and/or other U.S. national security exchanges. Cboe Options is the Company s primary options market and offers trading in listed options through a single system that integrates electronic trading and traditional open outcry trading on the Cboe Options trading floor in Chicago. C2 Options, BZX Options, and EDGX Options are all-electronic options exchanges, and typically operate with different market models and fee structures than Cboe Options. The Options segment also includes applicable market data fees generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary options market data, index licensing, and access and capacity services. North American Equities. The North American Equities segment includes listed U.S. equities and ETP transaction services that occur on fully electronic exchanges owned and operated by BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, equities transactions that occur on the BIDS Trading platform, and Canadian equities and other transaction services that occur on or through the MATCHNow ATS, and NEO, as of the June 1, 2022 acquisition. The North American Equities segment also includes listing services on NEO Exchange, ETP listings on BZX, the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. common stock listing, applicable market data fees generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary equities market data, routing services, and access and capacity services. Europe and Asia Pacific. The Europe and Asia Pacific segment includes the pan-European listed equities and derivatives transaction services, ETPs, exchange-traded commodities, and international depository receipts that are hosted on MTFs operated by Cboe Europe Equities (Cboe Europe and Cboe NL equities exchanges) and Cboe Europe Derivatives CEDX ). It also includes the ETP listings business on RMs and clearing activities of Cboe Clear Europe, as well as the equities transaction services of Cboe Australia and Cboe Japan, operators of trading venues in Australia and Japan, respectively. This segment was previously referred to as the European Equities segment but was updated to the Europe segment in the first quarter of 2021 as a result of the launch of Cboe Europe Derivatives, a pan-European derivatives platform in September 2021. The segment was subsequently updated to Europe and Asia Pacific to reflect the acquisition of Chi-X in July 2021. Cboe Europe operates lit and dark books, a periodic auctions book, and Cboe BIDS 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Europe, a Large-in-Scale LIS trading negotiation facility for UK symbols. Cboe NL, launched in October 2019 and based in Amsterdam, operates similar business functionality to that offered by Cboe Europe, and provides for trading only in European Economic Area EEA symbols. The new Cboe Europe Derivatives venue offers futures and options based on Cboe Europe equity indices. This segment also includes Cboe Europe, Cboe NL, CEDX, Cboe Australia, and Cboe Japan revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. Futures. The Futures segment includes transaction services provided by CFE, a fully electronic futures exchange, which includes offerings for trading of VIX futures and other futures products, the licensing of proprietary market data, as well as access and capacity services. Global FX. The Global FX segment includes institutional FX trading services that occur on the Cboe FX fully electronic trading platform, non-deliverable forward FX transactions NDFs offered for execution on Cboe SEF and Cboe Swiss, transaction services that occur on the electronic trading system for U.S government securities executed by Cboe Fixed Income, as well as revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. Digital. The Digital segment includes Cboe Digital, an operator of a U.S. based digital asset spot market and a regulated futures exchange, and Cboe Clear Digital, a regulated clearinghouse, as well as revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. General Factors Affecting Results of Operations In broad terms, our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers, including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, the regulatory environment for capital markets, geopolitical events, tax policies, central bank policies and changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry. We believe our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends, including: trading volumes on our proprietary products such as VIX options and futures and SPX options; trading volumes in listed equity securities, options, futures, and ETPs in North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific, clearing volumes in listed equity securities and ETPs in Europe, volumes in listed equity options, volumes in digital assets, and volumes in institutional FX trading; the demand for and pricing structure of the U.S. tape plan market data distributed by the SIPs, which determines the pool size of the industry market data fees we receive based on our market share; consolidation and expansion of our customers and competitors in the industry; the demand for information about, or access to, our markets and products, which is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, quality and integrity of our proprietary indices, and the quality and pricing of our data and access and capacity services; continuing pressure in transaction fee pricing due to intense competition in the North American, European, and Asia Pacific markets; significant fluctuations in foreign currency translation rates or weakened value of currencies; and regulatory changes and obligations relating to market structure, digital assets and increased capital requirements, and those which affect certain types of instruments, transactions, products, pricing structures, capital market participants or reporting or compliance requirements. 
 A number of significant structural, political and monetary issues, global conflicts and global pandemics continue to confront the global economy, and instability could continue, resulting in an increased or subdued level of inflation, market volatility, supply chain constraints, changes in trading volumes and greater uncertainty. Inflationary increases in our expenses, such as compensation inflation, and increased costs related to CAT may have an adverse effect on our financial results. Components of Revenues Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, the Company updated the financial statement captions within its consolidated statements of income to better reflect the Company s diversified products, expansive geographical reach, and overall business strategy. The changes do not have a financial impact on the Company s reported revenue, revenues less cost of revenues, reported net income, or cash flows from operations. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 The components of revenues which include the above changes are described below: Cash and Spot Markets Revenue aggregated into cash and spot markets includes associated transaction and clearing fees, the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees, associated regulatory fees, and associated other revenue from the Company s North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Global FX, and Digital segments. Data and Access Solutions Revenue aggregated into data and access solutions includes access and capacity fees, proprietary market data fees, and associated other revenue across the Company s six segments. Derivatives Markets Includes associated transaction and clearing fees, the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees, associated regulatory fees, and associated other fees from the Company s Options, Futures, Europe and Asia Pacific, and Digital segments. Components of Cost of Revenues Liquidity Payments Liquidity payments are directly correlated to the volume of securities traded on our markets. As stated above, we record the liquidity rebates paid to market participants providing liquidity, in the case of C2, BZX, EDGX, and Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives, and Cboe Digital, as cost of revenue. BYX and EDGA offer a pricing model where we rebate liquidity takers for executing against an order resting on our book, which is also recorded as a cost of revenues. Routing and Clearing Various rules require that U.S. options and equities trade executions occur at the NBBO displayed by any exchange. Linkage order routing consists of the cost incurred to provide a service whereby Cboe equities and options exchanges deliver orders to other execution venues when there is a potential for obtaining a better execution price or when instructed to directly route an order to another venue by the order provider. The service affords exchange order flow providers an opportunity to obtain the best available execution price and may also result in cost benefits to those clients. Such an offering improves our competitive position and provides an opportunity to attract orders which would otherwise bypass our exchanges. We utilize third-party brokers or our broker-dealer, Cboe Trading, to facilitate such delivery. Also included within routing and clearing are the Order Management System and Execution Management System OMS and EMS , respectively) fees incurred for U.S. Equities Off-Exchange order execution, as well as settlement costs incurred for the settlement process executed by Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital. Section 31 Fees Exchanges under the authority of the SEC (Cboe Options, C2, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA as well as CFE to the extent that CFE offers trading in security futures products) are assessed fees pursuant to the Exchange Act designed to recover the costs to the U.S. government of supervision and regulation of securities markets and securities professionals. We treat these fees as a pass-through charge to customers executing eligible listed equities and listed equity options trades. Accordingly, we recognize the amount that we are charged under Section 31 as a cost of revenues and the corresponding amount that we charge our customers as regulatory transaction fees revenue. Since the regulatory transaction fees recorded in revenues are equal to the Section 31 fees recorded in cost of revenues, there is no impact on our operating income. Cboe Trading, Cboe Europe, Cboe NL, BIDS, MATCHNow, Cboe FX, Cboe Australia, Cboe Japan, Cboe Digital, and NEO are not U.S. national securities exchanges, and accordingly are not charged Section 31 fees. Royalty Fees and Other Cost of Revenues Royalty fees primarily consist of license fees paid by us for the use of underlying indices in our proprietary products usually based on contracts traded. The Company has licenses with the owners of the S P 500 Index, S P 100 Index and certain other S P indices, FTSE Russell indices, the DJIA, MSCI, and certain other index products. This category also 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 includes fees related to the dissemination of market data related to S P indices and other products through Cboe Streaming Market Indices CSMI ). Other cost of revenues primarily consists of interest expense from clearing operations, electronic access permit fees and other miscellaneous costs associated with other revenue. Components of Operating Expenses Compensation and Benefits Compensation and benefits represent our largest expense category and tend to be driven by our staffing requirements, financial performance, and the general dynamics of the employment market. Stock-based compensation is a non-cash expense related to equity awards. Stock-based compensation can vary depending on the quantity and fair value of the award on the date of grant and the related service period. Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense results from the depreciation of long-lived assets purchased, the amortization of purchased and internally developed software, and the amortization of intangible assets. Technology Support Services Technology support services consists primarily of costs related to the maintenance of computer equipment supporting our system architecture, circuits supporting our wide area network, support for production software, operating system license and support fees, fees paid to information vendors for displaying data and off-site system hosting fees. Professional Fees and Outside Services Professional fees and outside services consist primarily of consulting services, which include supplemental staff activities primarily related to systems development and maintenance, legal, regulatory and audit, and tax advisory services. Travel and Promotional Expenses Travel and promotional expenses primarily consist of advertising, costs for special events, sponsorship of industry conferences, options education seminars and travel-related expenses. Facilities Costs Facilities costs primarily consist of expenses related to owned and leased properties including rent, maintenance, utilities, real estate taxes and telecommunications costs. Acquisition-Related Costs Acquisition-related costs relate to acquisitions and other strategic opportunities. The acquisition-related costs include fees for investment banking advisors, lawyers, accountants, tax advisors, public relations firms, severance and retention costs, capitalized software and facilities, and other external costs directly related to the mergers and acquisitions. Goodwill Impairment Goodwill impairment consists of charges to impair goodwill of our reporting units if the carrying value exceeds the implied fair value. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Other Expenses Other expenses represent costs necessary to support our operations that are not already included in the above categories, including, but not limited to the impairment of digital assets held presented in intangible assets, net as part of the ordinary operations of the Digital segment and changes in contingent consideration. Non-Operating (Expenses) Income Income and expenses incurred through activities outside of our core operations are considered non-operating and are classified as other (expense) income. These activities primarily include interest earned on the investing of excess cash, interest expense related to outstanding debt facilities, dividend income, income and unrealized gains and losses related to investments held in a trust for the Company s non-qualified retirement and benefit plans, realized gains and losses related to the Company s previously held minority investments, equity earnings or losses from our investments in other business ventures, impairment of the Company s investments, investment establishment costs associated with new business ventures, and loan forgiveness provided under the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). See Note 12 Debt for additional information regarding the PPP. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following are summaries of changes in financial performance and include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Management uses these non-GAAP measures internally in conjunction with GAAP measures to help evaluate our performance and to help make financial and operational decisions. These non-GAAP financial measures assist management in comparing our performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision making by removing the impact of certain items management believes do not reflect our underlying operations. We believe our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency into financial measures used by management and is useful to investors for period-to-period comparisons of our ongoing operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are not presented in accordance with, or as an alternative to, GAAP financial measures and may be calculated differently from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. We encourage analysts, investors and other interested parties to use these non-GAAP measures as supplemental information to the GAAP financial measures included herein, including our consolidated financial statements, to enhance their analysis and understanding of our performance and in making comparisons. Please see the footnotes below for definitions, additional information, and reconciliations from the closest GAAP measure. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Overview The following summarizes changes in financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022: (1) These are Non-GAAP figures for which reconciliations are provided below (in millions, except percentages, earnings per share, and as noted below). 

Year Ended December 31, Increase/ Percent 2022 2021 (Decrease) Change Total revenues 3,958.5 3,494.8 463.7 13 Total cost of revenues 2,216.8 2,018.7 198.1 10 Revenues less cost of revenues 1,741.7 1,476.1 265.6 18 Total operating expenses 1,252.1 670.2 581.9 87 Operating income 489.6 805.9 (316.3) (39) Income before income tax provision 432.9 756.1 (323.2) (43) Income tax provision 197.9 227.1 (29.2) (13) Net income 235.0 529.0 (294.0) (56) Basic earnings per share 2.20 4.93 (2.73) (55) Diluted earnings per share 2.19 4.92 (2.73) (55) Organic net revenue (1) 1,713.0 1,476.1 236.9 16 EBITDA (2) 655.2 969.2 (314.0) (32) EBITDA margin (3) 37.6 65.7 (28.1) Adjusted EBITDA (2) 1,135.6 987.1 148.5 15 Adjusted EBITDA margin (4) 65.2 66.9 (1.7) Adjusted earnings (5) 739.8 648.8 91.0 14 Adjusted earnings margin (5) 42.5 44.0 (1.5) Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 106.7 107.2 (0.5) (0) Adjusted Diluted earnings per share (6) 6.93 6.05 0.88 15 

 Not meaningful 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 (1) Organic net revenue is defined as revenues less cost of revenues excluding revenues less cost of revenues of any acquisition that has been owned for less than one year. Revenues from acquisitions that have been owned at least one year are considered organic and are no longer excluded from organic net revenue from either period for comparative purposes. Organic net revenue does not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to revenues less cost of revenues, or net revenue, as determined in accordance with GAAP. We have presented organic net revenue because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our performance and we use it as the basis for monitoring our operating financial performance before the effects of acquisitions. We also believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. We believe that investors may find this non-GAAP measure useful in evaluating our performance compared to that of peer companies in our industry. Other companies may calculate organic net revenue differently than we do. Organic net revenue has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues less cost of revenues 1,741.7 1,476.1 Recent acquisitions: Acquisition revenues less cost of revenues (28.7) Organic net revenue 1,713.0 1,476.1 (2) EBITDA is defined as income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA before acquisition-related costs, impairment of investment, gain on investment, investment establishment costs, impairment of goodwill, loan forgiveness, and change in contingent consideration. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA do not represent, and should not be considered as, alternatives to net income as determined in accordance with GAAP. We have presented EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA because we consider them important supplemental measures of our performance and believe that they are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. In addition, we use adjusted EBITDA as a measure of operating performance for preparation of our forecasts and evaluating our leverage ratio for the debt to earnings covenant included in our outstanding credit facility. Other companies may calculate EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA differently than we do. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. (3) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. (4) Adjusted EBITDA margin represents adjusted EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. (5) Adjusted earnings is defined as net income adjusted for amortization of purchased intangibles, acquisition-related costs, impairment of investment, gain on investment, investment establishment costs, impairment of goodwill, loan forgiveness, certain tax reserve changes, deferred tax re-measurements, change in contingent consideration, and net income or loss allocated to participating securities, net of the income tax effects of these adjustments. Adjusted earnings does not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to net income, as determined in accordance with GAAP. We have presented adjusted earnings because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our performance and we use it as the basis for monitoring our own core operating financial performance relative to other operators of exchanges. We also believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. We believe that investors may find this non-GAAP measure useful in evaluating our performance compared to that of peer companies in our industry. Other companies may calculate adjusted earnings differently than we do. Adjusted earnings has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. (6) Adjusted diluted earnings per share represents adjusted earnings divided by diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 

 71 

Table of Contents 
 The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2022 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Corporate Total Net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders 478.1 125.9 22.8 12.8 9.1 (369.7) (44.9) 234.1 Interest expense (income), net (0.4) 8.0 (0.4) 49.2 56.4 Income tax provision (benefit) 260.7 20.5 6.8 42.4 0.1 (119.0) (13.6) 197.9 Depreciation and amortization 26.5 74.1 37.0 2.6 21.9 4.7 166.8 EBITDA 765.3 220.1 74.6 57.8 30.7 (484.0) (9.3) 655.2 Acquisition-related costs 3.9 3.6 9.5 2.9 19.9 Impairment of investment 10.6 10.6 Loan forgiveness (1.3) (1.3) Gain on investment (7.5) (7.5) Goodwill impairment 460.9 460.9 Investment establishment costs 3.0 3.0 Change in contingent consideration (5.2) (5.2) Adjusted EBITDA 765.3 218.8 78.2 57.8 30.7 (14.9) (0.3) 1,135.6 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Corporate Total Net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders 364.7 133.5 18.6 34.9 2.6 (27.0) 527.3 Interest expense, net 12.4 35.0 47.4 Income tax provision (benefit) 171.3 22.1 26.5 30.9 (23.7) 227.1 Depreciation and amortization 29.4 75.7 35.1 2.9 24.3 167.4 EBITDA 565.4 231.3 92.6 68.7 26.9 (15.7) 969.2 Acquisition-related costs 0.3 2.8 1.4 11.1 15.6 Impairment of investment 5.0 5.0 Change in contingent consideration (2.7) (2.7) Adjusted EBITDA 565.7 231.4 94.0 68.7 26.9 0.4 987.1 The following is a reconciliation of net income allocated to common stockholders to adjusted earnings (in millions): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income allocated to common stockholders 234.1 527.3 Amortization 124.3 126.6 Acquisition-related costs 19.9 15.6 Impairment of investment 10.6 5.0 Loan forgiveness (1.3) Gain on investment (7.5) Goodwill impairment 460.9 Investment establishment costs 3.0 Change in contingent consideration (5.2) (2.7) Increase (release) of tax reserves 48.5 (5.4) Tax effect of adjustments (143.7) (31.8) Deferred tax re-measurements (2.0) 14.6 Net income allocated to participating securities (1.8) (0.4) Adjusted earnings 739.8 648.8 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 The following summarizes changes in certain operational and financial metrics for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 The following table includes operational and financial metrics for our Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, and Global FX segments. The metrics listed for Canadian Equities in the table below include NEO as a result of the acquisition completed during 2022. Therefore, the metrics shown in the table below in Canadian Equities do not include NEO for the periods preceding the acquisition. The following summarizes changes in certain operational and financial metrics for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, Increase/ Percent 2022 2021 (Decrease) Change (in millions, except percentages, trading days, and as noted below) Options: Average daily volume (ADV) (in millions of contracts): Market ADV 41.1 39.2 1.9 5 Total touched contracts (1) 13.6 12.1 1.5 13 Multi-listed contract ADV 10.8 10.1 0.7 7 Index contract ADV 2.8 2.0 0.8 44 Number of trading days 251 252 (1) (0) Total Options revenue per contract (RPC) (2) 0.234 0.192 0.042 22 Multi-listed options RPC (2) 0.063 0.067 (0.004) (6) Index options RPC (2) 0.879 0.832 0.047 6 Total Options market share 33.2 30.8 2.4 Multi-listed options market share 28.2 27.1 1.1 North American Equities: U.S. Equities: U.S. Equities - Exchange: ADV: Total touched shares (in billions) (1) 1.7 1.7 (1) Market ADV (in billions) 11.9 11.4 0.5 4 Market share 13.6 14.2 (0.6) U.S. Equities - Exchange (net capture per one hundred touched shares) (3) 0.021 0.020 0.001 7 U.S. ETPs: launches (number of launches) 80 117 (37) (32) U.S. ETPs: listings (number of listings) 592 539 53 10 U.S. Equities - Off-Exchange: ADV: Total touched shares (in millions) (1) 90.4 83.0 7.4 9 U.S. Equities - Off-Exchange (net capture per one hundred touched shares) (4) 0.113 0.120 (0.007) (6) Trading days 251 252 (1) (0) Canadian Equities: ADV (matched shares, in millions) (5) 91.8 49.4 42.4 86 Trading days 250 251 (1) (0) Net capture (per 10,000 touched shares, in Canadian dollars) (6) 4.966 7.822 (2.856) (37) Europe and Asia Pacific: European Equities: ADNV: Matched ADNV (in billions) (7) 10.8 7.7 3.1 41 Market ADNV (in billions) 46.2 42.6 3.6 8 Trading days 257 258 (1) (0) Market share 23.5 18.1 5.4 Net capture (per matched notional value in basis points) (8) 0.231 0.267 (0.036) (14) Cboe Clear Europe: Trades cleared (9) 1,493.3 1,244.2 249.1 20 Fee per trade cleared (10) 0.009 0.011 (0.002) (17) European equities market share cleared (11) 32.7 29.6 3.1 Net settlement volume (12) 10.3 9.9 0.4 4 Net fee per settlement (13) 0.881 0.871 0.010 1 Australian Equities: ADNV (AUD billions) 0.8 0.8 2 Trading days 253 130 123 95 Market share - Continuous 16.6 15.9 0.7 Net capture (per matched notional value in basis points) (14) 0.164 0.172 (0.008) (5) Japanese Equities: ADNV (JPY billions) 142.9 100.1 42.8 43 Trading days 244 123 121 98 Market share - Lit Continuous 3.6 2.7 0.9 Net capture (per matched notional value in basis points) (15) 0.252 0.361 (0.109) (30) Futures: ADV (in thousands) 218.2 230.4 (12.2) (5) Trading days 251 252 (1) (0) Revenue per contract 1.674 1.641 0.033 2 Global FX: ADNV (in billions) 40.9 33.9 7.0 21 Market share 17.6 16.6 1.0 Trading days 260 260 Net capture (per one million dollars traded) (16) 2.69 2.73 (0.04) (1) Average British pound/U.S. dollar exchange rate 1.237 1.375 (0.138) (10) Average Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar exchange rate 0.769 0.798 (0.029) (4) Average Euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate 1.054 1.183 (0.129) (11) Average Euro/British pound exchange rate 0.852 0.860 (0.008) (1) Average Australian dollar/U.S. dollar exchange rate 0.694 0.726 (0.032) (4) Average Japanese Yen/U.S. dollar exchange rate 0.008 0.009 (0.001) (14) 

 Not meaningful Note, the percent change listed represents the change in the unrounded metrics figures. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 (1) Touched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs internally matched on our exchanges or routed to and executed on an external market center. (2) Average revenue per contract, for options and futures represents total net transaction fees recognized for the period divided by total contracts traded during the period. (3) Net capture per one hundred touched shares refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA and the number of trading days. (4) Net capture per 100 touched shares refers to transaction fees less order and execution management system (OMS/EMS) fees and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BIDS Trading and the number of trading days for the period. (5) Matched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs activity executed on our exchanges. (6) Net capture per 10,000 touched shares refers to transaction fees divided by the product of one-ten thousandth ADV of shares for NEO and MATCHNow and the number of trading days. (7) Matched ADNV represents the average daily notional value of shares or contracts executed on our exchanges. (8) Net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in British pounds divided by the product of ADNV in British pounds of shares matched on Cboe Europe Equities and the number of trading days. (9) Trades cleared refers to the total number of non-interoperable trades cleared. (10) Fee per trade cleared refers to clearing fees divided by number of non-interoperable trades cleared. (11) European Equities market share cleared represents Cboe Clear Europe s client volume cleared divided by the total volume of the publicly reported European venues. (12) Net settlement volume refers to the total number of settlements executed after netting. (13) Net fee per settlement refers to settlement fees less direct costs incurred to settle divided by the number of settlements executed after netting. (14) Net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Australian dollars divided by the product of ADNV in Australian dollars of shares matched on Cboe Australia and the number of Australian Equities trading days. (15) Net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Japanese Yen divided by the product of ADNV in Japanese Yen of shares matched on Cboe Japan and the number of Japanese Equities trading days. (16) Net capture per one million dollars traded refers to net transaction fees less liquidity payments, if any, divided by the Spot and SEF products of one-thousandth of ADNV traded on the Cboe FX Markets and the number of trading days, divided by two, which represents the buyer and seller that are both charged on the transaction. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 463.7 million, or 13 , compared to the prior period primarily due to higher revenue across all revenue captions as a result of increased volumes traded on the Options and European Equities exchanges, an increase in the Section 31 fee rate following a rate increase that was effective on May 14, 2022, an increase in data and access solutions revenue primarily related to an increase in access and capacity fees in the Options and North American Equities segments, and additional revenues attributable to acquisitions made in 2022 and the later half of 2021. The following summarizes changes in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, Increase/ Percent 2022 2021 (Decrease) Change Cash and spot markets 1,777.6 1,660.5 117.1 7 Data and access solutions 497.0 427.7 69.3 16 Derivatives markets 1,683.9 1,406.6 277.3 20 Total revenues 3,958.5 3,494.8 463.7 13 Cash and Spot Markets Cash and spot markets revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in regulatory fees and transaction and clearing fees, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. Regulatory fees increased primarily due to an 109 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 7.80 per million dollars of covered sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 to an average rate of 16.30 per million dollars of covered sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. Transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to a 41 increase in European Equities matched ADNV, additional transaction and clearing fees attributable to NEO, which was acquired in second quarter of 2022, and a 21 increase in Global FX ADNV, partially offset by a 1 decrease in total touched shares on the U.S. Equities exchanges, a 17 decrease in the fee per trade cleared by Cboe Clear Europe, and adverse changes in foreign currency rates, most notably Euro and British Pounds, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior period. Industry market data fees decreased primarily due to a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue as a result of a 1 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges. Data and Access Solutions Data and access solutions revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in access and capacity fees and proprietary market data fees. Access and capacity fees increased primarily due to increased logical and physical port fees in the Options and North American Equities segments driven by an increase in subscribers, coupled with an increase in access and membership fees across the Europe and Asia Pacific and Options segments driven by an increase in subscribers. Proprietary market data fees increased primarily due to proprietary market data attributable to Cboe Asia Pacific, which was acquired in the third quarter of 2021, and NEO. Derivatives Markets Derivatives markets revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in transaction and clearing fees and regulatory fees. Transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to a 44 increase in index options ADV and a 7 increase in multi-listed options ADV, partially offset by a 5 decrease in Futures ADV. Regulatory fees increased primarily due to a 109 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 7.80 per million dollars of covered sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 to an average rate of 16.30 per million dollars of covered sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of Revenues The following tables reconcile the cost of revenues captions presented on the consolidated statements of income to the updated net revenue captions discussed in Note 1 Nature of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (in millions): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Liquidity payments 1,024.0 646.2 1,670.2 Routing and clearing fees 56.0 27.2 83.2 Section 31 fees 276.8 53.0 329.8 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 14.1 9.2 110.3 133.6 Total cost of revenues 1,370.9 9.2 836.7 2,216.8 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Liquidity payments 1,025.4 625.3 1,650.7 Routing and clearing fees 65.2 22.6 87.8 Section 31 fees 159.7 19.9 179.6 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 14.3 8.4 77.9 100.6 Total cost of revenues 1,264.6 8.4 745.7 2,018.7 Cost of revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased cash and spot markets and derivatives markets costs of revenues driven by an increase in Section 31 fees as a result of an increase in the Section 31 fee rate, coupled with an increase in royalty fees and an increase in liquidity payments driven by an increase in volumes traded on the Options and European Equities exchanges. The following summarizes changes in the disaggregated cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, Increase/ Percent 2022 2021 (Decrease) Change Liquidity payments 1,670.2 1,650.7 19.5 1 Routing and clearing 83.2 87.8 (4.6) (5) Section 31 fees 329.8 179.6 150.2 84 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 133.6 100.6 33.0 33 Total 2,216.8 2,018.7 198.1 10 Liquidity Payments Liquidity payments increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in volumes traded on the Options and European Equities exchanges, partially offset by a decrease in volumes traded on the U.S Equities exchanges. Routing and Clearing Routing and clearing fees decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in routed shares on the U.S. Equities exchanges and adverse changes in foreign currency rates, most notably Euro and British Pounds, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior period, partially offset by an increase in routed trades on the Options exchanges. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Section 31 Fees Section 31 fees increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 109 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 7.80 per million dollars of covered sales in 2021 to an average rate of 16.30 per million dollars of covered sales in 2022. Royalty Fees and Other Cost of Revenues Royalty fees increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in trading volumes of licensed products in the Options segment. Revenues Less Cost of Revenues Revenues less cost of revenues increased 265.6 million, or 18 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in derivatives markets revenue less cost of revenues attributable to an increase in volumes traded on the Options exchanges, an increase in access and capacity fees in the Options and North American Equities segments, and additional revenues less cost of revenues attributable t o acquisitions made in 2022 and the latter half of 2021. T he following summarizes the components of revenues less cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, presented as a percentage of revenues less cost of revenues and compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except percentages): 

Percentage of Revenues Less Cost of Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Cash and spot markets 406.7 395.9 3 23 27 Data and access solutions 487.8 419.3 16 28 28 Derivatives markets 847.2 660.9 28 49 45 Revenues less cost of revenues 1,741.7 1,476.1 18 100 100 Cash and Spot Markets Cash and spot markets revenues less cost of revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in transaction and clearing fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs net transaction and clearing fees in the Global FX and Europe and Asia Pacific segments, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. Net transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to a 21 increase in Global FX ADNV, 41 increase in European Equities matched ADNV, and net transaction and clearing fees attributable to Cboe Asia Pacific and NEO, partially offset by a 1 decrease in total touched shares on the U.S. Equities exchanges and adverse changes in foreign currency rates, most notably Euro and British Pounds, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior period. Industry market data fees decreased primarily due to a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue driven by a 1 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges. Data and Access Solutions Data and access solutions revenues less cost of revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in access and capacity fees and proprietary market data fees. Access and capacity fees increased primarily due to increased logical and physical port fees in the Options and North American Equities segments driven by an increase in subscribers, coupled with an increase in access and membership fees across the Europe and Asia Pacific and Options segments, also driven by an increase in subscribers. Proprietary market data fees increased primarily due to proprietary market data attributable to Cboe Asia Pacific and NEO . 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Derivatives Markets Derivatives markets revenues less cost of revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in transaction and clearing fees primarily due to a 44 increase in index options ADV, partially offset by a 5 decrease in Futures ADV and an increase in royalty fees due to an increase in trading volumes of licensed products in the Options segment. Operating Expenses For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, total operating expenses increased primarily due to goodwill impairment recorded in 2022 and an increase in compensation and benefits compared to the prior period. The following summarizes changes in operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, Increase/ Percent 2022 2021 (Decrease) Change Compensation and benefits 363.0 288.5 74.5 26 Depreciation and amortization 166.8 167.4 (0.6) (0) Technology support services 77.7 66.7 11.0 16 Professional fees and outside services 89.0 83.7 5.3 6 Travel and promotional expenses 23.7 9.7 14.0 144 Facilities costs 25.1 22.2 2.9 13 Acquisition-related costs 19.9 15.6 4.3 28 Goodwill impairment 460.9 460.9 Other expenses 26.0 16.4 9.6 59 Total operating expenses 1,252.1 670.2 581.9 87 

 Not meaningful Compensation and Benefits Compensation and benefits increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 66.1 million increase in salaries, wages, and bonuses, driven by a 24.3 million increase in salaries and wages as a result of merit, cost-of-labor increases, and increased headcount excluding acquisitions, as well as a 23.0 million increase in bonuses from strong Company performance year to date, resulting in higher short-term incentive bonus expense, coupled with an 18.8 million increase related to the acquisitions of Cboe Digital, Cboe Asia Pacific, and NEO. Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization was relatively flat for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to an increase in depreciation expense related to the acquisitions of Cboe Asia Pacific, Cboe Digital, and NEO, as well as an increase in depreciation expense related to the former headquarters location, which was not subject to depreciation during four months in 2021, as it was classified as held for sale from May 1, 2019 until May 1, 2021, offset by a decline in amortization under the discounted cash flow method for the intangibles acquired in the Bats acquisition. Technology Support Services Technology support services costs increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in technology support services, including software maintenance support service fees, software licenses and subscriptions, cloud services, and hardware maintenance, partially offset by a decrease in purchased hardware and equipment and purchased software. Professional Fees and Outside Services Professional and outside services fees increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in regulatory costs driven by an increase in CAT expense, as well as 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 increases in consulting fees, recruiting fees, contract services, and external audit fees, partially offset by a decrease in legal fees. Travel and Promotional Expenses Travel and promotional expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in marketing expenses driven by product promotions and an increase in travel expenses due to changes in travel guidelines following the COVID-19 pandemic. Facilities Costs Facilities costs increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in rent expense related to the new Amsterdam lease that commenced in February 2022 and additional office space in London that commenced in March 2022, along with additional office locations following acquisitions in 2021 and 2022. Acquisition-Related Costs Acquisition-related costs increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due an increase in general and administrative costs associated with the acquisitions of Cboe Digital and NEO. Goodwill Impairment Goodwill impairment increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to impairment recognized in the Digital segment in the second quarter of 2022. Other Expenses Other expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased charitable contributions, an increase in VAT taxes, and expenses associated with hosting the Cboe Risk Management Conference. Operating Income As a result of the items above, operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 489.6 million, compared to operating income of 805.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 316.3 million. Interest Expense, Net Net interest expense increased for the year ended De cember 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to additional interest expense incurred in connection with the 3.000 Senior Notes issued at the end of the first quarter of 2022, coupled with additional interest expense incurred in connection with the additional borrowings on the Term Loan in the second quarter of 2022, as well as an increase in the SOFR rate, partially offset by principal repayments on the Term Loan and a decrease in interest expense related to the Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility, which was amended and restated in June 2022. Other (Expense) Income, Net Net other expense decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 7.5 million gain on the Company s previous minority ownership of ErisX, which increased in fair value as a result of the Company s acquisition of Cboe Digital, recorded in the second quarter of 2022, coupled with a 5.0 million impairment adjustment recorded in 2021 related to the Company s previously held investment in Curve Global, which did not recur in 2022, and a 4.2 million unrealized gain on the Company s investment in 7Ridge Fund (which owns Trading Technologies) as part of a semi-annual valuation update recorded in 2022, partially offset by a 10.6 million impairment adjustment on the Company s investment in American Financial Exchange, LLC recorded in 2022. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Income Before Income Tax Provision As a result of the above, income before income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 432.9 million compared to income before income tax provision of 756.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 323.2 million. Income Tax Provision For the year ended December 31, 2022, the income tax provision was 197.9 million compared to 227.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 29.2 million, primarily due to a decrease in income before income tax provision, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 45.7 , compared to a rate of 30.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher effective tax rate in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the derecognition of the Company s Section 199 tax benefits for the tax years 2008 through 2016 upon the unfavorable decision by the United States Tax Court in the matter of Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, on March 31, 2022. The following table summarizes the non-GAAP calculation of the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 GAAP effective tax rate 45.7 Tax effect of goodwill impairment (8.5) Tax effect of Section 199 related matters (5.5) Effective tax rate excluding goodwill impairment and Section 199 matters 31.7 Net Income As a result of the items above, net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 235.0 million, or 14 of revenues less cost of revenues, compared to 529.0 million, or 36 of revenues less cost of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 294.0 million, or 56 . Segment Operating Results We report results from our six segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital. Segment performance is primarily based on operating income (loss). We have aggregated all corporate costs, as well as other business ventures, within Corporate Items and Eliminations as those activities should not be used to evaluate a segment s operating performance. All operating expenses that relate to activities of a specific segment have been allocated to that segment. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 The following summarizes our total revenues by segment (in millions, except percentages): 

Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Options 1,823.2 1,505.0 21 46 43 North American Equities 1,681.7 1,570.5 7 42 45 Europe and Asia Pacific 264.6 240.3 10 7 7 Futures 119.8 120.6 (1) 3 3 Global FX 68.9 58.1 19 2 2 Digital 0.3 Corporate 0.3 (100) Total revenues 3,958.5 3,494.8 13 100 100 

 Not meaningful 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 The following summarizes our revenues less cost of revenues by segment (in millions, except percentages): Percentage of Total Revenues less Cost of Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Options 983.2 755.0 30 56 51 North American Equities 378.9 362.5 5 22 25 Europe and Asia Pacific 196.1 183.9 7 11 12 Futures 116.0 116.8 (1) 7 8 Global FX 67.9 57.6 18 4 4 Digital (0.4) Corporate 0.3 (100) Total revenues less cost of revenues 1,741.7 1,476.1 18 100 100 

 Not meaningful 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Options The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA and EBITDA margin for our Options segment (in millions, except percentages) : 

Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Revenues less cost of revenues 983.2 755.0 30 54 50 Operating expenses 242.7 217.0 12 13 14 Operating income 740.5 538.0 38 41 36 EBITDA (1) 765.3 565.4 35 42 38 EBITDA margin (2) 77.8 74.9 

 Not meaningful (1) See footnote (2) to the table under Overview above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 228.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a 44 increase in index options ADV, coupled with an 6 increase in index options net capture and an increase in logical port fees, partially offset by an increase in royalty fees driven by an increase in trading volumes of licensed products. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating income for the Options segment increased 202.5 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 25.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits and travel and promotional expenses, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. North American Equities The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA and EBITDA margin for our North American Equities segment (in millions, except percentages) : 

Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Revenues less cost of revenues 378.9 362.5 5 23 23 Operating expenses 232.3 206.4 13 14 13 Operating income 146.6 156.1 (6) 9 10 EBITDA (1) 220.1 231.3 (5) 13 15 EBITDA margin (2) 58.1 63.8 

 Not meaningful (1) See footnote (2) to the table under Overview above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 16.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to additional revenue attributable to NEO, coupled with an increase in access and capacity fees driven by an increase in physical and logical port fees and a 7 increase in U.S. Equities net capture, partially offset by a 1 decrease in total touched shares on U.S. Equities exchanges and a decrease in industry market data fees as a result of a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue due to a 1 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating income for the North American Equities segment 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 decreased 9.5 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in operating expenses, partially offset by an increase in revenues less cost of revenues . Operating expenses increased 25.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, travel and promotional expenses, professional fees and outside services, and technology support services, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. Europe and Asia Pacific The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA and EBITDA margin for our Europe and Asia Pacific segment (in millions, except percentages): 

Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Revenues less cost of revenues 196.1 183.9 7 74 77 Operating expenses 158.0 127.9 24 60 53 Operating income 38.1 56.0 (32) 14 23 EBITDA (1) 74.6 92.6 (19) 28 39 EBITDA margin (2) 38.0 50.4 

 Not meaningful (1) See footnote (2) to the table under Overview above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 12.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to additional revenue attributed to Cboe Asia Pacific, coupled with an increase in transaction and clearing fees as a result of a 41 increase in European Equities matched ADNV, driven by a 5 increase in European Equities market share, partially offset by a 17 decrease in the fee per trade cleared by Cboe Clear Europe. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating income for the Europe and Asia Pacific segment decreased 17.9 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in operating expenses, partially offset by an increase revenues less cost of revenues. Operating expenses increased 30.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, other expenses, technology support services, facilities costs, depreciation and amortization, and travel and promotional expenses. Operating income was adversely impacted for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior period by changes in foreign currency rates, most notably Euros and British Pounds. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Futures The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our Futures segment (in millions, except percentages) : 

Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Revenues less cost of revenues 116.0 116.8 (1) 97 97 Operating expenses 60.8 50.8 20 51 42 Operating income 55.2 66.0 (16) 46 55 EBITDA (1) 57.8 68.7 (16) 48 57 EBITDA margin (2) 49.8 58.8 

 Not meaningful (1) See footnote (2) to the table under Overview above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues decreased 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due a decline in transaction and clearing fees as a result of a 5 decrease in ADV, coupled with a decrease in membership fees and logical port fees, partially offset by an increase in physical port fees, an increase in proprietary market data revenue, and a 2 increase in net capture. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating income for the Futures segment decreased 10.8 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, travel and promotional expenses, and other expenses, partially offset by a decrease in professional fees and outside services. Global FX The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA and EBITDA margin for our Global FX segment (in millions, except percentages): 

Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, Percent December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Revenues less cost of revenues 67.9 57.6 18 99 99 Operating expenses 59.1 54.9 8 86 94 Operating income 8.8 2.7 226 13 5 EBITDA (1) 30.7 26.9 14 45 46 EBITDA margin (2) 45.2 46.7 

 Not meaningful (1) See footnote (2) to the table under Overview above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a 21 increase in ADNV, partially offset by a 1 decrease in net capture. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating income for the Global FX segment increased 6.1 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses . Operating expenses increased 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, facilities costs, technology support services, and professional fees and outside services, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. Digital The foll owing summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating loss, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our Digital segment (in millions, except percentages): 

Percentage of Total Revenues Year Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2022 Revenues less cost of revenues (0.4) Operating expenses 491.0 Operating income (loss) (491.4) EBITDA (1) (484.0) EBITDA margin (2) 

 Not meaningful (1) See footnote (2) to the table under Overview above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. The Digital segment was established in the second quarter of 2022 following the acquisition of ErisX, which was subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital. Cost of revenues exceeded revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to liquidity payments on spot and futures transactions, partially offset by transaction and clearing fees attributable to spot transactions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Digital segment had an operating loss of 491.4 million, primarily due to 460.9 million impairment of goodwill. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Below are charts that reflect elements of our capital allocation: We expect our cash on hand at December 31, 2022 and other available resources, including cash generated from operations, to be sufficient to continue to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. In the near term, we expect that our cash from operations and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility, and potentially participating in future financing transactions to obtain additional capital will meet our cash needs to fund our operations, capital expenditures, interest payments on debt, debt repayments, such as under the Term Loan Agreement, which matures on December 15, 2023, any dividends, potential strategic acquisitions, opportunities for common stock repurchases under the previously announced program, and payouts related to the unfavorable decision in the Section 199 litigation. See Note 12 Debt to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Cboe Clear Europe also has a 1.25 billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility agreement with Cboe Clear Europe as borrower and the Company as guarantor of scheduled interest and fees on borrowings (but not the principal amount of any borrowings) (the Facility ). The Facility is available to be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through Cboe Clear Europe s clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement of Cboe Clear Europe incurred in the operation of its clearing system. Borrowings under the Facility are secured by cash, eligible bonds and eligible equity assets deposited by Cboe Clear Europe into secured accounts. As a result, should the Facility be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe it could potentially impact Cboe Clear Europe s liquidity, and we can give no assurance that this Facility will be sufficient to meet all of such obligations or sufficiently mitigate Cboe Clear Europe s liquidity risk to meet its payment obligations when due. Additionally, a default of the Facility may allow lenders, under certain circumstances, to accelerate any related drawn amounts and may result in the acceleration of the Company s other outstanding debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which may limit the Company s liquidity, business and financing activities. The Facility was amended on June 30, 2022, which extended the term of the facility through June 29, 2023. Please refer to Note 12 Debt for further information on the amendment. Our long-term cash needs will depend on many factors, including an introduction of new products, enhancements of current products, the geographic mix of our business and any potential acquisitions. We believe our cash from operations and the availability under our Revolving Credit Facility will meet any long-term needs unless a significant acquisition or acquisitions are identified, in which case we expect that we would be able to borrow the necessary funds and/or issue additional shares of our common stock to complete such acquisition(s). 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in banks and all non-restricted, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 increased 90.8 million from December 31, 2021 primarily due to additional borrowings on the Term Loan Agreement, issuance of the 3.000 Senior Notes in the first quarter of 2022, and results of operations, partially offset by acquisitions, net of cash acquired and repayments on the Term Loan Agreement. See Cash Flow below for further discussion. Our cash and cash equivalents held outside of the United States in various foreign subsidiaries totaled 226.1 million and 185.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining balance was held in the United States and totaled 206.6 million and 156.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority of cash held outside the United States is available for repatriation, but under current law, could subject us to additional United States income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. See Note 18 Regulatory Capital for information regarding cash held for purposes of regulatory capital requirements. Our financial investments include deferred compensation plan assets as well as investments with original or acquired maturities longer than three months but that mature in less than one year from the balance sheet date and are recorded at fair value. As of December 31, 2022, financial investments primarily consisted of U.S. Treasury securities and deferred compensation plan assets. Cash Flow The following table summarizes our cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 651.1 596.8 1,458.8 Net cash used in investing activities (835.1) (352.7) (430.5) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 81.7 (200.3) (201.7) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents (10.0) (9.1) 1.6 (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents (112.3) 34.7 828.2 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents 432.7 341.9 245.4 Restricted cash and cash equivalents (margin deposits and clearing funds) 530.3 745.9 812.1 Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in other current assets) 4.2 4.4 Customer bank deposits (included in margin deposits and clearing funds) 12.7 Total 979.9 1,092.2 1,057.5 Net Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 416.1 million higher than net income. The variance is primarily attributable to the adjustment for goodwill impairment of 460.9 million, the adjustment for depreciation and amortization expense of 166.8 million, and the change in Section 31 fees payable of 106.3 million, partially offset by the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents of 217.5 million, driven by the change in margin and clearing funds related to Cboe Clear Europe for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the benefit for deferred income taxes of 155.7 million. Net cash flows provided by operating activities were 651.1 million and 596.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in net cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to the adjustment for goodwill impairment and the change in Section 31 fees payable, partially offset by the change in net income, the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents, driven by margin deposits and clearing funds related to Cboe Clear Europe, the change in benefit for deferred income taxes, and the change in accounts receivable. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 67.8 million higher than net income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The variance is primarily attributable to the adjustment for depreciation and amortization expense of 167.4 million, the change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 45.0 million, and the change in unrecognized tax benefits of 33.2 million, partially offset by the change in Section 31 fees payable of 112.1 million and the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents, driven by a 66.2 million decrease in margin deposits and clearing funds related to Cboe Clear Europe for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by operating activities was 596.8 million and 1,458.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The change in net cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents, driven by margin deposits and clearing funds related to Cboe Clear Europe, as well as the change in Section 31 fees payable, partially offset by the change in accounts receivable, the change in net income, the change in the bargain purchase gain, and the change in provision for deferred income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Net Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of acquisitions, net of cash acquired of 708.3 million, purchases of available-for-sale financial investments of 104.7 million, and purchases of property and equipment and leasehold improvements of 59.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale financial investments of 51.2 million. Net cash flows used in investing activities were 835.1 million and 352.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The variance is primarily due to the change in acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and the change in proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale financial investments, partially offset by the change in contributions to investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of contributions to investments of 209.8 million, acquisitions, net of cash acquired of 151.5 million, and purchases of available-for-sale financial investments of 101.2 million, partially offset by proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale financial investments of 160.2 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of 60.0 million to 66.0 million, reflecting expenditures associated with the Company s ongoing capacity and technology-related investments, as well as continued integration of Cboe Asia Pacific and global expansion of data and access solutions. Net Cash Flows Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of proceeds from the long-term debt issuance of 663.6 million, partially offset by principal repayments of long-term debt of 220.0 million, cash dividends on common stock, share repurchases, and payments of contingent consideration related to acquisitions. Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities were 81.7 million and 200.3) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The variance is primarily due to proceeds from the long-term debt issuance, partially offset by principal repayments of long-term debt, the change in payments of contingent consideration related to acquisitions, the change in share repurchases, and the change in cash dividends on common stock. Net cash flows used in financing activities totaled 200.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities primarily consisted of cash dividends paid on common stock of 193.3 million and share repurchases of 81.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from long-term debt of 110.0 million. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received proceeds from long-term debt of 493.7 million, of which 70.0 million was used to pay down the revolving credit facility draw taken in the third quarter of 2020, repurchased 349.1 million of common stock, paid dividends totaling 170.6 million, and paid down 155.0 million of long-term debt. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Assets The following summarizes our financial assets excluding margin deposits and clearing funds as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions): 

As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents 432.7 341.9 245.4 Financial investments 91.7 37.1 92.4 Less deferred compensation plan assets (27.5) (28.0) (24.5) Less cash collected for Section 31 fees (93.7) (25.9) (103.0) Adjusted cash (1) 403.2 325.1 210.3 

 (1) Adjusted cash is a non-GAAP measure and represents cash and cash equivalents plus financial investments, minus deferred compensation plan assets and cash collected for Section 31 fees. We have presented adjusted cash because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our liquidity and believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. 
 Debt The following summarizes our debt obligations as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions): 

As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Term Loan Agreement 305.0 160.0 70.0 3.650 Senior Notes 650.0 650.0 650.0 1.625 Senior Notes 500.0 500.0 500.0 3.000 Senior Notes 300.0 Revolving Credit Agreement Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility Less unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (13.0) (10.7) (16.1) Total debt 1,742.0 1,299.3 1,203.9 At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants of our debt agreements. In addition to the debt outstanding, as of December 31, 2022, we had an additional 400.0 million available through our revolving credit facility, with the ability to borrow another 200.0 million by increasing the commitments under the facility. Together with adjusted cash, we had 1.0 billion available to fund our operations, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, debt repayments and any dividends, net of regulatory capital requirements, as of December 31, 2022. Dividends The Company s expectation is to continue to pay dividends. The decision to pay a dividend, however, remains within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and may be affected by various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other considerations our Board of Directors deems relevant. Future debt obligations and statutory provisions, among other things, may limit, or in some cases prohibit, our ability to pay dividends. Share Repurchase Program In 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of 100 million and subsequently approved additional authorizations, for a total authorization of 1.6 billion. The program permits the Company to purchase shares through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. Share repurchases are repurchased to the Company s Treasury stock and ultimately retired or they are available to be redistributed. Under the program, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 876,238 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of 115.20, totaling 100.9 million. Since inception of the program through December 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased 18,948,367 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of 70.30, totaling 1.3 billion. The Company retired 744,127 and 18,072,129 shares of treasury stock in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law H.R. 5376 (commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 or simply the IRA ). Tax measures contained in the new law include, among other items, an excise tax of 1 on corporate stock buy-backs. The IRA imposes a new 1 excise tax on repurchases of stock by domestic corporations with stock traded on established securities markets. The amount on which the tax is imposed is reduced by the value of any stock issued by such corporation during the tax year and the tax generally applies to stock buy-back transactions occurring after December 31, 2022. This new tax is not expected to result in a material impact to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 217.9 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations. Lease and Obligations The Company currently leases additional office space, data centers and remote network operations center, with lease terms remaining from 5 months to 174 months as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, in October 2021, the Company signed a new lease that commenced in February 2022 for a new principal office space in Amsterdam. See Note 24 Leases to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Total rent expense related to current and former lease obligations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled 30.0 million, 25.6 million and 20.2 million, respectively. I n addition to our lease obligations, we have contractual obligations related to certain operating leases, data and telecommunications agreements, and our long-term debt outstanding. Purchase obligations include our estimate of the minimum outstanding obligations under agreements to purchase goods or services that we believe are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed or minimum and maximum amounts to be paid; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations include certain licensing agreements with various licensors which contain annual minimum fee requirements as well as payments calculated using agreed upon contract rates and reported cleared volumes. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable at any time without penalty. We have excluded from the contractual obligations listed below 543.0 million in cash margin deposits and clearing funds related to Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital. Clearing participants of Cboe Clear Europe are required to make deposits to a clearing fund. The cash deposits made by clearing participants are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as current assets with equal and offsetting current liabilities. See Note 14 Clearing Operations to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital and the margin deposits and clearing funds. Future minimum payments under these leases and agreements were as follows as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Period Less than More than Total 1 year 1 year Contractual Obligations Operating leases 156.7 22.4 134.3 Purchase obligations 883.8 71.3 812.5 Principal payments of debt 1,755.0 305.0 1,450.0 Interest payments on debt 257.3 54.9 202.4 Total 3,052.8 453.6 2,599.2 Commercial Commitments and Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, our commercial commitments and contractual obligations included operating leases, data and telecommunications agreements, equipment leases, our long-term debt outstanding, contingent considerations, software development activities and other obligations. See Note 23 Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of commitments and contingencies, Note 12 Debt for a 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 discussion of the outstanding debt, Note 14 Clearing Operations for information on Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Digital s clearinghouse exposure guarantees, and Note 24 Leases for discussion on operating leases and equipment leases. Guarantees We use Wedbush and Morgan Stanley to clear our routed equities transactions for our U.S. Equities exchanges. Wedbush and Morgan Stanley guarantee the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the National Securities Clearing Corporation NSCC provides a guarantee. The BIDS Trading ATS platform delivers matched trades to BofA Securities, Inc. BOA ), which delivers the matched trades to the NSCC. BOA guarantees the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the NSCC provides a guarantee. In the case of failure to perform on the part of Wedbush or Morgan Stanley on routed transactions for our U.S. Equities exchanges, we provide the guarantee to the counterparty to the trader. In the case of failure to perform on the part of BOA on transactions for the BIDS Trading ATS platform, BIDS has obligations to the counterparties to satisfy the trades. OCC acts as a central counterparty on all transactions in listed equity options in our Options segment, and as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our options transactions. We believe that any potential requirement for us to make payments under these guarantees is remote and accordingly, have not recorded any liability in the consolidated financial statements for these guarantees. Similarly, with respect to trades in U.S. listed equity options and futures occurring on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and CFE, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the OCC, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on these exchanges and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of those matched options and futures trades. With respect to Canadian equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to The Canadian Depository for Securities, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on MATCHNow and NEO and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched Canadian equities trades. With respect to Australian equities and derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to ASX Clear Pty Ltd and ASX Settlement Pty Ltd. ASX Clear Pty Ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Australia and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Australia. With respect to Japanese equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the Japanese Securities Clearing Corporation, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Japan and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Japan. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of the amounts of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to areas that require a significant level of judgment or are otherwise subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, observance of trends in particular areas, information available from outside sources and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Information from these sources form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that may not be readily apparent from other sources. We have identified the estimates below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. The impact of, and any associated risks related to, these estimates on our business operations is discussed throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For a detailed discussion on these estimates and other accounting policies, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Description Our acquisitions of Bats, Silexx Financial Systems, LLC Silexx ), Livevol, Inc. LiveVol ), Hanweck, FT Options, Trade Alert, MATCHNow, BIDS Holdings, Cboe Asia Pacific, Cboe Digital, and NEO resulted in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets, while our acquisition of Cboe Clear Europe, resulted in a bargain purchase gain and other intangible assets. In accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350 Intangibles Goodwill and 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Other, we test the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances signal indicators of impairment are present. Judgments and Uncertainties The estimated fair values of our reporting units are based on the market approach and the income approach (using discounted estimated future cash flows). The estimated fair values of indefinite-lived intangibles are based on the cost method and income approach. The discounted estimated future cash flow analysis requires judgments about the discount rate, forecasted revenue growth rate, and operating expenses, that are inherent in these fair value estimates over the estimated remaining operating period. Additionally, the analysis contains uncertainty surrounding future events. As such, actual results may differ from these estimates and lead to a revaluation of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions If updated estimates indicate that the fair value of goodwill or any indefinite-lived intangibles is less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment charge is expected to be recorded in the consolidated statements of income in the period of the change in estimate, which could result in a material change to the consolidated financial statements. Following the acquisition of Cboe Digital in the quarter ended June 30, 2022, negative events and trends in the broader digital asset environment emerged, such as deleveraging and bankruptcies, and certain negative trends in the broader digital asset environment that started in late 2021 intensified, such as the decline in digital asset prices, overall market activity, and market capitalization. Additionally, following the acquisition of Cboe Digital , the efforts to syndicate minority ownership interests in Cboe Digital to potential investors during the quarter ended June 30, 2022 became more challenging, and the outlook for the Digital segment s future market growth was negatively impacted. The Company considered these developments, in particular the syndication efforts during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, to be potential indications of impairment and performed an interim impairment test for the goodwill recognized in the Digital reporting unit during the quarter ended June 30, 2022. The Company concluded that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, which was based on the income approach and corroborated with the market approach, and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 460.1 million in the consolidated statements of income during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and also recognized a deferred tax asset of 116.2 million. This deferred tax asset, resulting from the excess of tax-deductible goodwill over book goodwill, relates to future tax deductions the Company expects to realize to reduce potential tax payments on future income. As a result, the carrying value of Cboe Digital decreased by 343.9 million, to 220.0 million as of June 30, 2022. The Company also performed testing over the intangible assets recognized as a result of the Cboe Digital acquisition during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and based on the results of the assessments, determined there was no impairment required as the fair value approximated the carrying value. No other long lived assets were recognized as a result of the acquisition and subject to further assessment. As a result of the finalization of the net working capital calculation associated with the acquisition of Cboe Digital during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recorded additional goodwill of 0.8 million. Subsequently, the Company concluded that the indicators of impairment outlined in the previous paragraph continued to be relevant and recorded an additional goodwill impairment charge of 0.8 million in the consolidated statements of income for the three months ended September 30, 2022, resulting in the write-down of the carrying value of the goodwill associated with the acquisition of Cboe Digital to zero. As a result of the Company s annual impairment analysis, completed in the fourth quarter of 2022, in which all reporting units estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value, we do not consider our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles to have a significant risk of additional impairment. Income Taxes Description The Company s consolidated global income tax provision, deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits are determined through the interpretation of tax laws and assumptions of future events to calculate an expectation of future tax consequences. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Judgments and Uncertainties On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its tax estimates and judgments. This evaluation is based on factors including historical experience, such as the conclusions of examinations by tax authorities, changes in tax laws or rates, new examination activity, and results of any related legal processes. We use judgment in the evaluation of uncertain tax positions and the estimation of unrecognized tax benefits when determining the largest amount greater than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority , assessing the likelihood of the benefit being realized upon settlement, and the calculating expected ultimate settlement amount. Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions Significant changes in these estimates or judgments may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a future period. Additionally, it is possible that the ultimate settlement may differ from the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits currently reported if tax authorities ultimately reach a conclusion that differs from the Company s expectation. We believe assumptions made regarding income taxes to be reasonable and do not believe any change in the judgments made by management would result in a material change to the consolidated financial statements. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See Note 3 Recent Accounting Pronouncements to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements that are applicable to the Company . Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As a result of our operating activities, we are exposed to market risks such as foreign currency exchange rate risk, equity risk, credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk. We have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage and monitor and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and our Board of Directors. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Our operations in Europe, Canada and Asia are subject to increased currency translation risk as revenues and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro, Australian dollar, and Japanese Yen. We also have de minimis exposure to other foreign currencies, including the Swiss Franc, Norwegian Kroner, Swedish Krona, Danish Kroner, Singapore dollar, Hong Kong dollar, and Philippine Peso. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our exposure to foreign-denominated revenues less cost of revenues and expenses is presented by primary foreign currency in the following table (in millions, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 British Australian Pounds (1) Euros (1) Dollars (1) Foreign denominated of: Revenues less cost of revenues 3.4 3.7 1.6 Operating expenses 2.5 4.3 2.6 Impact of 10 adverse currency fluctuation on: Revenues less cost of revenues 6.2 6.3 2.4 Operating expenses 3.2 4.9 2.8 

 (1) An average foreign exchange rate to the U.S. dollar for the period was used. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the table summarizing the changes in certain operational and financial metrics for more information. 
 Equity Risk Our investment in European, Canadian, and Asia Pacific operations is exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of our net assets or equity to U.S. dollars. The assets and liabilities of our European businesses are denominated in British pounds or Euros. The assets and liabilities of our Canadian businesses are denominated in Canadian dollars. The assets and liabilities of our Asia Pacific businesses are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Australian dollars, Japanese Yen, or Philippine Pesos. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may create volatility in our 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 reported results as we are required to translate foreign currency reported statements of financial condition and operational results into U.S. dollars for consolidated reporting. The translation of these non-U.S. dollar statements of financial condition into U.S. dollars for consolidated reporting results in a cumulative translation adjustment, which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net within stockholders equity on our consolidated balance sheet. Our primary exposure to this equity risk as of December 31, 2022 is presented by foreign currency in the following table (in millions): 

British Canadian Pounds (1) Euros (1) Dollars (1) Net equity investment in Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives, Cboe Clear Europe, MATCHNow, and NEO 579.5 145.8 402.3 Impact on consolidated equity of a 10 adverse currency fluctuation 58.0 14.6 40.2 

 (1) Converted to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate of British pounds per U.S. dollar, Euros per U.S. dollar, and Canadian dollars per U.S. dollar, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Credit Risk We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. These parties may default on their obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. We limit our exposure to credit risk by considering such risk when selecting the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. We do not have counterparty credit risk with respect to trades matched on our exchanges in the U.S., Canada, and Europe. With respect to listed equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the NSCC without taking on counterparty risk for those trades. NSCC acts as a central counterparty on all equity transactions occurring on BZX, BYX, EDGX and EDGA and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched equity trades. Similarly, with respect to U.S. listed equity options and futures, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the OCC, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX and CFE and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched options and futures trades. With respect to Canadian equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to The Canadian Depository for Securities, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on MATCHNow and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched Canadian equities trades. The BIDS Trading ATS platform delivers matched trades to BOA, which delivers the matched trades to the NSCC. BOA guarantees the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the NSCC provides a guarantee. Thus, BIDS Trading is potentially exposed to credit risk to the counterparty between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event BOA fails. With respect to Australian equities and derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to ASX Clear Pty Ltd and ASX Settlement Pty Ltd. ASX Clear Pty Ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Australia and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Australia. With respect to Japanese equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the Japanese Securities Clearing Corporation, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Japan and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Japan. With respect to orders Cboe Trading routes to other markets for execution on behalf of our customers, Cboe Trading is exposed to some counterparty credit risk in the case of failure to perform on the part of our clearing firms, Morgan Stanley or Wedbush. Morgan Stanley and Wedbush guarantee trades until one day after the trade date, after which time NSCC provides a guarantee. The BIDS Trading ATS platform delivers matched trades to BOA, which delivers the matched trades to the NSCC. Thus, Cboe Trading is potentially exposed to credit risk to the counterparty to a trade routed to another market center between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event that Morgan Stanley or Wedbush fails. The BIDS Trading ATS platform is potentially exposed to counterparty credit risk on equities trades between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event that BOA fails. We believe that any potential requirement for us to make payments under these guarantees is remote and accordingly, have not recorded any liability in the consolidated financial statements for these guarantees. Historically, we have not incurred any liability due to a customer s failure to satisfy its contractual obligations as counterparty to a system trade. Credit difficulties or insolvency, or the perceived possibility of credit difficulties or insolvency, of one or more larger or more visible market participants could also result in market-wide credit difficulties or other market disruptions. We do not have counterparty credit risk with respect to institutional spot FX trades occurring on our platform because Cboe FX is not a counterparty to any FX transactions. All transactions occurring on our platform occur bilaterally between 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 two banks or prime brokers as counterparties to the trade. While Cboe FX does not have direct counterparty risk, Cboe FX may suffer a decrease in transaction volume if a bank or prime broker experiences an event that causes other prime brokers to decrease or revoke the credit available to the prime broker experiencing the event. Therefore, Cboe FX may have risk that is related to the credit of the banks and prime brokers that trade FX on the Cboe FX platform. We also have credit risk related to transaction fees that are billed in arrears to customers on a monthly basis. Our potential exposure to credit losses on these transactions is represented by the receivable balances in our balance sheet. Our customers are financial institutions whose ability to satisfy their contractual obligations may be impacted by volatile securities markets. The Company is exposed to further credit risk through our clearing operations. Cboe Clear Europe holds material amounts of clearing participant collateral, both cash and non-cash deposits, which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit risk as well as liquidity and market risks. Cboe Digital holds amounts of clearing participant collateral including cash and digital assets, which are held primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit risk as well as custody, valuation and market risks. The following is a summary of the risks associated with these deposits and how these risks are mitigated: Credit Risk - The credit risk is predominantly in the event a clearing participant fails to meet a financial or contractual obligation and related to custodians and settlement banks. Cboe Clear Europe attempts to mitigate this risk through minimum participant requirements for clearing participants and monitoring their financial health. To cover potential loss to Cboe Clear Europe in the event of a clearing participant default, collateral is required from clearing participants. Besides potential defaults of clearing participants, the main credit risk faced by the clearinghouse is exposure to clearing participants when a trade fails to settle. To help mitigate this risk, a fail fee is charged to discourage late settlements. This fee covers Cboe Clear Europe s costs but also acts as a deterrent as required by Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 on short selling, together with certain aspects of credit default swaps. Cboe Clear Digital sets minimum financial requirements on custodian institutions and any clearing member that may expose the clearinghouse to credit risk. The financial strength of custodians and such clearing members are monitored routinely. Furthermore, Cboe Digital requires clearing members to post collateral or other forms of financial guarantee and their trading activities are subject to pre-trade checks enforced by Cboe Digital Exchange and administered by Cboe Clear Digital. As of December 31, 2022, Cboe Digital does not expect a material loss concerning credit risk on any member participant, custodian, or settlement bank. Liquidity Risk - Liquidity risk is the risk Cboe Clear Europe may not be able to meet its payment obligations in the right currency, in the right place and at the right time. To help mitigate this risk, Cboe Clear Europe monitors its liquidity requirements closely and maintains funds and assets in a manner which attempt to minimize the risk of loss or delay in the access by the clearinghouse to such funds and assets. For example, holding funds with a central bank where possible or making only short-term investments serves to help reduce liquidity risks. Liquidity is mainly required for securities settlement. The payment and settlement obligations generally stem from the function of Cboe Clear Europe as a cash equity clearinghouse: shares are bought and sold by clearing participants on a trading platform or OTC, and netted to settle two days later. During the settlement the actual payment for and delivery of the shares take place, this process requires intraday liquidity. If counterparties, which receive shares against payment, are unable to settle, an overnight liquidity need arises. The overnight liquidity is typically very short term, and is usually limited to a few days. Custody Risk Cboe Digital holds customer s digital clearing assets custodially through self-custody and it s accounts with custodians. Cboe Digital s custody strategy is designed to maximize liquidity and efficient access to assets by making those assets readily available. Cboe Digital monitors its cash and the digital asset balances it maintains with custodians. Digital assets require control of one or more unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which the digital assets are held. The networks require one or more private keys relating to a digital wallet to authorize a spending transaction. If private keys are lost or destroyed, this could prevent the ability to transfer the corresponding digital asset. Security breaches, computer malware, and computer hacking attacks have been a prevalent concern in digital asset markets. Cboe Digital has committed to securely store digital assets it holds on behalf of users. As such, Cboe Digital may be liable to its users for losses arising from theft or loss of user private keys. Cboe Digital has no reason to believe it will incur any expense associated with such potential liability because (i) it has no known or historical experience of claims to use as a basis of measurement, (ii) it accounts for and continually verifies the amount of digital assets within its control, and (iii) it has established security around custodial private keys to minimize the risk of theft or loss. Valuation Risk - Cboe Digital is exposed to risk with respect to digital asset prices and valuations which are largely based on the supply and demand for those digital assets in financial markets. Cboe Digital s valuation 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 governance framework includes numerous controls and other procedural safeguards that are intended to maximize the quality of fair value measurements. New products and valuation techniques are reviewed and approved by senior management. Cboe Digital s valuation process for digital assets are fair value estimates that are also validated by the finance control function independently. Independent price verification is performed by finance control through benchmarking fair value estimates with observable market prices or other independent sources. Reasonably designed controls and governance framework are in place and are intended to help ensure quality third-party pricing sources were used. Market Risk - Cboe Clear Europe is also exposed to market risk in the event that a clearing participant defaults and the market prices of the securities in its open positions have moved adversely so the clearinghouse can only close out the participant s obligations at a loss. To help mitigate market risk, Cboe Clear Europe collects collateral from clearing participants to cover for the probable loss during normal market conditions, together with contributions to the clearing fund to cover losses if a default occurred during extreme but plausible market conditions. Adverse movements in exchange rates affecting the value of obligations and collateral are factored into the calculation of the amount of collateral to be collected. To help ensure an orderly market, Cboe Digital maintains digital assets to support its clearing operations which may be subject to significant changes in value and therefore exposed to market risk with the fluctuation in market prices. Cboe Digital monitors this risk on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. The business model is such that Cboe Digital earns digital assets and at times may accumulate positions that are subject to market risk. Customer positions do have market risk based on daily activity and settlement prices. 
 On a regular basis, we review and evaluate changes in the status of our counterparties creditworthiness. Credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Any such effects to date have been minimal. Interest Rate Risk We have exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relating to our cash and cash equivalents, financial investments, and indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash and cash equivalents and financial investments were 524.4 million and 379.0 million, respectively, of which 226.1 million and 185.9 million is held outside of the United States in various foreign subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining cash and cash equivalents and financial investments are denominated in U.S. dollars. We do not use our investment portfolio for trading or other speculative purposes. Due to the nature of these investments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates, assuming no change in the amount or composition of our cash and cash equivalents and financial investments. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,742.0 million in outstanding debt, of which 1,437.3 million relates to our Senior Notes, which bear interest at fixed interest rates. Changes in interest rates will have no impact on the interest we pay on fixed-rate obligations. 304.7 million of the outstanding debt relates to the Term Loan Agreement, which bears interest at fluctuating rates and, therefore, subjects us to interest rate risk. The overnight Treasury repurchase market underlying SOFR has experienced and may experience disruptions from time to time, which may result in unexpected fluctuations, including potentially higher rates, in SOFR. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates relating to the amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement as of December 31, 2022 would decrease annual pre-tax earnings by 3.0 million, assuming no change in the composition of our outstanding indebtedness. We are also exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement and the Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility, as these facilities bear interest at fluctuating rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement or Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility, respectively. See Note 12 Debt to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of debt agreements. Liquidity Risk We are exposed to liquidity risk under certain circumstances in relation to the cross-acceleration and cross-default provisions within the Term Loan Agreement and the Revolving Credit Agreement as a result of the Company, as guarantor, entering into the Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility. A default of the Facility may allow lenders to accelerate any related drawn amounts and may result in the acceleration of the Company s other outstanding debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which may limit the Company s liquidity, business and financing activities. See Note 12 Debt to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of debt agreements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 100 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 104 Consolidated Statements of Income 105 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 106 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 107 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 108 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 109 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Cboe Global Markets, Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission , and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting . Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Evaluation of unrecognized tax benefits As discussed in Notes 2 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based upon the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position is measured based upon the largest benefit that has greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the evaluation of unrecognized tax benefits in certain jurisdictions as a critical audit matter. A higher degree of auditor judgment and the involvement of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge was required to evaluate the Company s estimate of tax benefits to be realized upon ultimate settlement of its tax positions. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s unrecognized tax benefits process, including controls over the estimate of tax benefits to be realized upon ultimate settlement of tax positions. We evaluated the Company s ability to estimate its unrecognized tax benefits by comparing historical unrecognized tax benefits to actual results upon the conclusion of examinations by applicable taxing authorities. In addition, we involved tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: analyzing the Company s tax positions, including the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits evaluating changes in applicable laws and regulations inspecting settlements with applicable taxing authorities. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. Kansas City, Missouri February 17, 2023 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Cboe Global Markets, Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Management s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, excluded Cboe Digital Intermediate Holdings, LLC (formerly known as Eris Digital Holdings, LLC) and its subsidiaries, as well as Aequitas Innovations, Inc. and its subsidiaries, acquired on May 2, 2022 and June 1, 2022, respectively. The acquired businesses had aggregate total assets and total stockholders equity of 336.4 million and 302.2 million, respectively, and total revenues and revenues less cost of revenues of 22.8 million and 12.9 million, respectively, which are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Cboe Digital Intermediate Holdings, LLC (formerly known as Eris Digital Holdings, LLC) and its subsidiaries, as well as Aequitas Innovations, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ February 17, 2023 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In millions, except share and per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Financial investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Margin deposits and clearing funds Digital assets - safeguarded assets Income taxes receivable Other current assets Total current assets Investments Land Property and equipment, net Operating lease right of use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Section 31 fees payable Deferred revenue Margin deposits and clearing funds Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities Income taxes payable Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of contingent consideration liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current unrecognized tax benefits Deferred income taxes Non-current operating lease liabilities Non-current portion of contingent consideration liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value: shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively at December 31, 2022 and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively at December 31, 2021 Common stock in treasury, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In millions, except per share data) 

2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Cash and spot markets Data and access solutions Derivatives markets Total revenues Cost of revenues: Liquidity payments Routing and clearing Section 31 fees Royalty fees and other cost of revenues Total cost of revenues Revenues less cost of revenues Operating expenses: Compensation and benefits Depreciation and amortization Technology support services Professional fees and outside services Travel and promotional expenses Facilities costs Acquisition-related costs Goodwill impairment Other expenses Total operating expenses Operating income Non-operating (expenses) income: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Income before income tax provision Income tax provision Net income Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In millions) 

2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized holding losses on financial investments ) ) Post-retirement benefit obligations ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Comprehensive income allocated to common stockholders, net of income tax See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In millions) 

Accumulated Additional other Total Preferred Common Treasury paid-in Retained comprehensive stockholders Stock Stock Stock capital earnings income (loss), net equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Transition adjustment for adoption of Current Expected Credit Losses standard at January 1, 2020 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of common stock options Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In millions) 

2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance cost and debt discount Change in contingent consideration ) ) Realized gain on available-for-sale financial investments ) Provision for accounts receivable credit losses Benefit for deferred income taxes ) ) ) Provision for notes receivable credit losses Stock-based compensation expense Loss on disposal of property and equipment Impairment of property held for sale Impairment charge of investment Goodwill impairment Equity (earnings) loss in investments ) ) Impairment of investments Gain on investment ) Bargain purchase gain ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Restricted cash and cash equivalents and customer bank deposits (included in margin deposits and clearing funds) ) ) Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in other current assets) Income taxes receivable ) Digital assets - safeguarded assets ) Other current assets ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities Section 31 fees payable ) Deferred revenue ) Income taxes payable ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from acquisition-related escrow Contributions to investments ) ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale financial investments ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale financial investments Proceeds from investments Proceeds from insurance Purchases of property and equipment and leasehold improvements ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from credit facility Payments of credit facility ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan ) ) Payments of contingent consideration related to acquisitions ) ) ) Proceeds from Cboe Digital syndication Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in margin deposits and clearing funds) Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in other current assets) Customer bank deposits (included in margin deposits and clearing funds) Total Supplemental disclosure of cash transactions: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: Accounts receivable acquired Financial investments acquired Income taxes receivable acquired Other current assets acquired Goodwill acquired Intangible assets acquired Property and equipment, net acquired Data processing software and other assets acquired Operating lease right of use asset acquired Other assets, net acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities assumed ) ) ) Income taxes payable acquired ) ) Deferred revenue acquired ) ) Operating lease liability - non-current acquired ) Contingent consideration related to acquisitions ) ) ) Deferred income taxes acquired ) ) ) Other non-current liabilities acquired ) Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: Paycheck Protection Program loan forgiveness Cboe Digital investor member revenue asset ) Cboe Digital option grant liability See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 segments. Derivatives markets includes associated transaction and clearing fees, the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees, associated regulatory fees, and associated other revenue from Cboe s Options, Futures, Europe and Asia Pacific, and Digital segments. Cost of Revenues Royalty fees and other cost of revenues includes royalty fees and other cost of revenues across the Company s segments. In prior periods, royalty fees and other cost of revenues were presented as distinct cost of revenues categories. reportable business segments prior to the quarter ended June 30, 2022. As a result of the ErisX acquisition, which was subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital, as of the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the Company operates reportable segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital which is reflective of how the Company s chief operating decision-maker reviews and operates the business. See Note 16 Segment Reporting for more information. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 . Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation of leasehold improvements is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the related lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets. Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed to determine whether any events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company bases this evaluation on such impairment indicators as the nature of the assets, the future economic benefit of the assets, any historical or future profitability measurements, as well as other external market conditions or factors that may be present. If such impairment indicators are present that would indicate that the carrying value of any asset may not be recoverable, the Company determines whether an impairment has occurred through the use of an undiscounted cash flow analysis of the asset at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows exist. In the event of impairment, the Company recognizes a loss for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated value of the asset as measured using quoted market prices or, in the absence of quoted market prices, a discounted cash flow analysis. The Company expenses software development costs as incurred during the preliminary project stage, while capitalizing costs incurred during the application development stage, which includes design, coding, installation and testing activities. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 additional impairment existed. Intangible assets, net, primarily include acquired trademarks and trade names, customer relationships, strategic alliance agreements, licenses and registrations and non-compete agreements. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized based on the discounted cash flow method applied over the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets and are tested for impairment if certain events occur indicating that the carrying value may be impaired. Intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment at least annually, usually concurrently with goodwill. Impairment exists if the fair value of the asset is less than the carrying value, and in that case, an impairment loss is recorded. The Company performed its 2022 annual intangible assets impairment test using October 1, 2022 carrying values and determined that additional impairment existed, apart from the goodwill impairment mentioned above . 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 customer accounted for more than of the Company s total revenue. No customer is contractually or otherwise obligated to continue to use the Company s services. The loss of, or a significant reduction of, participation by these customers may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The largest clearing members clear the majority of the market-maker sides of transactions at all of the Company s U.S. options exchanges. If either of these clearing members were to withdraw from the business of market-maker clearing and market-makers were unable to transfer to another clearing member, this could create significant disruption to the U.S. options markets, including Cboe s. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet and the Company recognizes lease expense in facilities costs within the consolidated statements of income for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to or more, and some of which include the Company s option to terminate the leases within . When the implicit rate in the Company s lease is not reasonably determinable, the Company applies an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 million, respectively, as of June 30, 2022, with no impact to the consolidated statements of income and cash flows. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Issued, not yet Adopted There were no applicable material accounting pronouncements that have been issued, but were not yet adopted as of December 31, 2022. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, was not retroactively reclassified to market data fees in the statements of income presented in this Form 10-K. Both types of market data are satisfied over time, and revenue is recognized on a monthly basis as the customer receives and consumes the benefit as the Company provides the data to meet its performance obligation. U.S. tape plan market data is recognized in the North American Equities and Options segments. Proprietary market data fees are recognized across all segments. Regulatory fees - There are types of regulatory fees that the Company recognizes. The first type represents fees collected by the Company to cover the Section 31 fees charged to the Exchanges by the SEC for meeting the point-in-time performance obligation of executing a trade on its markets. The fees charged to customers are based on the fee set by the SEC per notional value of U.S. Equities exchange transactions and per round turn of Options transactions executed on the Company s U.S. securities markets. These fees are calculated and billed monthly and are recognized in the North American Equities and Options segments. As the Exchanges are responsible for the ultimate payment to the SEC, the Exchanges are considered the principal in these transactions. Regulatory fees also include the options regulatory fee ORF which supports the Company s regulatory oversight function in the Options segment, along with other miscellaneous regulatory fees, and neither can be used for non-regulatory purposes. The ORF and miscellaneous fees are recognized when the performance obligation is fulfilled. Other revenue - Other revenue primarily includes interest income from clearing operations, all fees related to the trade reporting facility operated in the Europe and Asia Pacific segment, listing fees, and revenue associated with advertisements through the Company s websites. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue Cash Data and and Spot Access Derivatives Markets Solutions Markets Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 Transaction and clearing fees Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue Cash Data and and Spot Access Derivatives Markets Solutions Markets Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Transaction and clearing fees Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue Timing of revenue recognition Services transferred at a point in time Services transferred over time Year Ended December 31, 2021 Transaction and clearing fees Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue Timing of revenue recognition Services transferred at a point in time Services transferred over time Year Ended December 31, 2020 Transaction and clearing fees Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue Timing of revenue recognition Services transferred at a point in time Services transferred over time Contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 primarily represent prepayments of transaction fees and certain access and capacity and market data fees to the Exchanges. ) Other, net ) Total deferred revenue ) 

 (1) Liquidity providers are eligible to participate in the sliding scale program, which involves prepayment of transaction fees, and to receive reduced fees based on the achievement of certain volume thresholds within a calendar month. These transaction fees are amortized and recorded ratably as the transactions occur over the period . 
 key capital markets, Australia and Japan, to help 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 million was allocated to goodwill, million was allocated to intangible assets, million was allocated to working capital, and million in contingent consideration, which is based on developmental milestones of the acquired business. See below for further discussion of intangible assets acquired. On May 2, 2022, the Company purchased ErisX, which was subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital. Cboe Digital operates a U.S. based digital asset spot market, a regulated futures exchange and a regulated clearinghouse. Ownership of Cboe Digital allows the Company to enter the digital asset spot and derivatives marketplaces through a digital-first platform developed with industry partners to focus on robust regulatory compliance, data and transparency. Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC (formerly Eris Exchange Holdings, LLC) was not a part of this transaction and the Company retains its minority equity ownership interest in Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC. Of the acquisition s purchase price, million was allocated to goodwill, million was allocated to intangible assets, and million was allocated to working capital. Prior to signing the acquisition agreement, the Company held a minority investment in ErisX. As a result of the acquisition of the remaining portion of ErisX, the Company recognized a million gain, reflecting the change in fair value of the minority investment in ErisX as a result of the acquisition, which is included in other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statement of income. Adjustments to the provisional values may occur before the end of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date, which may include tax and other estimates which will be recorded in the reporting period that the adjustment amounts are determined. See below for further discussion of intangible assets acquired. Additionally, the Company performed impairment testing during the year ended December 31, 2022, as there were market events that indicated it was more likely than not that these assets were impaired, resulting in the recognition of impairment charges to goodwill. See Note 10 Goodwill, Intangible Assets, net, and Digital Assets Held for more information on the impairments. On June 1, 2022, the Company purchased NEO. NEO is a fintech organization that is comprised of a fully registered Canadian securities exchange with a diverse product and services set ranging from corporate listings to cash equities trading and a non-listed securities distribution platform. With ownership of NEO, the Company expects to further grow Canada as a hub for global equities trading, in addition to MATCHNow, the ATS acquired by the Company in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the allocation of purchase price includes adjustments within the measurement period resulting in a decrease to intangible assets, an increase in net working capital and a reduction in contingent consideration. See the table below for more information about the adjustments made to the NEO purchase price allocation. Additional adjustments to the provisional values may occur before the end of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date, which may include tax and other estimates which will be recorded in the reporting period that the adjustment amounts are determined. See below for further discussion of intangible assets acquired and Note 15 Fair Value Measurement for the impact of the allocation adjustments on the Company s financial liabilities. : Intangible assets ) Net working capital ) Contingent consideration ) ) 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Indefinite Indefinite Indefinite Customer relationships Technology Trademarks and tradenames Total identifiable intangible assets Acquisition-related costs relate to acquisitions and other strategic opportunities. The Company expensed million of acquisition-related costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which related to professional fees and other expenses. These acquisition-related expenses are included in acquisition-related costs in the consolidated statements of income. The Company expensed million of acquisition-related costs during the year ended December 31, 2021, which primarily included million of professional fees, and million of impairment charges related to facilities. These acquisition-related expenses are included in acquisition-related costs in the consolidated statements of income. The Company expensed million of acquisition-related costs during the year ended December 31, 2020 that included million of professional fees, million of impairment charges related to investments, and other expenses and million of impairment charges related to facilities. These acquisition-related expenses are included in acquisition-related costs in the consolidated statements of income. Total equity method investments Other equity investments: Investment in Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC Investment in CSD Br Investment in Coin Metrics Inc. Investment in Cboe Vest Financial Group, Inc. Investment in Effective Investing Limited Investment in OCC Investment in American Financial Exchange, LLC Investment in Eris Digital Holdings, LLC Other equity investments Total other equity investments Total investments Equity Method Investments The Company s investment in the 7Ridge Fund, represents a nonconsolidated variable interest entity VIE ). The Company has determined that consolidation of the VIE is not required as the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the 7Ridge Fund, as it does not have controlling financial interest and lacks the ability to unilaterally remove the general partner, 7Ridge Investments 3 GP Limited, direct material strategic decisions, or dissolve the entity (i.e. the Company does not have unilateral substantive kick-out or liquidation rights). 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 million, which includes periodic capital contributions to the 7Ridge Fund, as well as the Company s share of 7Ridge Fund s profit or loss, including gains or losses arising from the fair value measurement of the investment held by the 7Ridge Fund, booked against the investment account. The carrying value of the investment is included in investments within the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s maximum loss exposure, in the unlikely event that all of the VIE s assets become worthless, is limited to the carrying value of Company s investment. Other Equity Investments In May 2020, Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC (formerly Eris Exchange Holdings, LLC) completed a restructuring transaction to spin out Eris Digital Holdings, LLC into a stand-alone entity. The restructuring qualifies as an exchange of ownership interest, though it required no additional consideration exchanged to execute the exchange of units. The restructuring did not result in a change in number of units owned by the Company or a substantial change in the Company s ownership interest percentage. gain or loss is recognized as a result of the restructuring. On October 19, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire all of the outstanding equity interests of Eris Digital Holdings, LLC. However, Innovations Holdings, LLC is not a part of this transaction and the Company retains its minority equity ownership interest in Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC. On September 21, 2021, CurveGlobal Limited CurveGlobal ), a minority investment of the Company included within other equity investments, announced plans to wind down the company in January 2022. The Company concluded that the remaining investment in CurveGlobal had no future economic value, and thus, wrote off the investment as of September 30, 2021. CurveGlobal ceased operations on January 28, 2022. The loss related to the write-off was included within other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of income. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company invested million in a funding raise by Coin Metrics, Inc., a digital asset intelligence and crypto data startup, million in a funding raise by CSD Br, a Brazilian bank and financial intermediary, and completed the purchase of ErisX, which was subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital. Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC was not a part of this transaction and the Company retains its minority equity ownership interest in Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC. See Note 5 Acquisitions for more information. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company invested million in a funding raise by Effective Investing Limited, an emerging global sustainability data provider measuring the social and environmental impact of companies and investment portfolios. In the fourth quarter of 2022 the Company invested an additional million in a funding raise by StratiFi Technologies, Inc, a risk management platform that provides a one-stop-shop solution for portfolio risk analysis. The Company previously held a minority stake in StratiFi and the funding raise allowed the Company to maintain it s current investment percentage. The carrying value of other equity investments is included in investments in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company accounts for these investments using the measurement alternative given the absence of readily determinable fair values for the respective investments and due to the Company s inability to exercise significant influence over the investments based upon the respective ownership interests held. As of December 31, 2022, other equity investments primarily consist of minority investments in Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC, CSD Br, Coin Metrics Inc., Cboe Vest Financial Group, Inc, Effective Investing Limited, StratiFi Technologies, Inc. and a investment in OCC. Building Furniture and equipment Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense using the straight-line method was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 million, which includes million of land and million of property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Allowance for accounts receivable credit losses ) ) Total allowance for credit losses ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance Recoveries collected Balance at December 31, 2021 Allowance for notes receivable credit losses Allowance for accounts receivable credit losses ) Total allowance for credit losses ) 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Data processing software Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Data processing software, net Other assets (1) Other assets, net 

 (1) At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the majority of the balance included long-term prepaid assets and notes receivable. See Note 8 Credit Losses for more information on the notes receivable included within other assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the notes receivable, net balance was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, a contra-revenue asset totaling million, which arose from the issuance of Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units and Warrants, is included in other assets, net. The issuance of Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units and Warrants is described in Note 19 Stock-based Compensation ). 
 Amortization expense related to data processing software was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively . Adjustment ) ) ) Additions Changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Adjustment Additions Impairment ) ) Changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Goodwill has been allocated to specific reporting units for purposes of impairment testing - Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Global FX, and Digital. goodwill has been allocated to Futures. Goodwill impairment testing is performed annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if conditions exist that indicate that the asset may be impaired. Following the acquisition of Cboe Digital, which closed on May 2, 2022, in the quarter ended June 30, 2022, negative events and trends in the broader digital asset environment emerged, such as deleveraging and bankruptcies, and certain negative trends in the broader digital asset environment that started in late 2021 intensified, such as the decline in digital asset prices, overall market activity, and market capitalization. Additionally, following the acquisition of Cboe Digital, the efforts to syndicate minority ownership interests in Cboe Digital to potential investors during the quarter ended June 30, 2022 became more challenging, and the outlook for the Digital segment s future market growth was negatively impacted. The Company considered these developments, in particular the syndication efforts during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, to be potential indications of impairment and performed an interim impairment test for the goodwill recognized in the Digital reporting unit during the quarter ended June 30, 2022. The Company concluded that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, which considered both market and income approaches, and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million in the consolidated statements of income during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 million. This deferred tax asset, resulting from the excess of tax-deductible goodwill over book goodwill, relates to future tax deductions the Company expects to realize to reduce potential tax payments on future income. As a result, the carrying value of Cboe Digital decreased by million, to million as of June 30, 2022. The Company also performed an impairment assessment over the intangible assets recognized as a result of the Cboe Digital acquisition during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and based on the results of the assessments, determined there was impairment required as the fair value approximated the carrying value. other long lived assets were recognized as a result of the acquisition. As a result of the finalization of the net working capital calculation associated with the acquisition of Cboe Digital during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recorded additional goodwill of million. Subsequently, the Company concluded that the indicators of impairment outlined in the previous paragraph continued to be relevant and recorded an additional goodwill impairment charge of million in the consolidated statements of income for the three months ended September 30, 2022. The Company determined there were no further impairment indicators for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) ) Changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Adjustments ) ) Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amortization expense was million, million and million, respectively. The estimated future amortization expense is million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, and million for 2027. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Indefinite Customer relationships Market data customer relationships Technology Trademarks and tradenames Digital assets held Indefinite Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) ) 

Weighted December 31, 2021 Average North American Europe and Amortization Options Equities Asia Pacific Global FX Digital Period (in years) Trading registrations and licenses Indefinite Customer relationships Market data customer relationships Technology Trademarks and tradenames Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Cboe Digital holds customer digital assets in customer accounts, referred to as wallets, either through a third-party custodian, a licensed trust company, or in separate and distinct wallets managed by Cboe Digital. Cboe Digital, together with its third-party custodian, is directly responsible for securing customers crypto assets and protecting them from loss or theft. Customer digital assets are held in omnibus wallets for the benefit of customers of Cboe Digital and Cboe Digital maintains the records of the amount and type of digital asset owned by each of its customers in omnibus wallets. The amount of customer digital assets held by Cboe Digital is reflected within digital assets safeguarded assets and digital assets safeguarded liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, Cboe Digital maintains an immaterial amount of its own digital assets to facilitate customer trading. Royalties Accrued liabilities Rebates payable Marketing fee payable Tax reserves Accounts payable Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 million fixed rate Senior Notes due January 2027, stated rate of million fixed rate Senior Notes due December 2030, stated rate of million fixed rate Senior Notes due March 2032, stated rate of Revolving Credit Agreement Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility Total debt As described below in further detail, on April 29, 2022 and May 31, 2022, the Company borrowed million and million, respectively, under the Term Loan Agreement (as defined below), in order to fund portions of the acquisitions of ErisX, which was subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital, and NEO. On March 16, 2022, the Company issued million, in aggregate principal amount, of the Company s fixed rate Senior Notes due March 2032 in order to partially fund its acquisition of Cboe Digital. As described below in further detail the Company repaid outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Agreement totaling million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Term Loan Agreement On March 22, 2018, the Company entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement (the Term Loan Agreement ). The Term Loan Agreement matures on December 15, 2023 and initially provided for a senior unsecured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of million, which amount was later increased to allow for an additional draw of million on June 25, 2021 in order to fund a portion of the acquisition of Cboe Asia Pacific (formerly Chi-X Asia Pacific Holdings Limited) and was increased on March 29, 2022 to allow for additional delayed draws of million on April 29, 2022 to fund a portion of the Cboe Digital (formerly ErisX) acquisition, and million on May 31, 2022 to fund a portion of the NEO acquisition. On each of August 25, 2022 and September 22, 2022, the Company repaid million, respectively , of outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Agreement, and on each of November 1, 2022, December 1, 2022, and December 27, 2022, the Company repaid million, million, and million, respectively, of outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Agreement totaling million repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. Loans under the Term Loan Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at either (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator) plus a margin of percent per annum or (ii) a daily floating rate based on the agent s prime rate (subject to certain minimums based upon the federal funds effective rate or SOFR) plus a margin of percent per annum. The Term Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants for facilities of its type, including financial covenants, events of default, including cross-defaults from the Company s other indebtedness, and indemnification provisions in favor of the lenders thereunder. The negative covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens, the incurrence of indebtedness by the Company s subsidiaries and fundamental changes, subject to certain exceptions in each case. The financial covenants require the Company to meet a quarterly financial test with respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of not greater than to 1.00; provided that the consolidated leverage ratio may, subject to certain triggering events set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, be increased to to 1.00 or to 1.00 (from to 1.00) for four consecutive fiscal quarters following certain acquisitions, provided this increase may be made only once and at the time it exercises such financial covenant step-up, the Company shall be exercising a like step-up under its revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants and did not exercise financial covenant step-up. Senior Notes On January 12, 2017, the Company entered into an indenture (the Indenture ), by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, in connection with the issuance of million aggregate principal amount of the Company s Senior Notes due 2027 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Notes were established pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, dated as of January 12, 2017, supplementing the Indenture. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the Senior Notes to fund, in part, the Merger, including the payment of related fees and expenses and the repayment of Bats existing indebtedness, and the remainder for general corporate purposes. The Senior Notes mature on January 12, 2027 and bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 12 and July 12 of each year, commencing July 12, 2017. On December 15, 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2030 Senior Notes ). The form and terms of the Senior Notes were established pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, dated as of December 15, 2020, supplementing the Indenture. The Company used the net proceeds from the Senior Notes to finance the acquisition of BIDS Trading, repay a portion of amounts outstanding under the term loan facility and all outstanding indebtedness under the revolving credit facility and the remainder for general corporate purposes, which may include the financing of future acquisitions or the repayment of other outstanding indebtedness. The Senior Notes mature on December 15, 2030 and bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing June 15, 2021. On March 16, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2032 Senior Notes and, together with the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The form and terms of the of the Senior Notes were established pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, dated as of March 16, 2022, supplementing the Indenture. The Company used the net proceeds from the Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, and the proceeds of additional borrowings, to partially fund its acquisition of ErisX, which was subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital. The Senior Notes mature on March 16, 2032 and bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 16 and September 16 of each year, commencing September 16, 2022. The Senior Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally with all of the Company s other existing and future unsecured, senior indebtedness, but are effectively junior to the Company s secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and will be structurally subordinated to the secured and unsecured indebtedness of the Company s subsidiaries. The Company has the option to redeem some or all of the Senior Notes, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at the redemption prices set forth in the applicable Officer s Certificate. The Company may also be required to offer to repurchase the Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as such term is defined in the applicable Officer s Certificate) at a repurchase price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes to be repurchased. Indenture Under the Indenture, the Company may issue debt securities, which includes the Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, in one or more series without limitation on the aggregate principal amount. The Indenture governing the Senior Notes contains customary restrictions, including a limitation that restricts the Company s ability and the ability of certain of the Company s subsidiaries to create or incur secured debt. Such Indenture also limits certain sale and leaseback transactions and contains customary events of default. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Revolving Credit Agreement On February 25, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement ), which amended and restated the prior revolving credit agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for a senior unsecured million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility that includes a million swing line sub-facility. The Company may also, subject to the agreement of the applicable lenders, increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to million, for a total of million. Subject to specified conditions, the Company may designate or more of its subsidiaries as additional borrowers under the Revolving Credit Agreement provided that the Company guarantees all borrowings and 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 subsidiaries were designated as additional borrowers. Funds borrowed under the Revolving Credit Agreement may be used to fund working capital and for other general corporate purposes, including the making of any acquisitions the Company may pursue in the ordinary course of its business. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, million of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Revolving Credit Agreement. Loans under the Revolving Credit Agreement will bear interest, at the Company s option, at either (i) the Relevant Date (defined herein) plus a margin (based on the Company s public debt ratings) ranging from percent per annum to percent per annum or (ii) a daily fluctuating rate based on the administrative agent s prime rate (subject to certain minimums based upon the federal funds effective rate or Term SOFR), which is subject to a 1 percent floor, plus a margin (based on the Company s public debt ratings) ranging from percent per annum to percent per annum. Relevant Rate means with respect to any committed borrowing or swingline borrowing denominated in (a) Dollars, Term SOFR plus a spread adjustment of percent per annum, (b) Sterling, SONIA plus a spread adjustment of percent per annum and (c) Euros, EURIBOR, as applicable, provided that each Relevant Rate is subject to a percent floor. Subject to certain conditions stated in the Revolving Credit Agreement, the Company and any subsidiaries designated as additional borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time during the term of the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement will terminate and all amounts owing thereunder will be due and payable on February 25, 2027, unless the commitments are terminated earlier, either at the request of the Company or, if an event of default occurs, by the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events). The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants for facilities of its type, including financial covenants, events of default and indemnification provisions in favor of the lenders. The negative covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens, the incurrence of indebtedness by the Company s subsidiaries and fundamental changes, subject to certain exceptions in each case. The financial covenants require the Company to meet a quarterly financial test with respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of not greater than to 1.00; provided that the consolidated leverage ratio may, subject to certain triggering events set forth in the Revolving Credit Agreement, be increased to to 1.00 for one occasion and to 1.00 on another occasion, in each case, for four consecutive fiscal quarters; provided that, prior to the exercise of the second such financial covenant step-up, the maximum consolidated leverage ratio shall have returned to a level of to 1.00 for at least two consecutive fiscal quarters. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants and did not exercise financial covenant step-up. Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility On July 1, 2020, EuroCCP (subsequently rebranded to Cboe Clear Europe), as borrower, the Company, as guarantor, entered into a Facility Agreement (the Facility or Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility with Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Designated Activity Company, as co-ordinator, facility agent, lender, sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner, Citibank N.A., as security agent, and certain other lenders named therein. The Facility was further amended and restated, as described below. The Facility initially provided for a billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility (i) that is available to be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe (formerly EuroCCP) (as borrower) towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through Cboe Clear Europe s clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement of Cboe Clear Europe incurred in the operation of its clearing system and (ii) under which the scheduled interest and fees on borrowings (but not the principal amount of any borrowings) are guaranteed by the Company. Subject to certain conditions, Cboe Clear Europe was initially able to increase the commitments under the Facility by up to million, to a total of billion. Borrowings under the Facility are secured by cash, eligible government bonds and eligible equity assets deposited by Cboe Clear Europe into secured accounts. In addition, Cboe Clear Europe must ensure that at all times the aggregate of (a) each clearing participant s contribution to the relevant clearing fund, (b) each clearing participant s margin amount and (c) any cash equities purchased using the proceeds of the assets described in (a) and (b), less the amount of any such clearing participant contribution, margin amount or cash equities which have been transferred to (or secured in favor of) any provider of settlement or custody services to Cboe Clear Europe, is not less than million. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 percent per annum and (subject to certain conditions) borrowings under the Facility s U.S. dollar swingline loans bear interest as the higher of the relevant agent s prime commercial lending rate for U.S. dollars and percent per annum over the federal funds effective rate. A commitment fee of percent per annum is payable on the unused and uncalled amount of the Facility during the availability period. Subject to certain conditions stated in the Facility, Cboe Clear Europe may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the Facility at any time during the term of the Facility. The Facility will terminate and all amounts owing thereunder will be due and payable on from the date of the agreement, unless the commitments are terminated earlier, either at the request of Cboe Clear Europe or, if an event of default occurs, by the Lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events). The Facility contains customary representations, warranties and covenants for facilities of its type, including events of default of the Company and Cboe Clear Europe and indemnification provisions in favor of the Lenders. In particular, the covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens by Cboe Clear Europe and its subsidiaries, and an event of default will be triggered if Cboe Clear Europe ceases its business, subject to certain exceptions in each case. There is also a requirement for the net worth of (a) the Company to be no less than billion on the date of each drawdown and delivery of compliance certificates and (b) Cboe Clear Europe initially to be the higher of million and any such amount required for Cboe Clear Europe to meet minimum liquidity regulations under applicable regulation at all times. On July 1, 2021, the Facility was amended and restated to, among other items: (i) extend the term of the Facility until June 30, 2022; (ii) update benchmark rates for U.S. dollar swingline loans and alternative term rates for revolving loans; (iii) remove references to LIBOR and clarified procedures to calculate interest rates; (iv) reduce the minimum tangible net worth requirement from million to million; (v) include a new tranche in the revolving and swingline facilities to increase access to certain currencies; (vi) update the borrowing base calculations to more accurately reflect the collateral held by Cboe Clear Europe; and (vii) modify certain other provisions to incorporate updates in applicable laws and regulations. On June 30, 2022, the Facility was further amended and restated to, among other items: (i) extend the term of the Facility until June 29, 2023; (ii) lower the interest rate margin from percent per annum to percent per annum; (iii) revise certain of the representations the Company makes pursuant to the Facility; (iv) increase the minimum tangible net worth requirement from million to million; (v) reduce the aggregate commitment under the Facility from billion to billion; (vi) reduce the aggregate commitment under the Facility, after the accordion increase, from billion to billion; and (vii) modify certain other provisions to incorporate updates in applicable laws and regulations. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings were outstanding under the Facility. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, billion of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Facility. At December 31, 2022, the Company and Cboe Clear Europe were in compliance with applicable covenants. Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Program On May 1, 2020, prior to Cboe s acquisition of Cboe Digital, Cboe Digital (formerly ErisX) received million of proceeds from a loan issued under either the Small Business Administration SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP under section 7(a)(36) of the Small Business Act or the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Loans under Section 7(a)(37) of the SBA. On May 26, 2022, the PPP loan was forgiven and no further balance is due. 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Principal amounts repayable Debt issuance costs ) Unamortized discounts on notes ) Total debt outstanding Interest expense recognized on the Term Loan Agreement, the Senior Notes, and the Revolving Credit Agreement is included in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of income. The Company is also obligated to pay commitment fees under the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement, Term Loan Agreement and Facility, which are also included in interest expense, net. Interest expense, net recognized in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in millions): Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) European markets and the United States, as well as Depositary Receipts, ETFs, and exchange traded currencies ETCs ). In September 2021 Cboe Clear Europe began clearing equity index derivatives for European markets. Through a novation process, Cboe Clear Europe becomes the buyer for every seller and the seller for every buyer, thereby protecting clearing participants from counterparty risk and allowing the settlement of trades in the event of a clearing participant default. Cboe Clear Europe only assumes the guarantor role if it has an equal and offsetting claim against a clearing participant. For the period ended December 31, 2022, there have been no events of default for which a liability is required to be recognized in accordance with GAAP. 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 other central counterparties CCPs ). Under these arrangements, margin is paid to, and received from, the other CCPs. The interoperability fund consists of collateral pledged by Cboe Clear Europe to the other interoperable CCPs, to cover margin calls Cboe Clear Europe received from other interoperable CCPs. For Cboe Clear Europe, the collateral pledged by the clearing participants is maintained in an interoperability fund designated account. Cboe Clear Europe does not have any economic interest or ownership in the collateral; therefore, these balances are not included in the consolidated balance sheets. Clearing funds Interoperability funds (1) Total December 31, 2021 Cash Contributions Non-Cash Contributions (1) Total Contributions Margin deposits Clearing funds Interoperability funds (1) Total 

 (1) These amounts are not reflected in the consolidated balance sheets, as Cboe Clear Europe does not take economic ownership of these balances. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 Default and Liquidity Waterfalls The default waterfall is the priority order in which the capital resources are expected to be utilized in the event of a default where the defaulting clearing participant s collateral would not be sufficient to cover the cost to liquidate its portfolio. If a default occurs and the defaulting clearing participant s collateral, including margin deposits and clearing fund deposits, are depleted, then additional capital is utilized in the following order: Cboe Clear Europe dedicated own resources: The Cboe Clear Europe default waterfall first utilizes its own dedicated resources ahead of clearing fund contributions of non-defaulting clearing participants, up to of Cboe Clear Europe capital requirements discussed in Note 18 Regulatory Capital ). Clearing fund: Second, the Cboe Clear Europe default waterfall utilizes traditional CCP risk mutualization, in the event that default losses fully exhaust Cboe Clear Europe s dedicated own resources amount, whereby contributions applicable to a particular product class are applied first to any loss attributable to that product class. Pro rata contributions: Third, if the default losses caused cannot be covered by the first two layers, the non-defaulting clearing participants shall on demand make additional payments to Cboe Clear Europe on a pro rata basis in proportion to the amount of their clearing fund contributions to cover any such remaining losses, which is limited to an amount equal to twice their clearing fund contribution as established under Cboe Clear Europe s rules and regulations. In this scenario, contributions applicable to a particular product class are first applied to any losses attributable to that product class. 
 In addition to the default waterfall, the liquidity waterfall is the priority order in which the liquidity resources are expected to be utilized for Cboe Clear Europe s ordinary course business operations and in situations when additional liquidity resources and liquidity measures may be activated in case of a potential liquidity shortfall. Liquidity, intraday or overnight, is mainly required for securities settlement. In ordinary course business circumstances, liquidity resources include the collateral directly deposited with Cboe Clear Europe, FX swap arrangements, and reverse repurchase agreements, as well as the use of the Facility . Cboe Clear Digital Cboe Clear Digital is a digital asset clearinghouse and central counterparty that provides clearing and settlement of digital asset trades. Cboe Clear Digital clears cryptocurrencies from U.S. jurisdictions authorized by license or not subject to licensing. Cboe Clear Digital performs a guarantee function whereby Cboe Clear Digital helps to ensure that the obligations of the transactions it clears are fulfilled. Cboe Clear Digital attempts to mitigate this risk by performing internal compliance and due diligence procedures as well as implementing internal risk controls. Cboe Clear Digital s due diligence procedures include review of the personal and corporate information, financial position of the member participant, and monitoring of Cboe Clear Digital s risk exposure thresholds. As of December 31, 2022, Cboe Clear Digital does not expect a material loss concerning credit risk on any member participant. The Company includes customer cash deposits on the consolidated balance sheets in margin deposits and clearing funds and includes customer digital assets on the consolidated balance sheets in digital assets - safeguarded assets, with a corresponding offset in digital assets - safeguarded liabilities. Additional details on safeguarded digital assets held can be found in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ). Digital assets - safeguarded assets Total 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 Ethereum ETH Litecoin LTC Bitcoin Cash BCH USD Coin USDC 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Marketable securities (1): Mutual funds Money market funds Digital assets - safeguarded assets Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities Cboe Digital restricted common units liability (2) Cboe Digital warrant liability (2) Total Liabilities 

December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: U.S. Treasury securities (1) Marketable securities (1): Mutual funds Money market funds Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities Total Liabilities ____________________________________ (1) These amounts are reflected within financial investments in the consolidated balance sheets. (2) These amounts are reflected within other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The following is a description of the Company s valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Financial Investments Financial investments consist of highly liquid U.S. Treasury securities, and marketable securities held in a trust for the Company s non-qualified retirement and benefit plans, also referred to as deferred compensation plan assets. The deferred compensation plan assets have an equal and offsetting deferred compensation plan liability based on the value of the deferred compensation plan assets. These securities are valued by obtaining feeds from a number of live data sources, including active market makers and inter dealer brokers and therefore categorized as Level 1. No material adjustments were made to the carrying value of financial investments for the period ended December 31, 2022. See Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans for more information. Digital Assets Safeguarded Assets and Liabilities Digital assets safeguarded assets and liabilities consist of Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and USD Coin. The Company has determined the principal marketplace for digital assets to be the spot market of Cboe Digital Exchange, LLC Cboe Digital Exchange ). The Company valued digital assets safeguarded assets, and digital assets safeguarded liabilities by using the closing prices at 4:00pm Central Standard Time on Cboe Digital Exchange s spot market Cboe Digital spot market as of December 31, 2022. These inputs are categorized in the fair value hierarchy as Level 1 as the marketplace is considered active. See Note 14 Clearing Operations for additional details regarding digital assets held. 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 million. That value is based on the Company s estimate of the likelihood that certain performance targets in the respective acquisition agreements are expected to be accomplished. See Note 5 Acquisitions for more information on the adjustment to contingent consideration liabilities during the year ended December, 31, 2022. In connection with the contingent consideration arrangements, the Company paid a total of million in contingent consideration to the sellers of Hanweck, FT Options, MATCHNow, TradeAlert, and Cboe Asia Pacific during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, MATCHNow contingent consideration expired in December, 2022, and the remaining balance was not achieved, and thus written off and resulted in an operating gain of million for the Company. Because the fair value measurements relating to the contingent consideration liabilities are subject to management judgment, measurement uncertainty is inherent in the valuation of the contingent consideration liabilities as of the reporting date. Based on the recorded balance of the liabilities, any measurement uncertainty related to this Level 3 measurement is immaterial as of December 31, 2022. Cboe Digital Syndication Liabilities On November 18, 2022, Cboe Digital Holdings Inc. Cboe Digital Holdings entered into minority interest purchase agreements with certain digital asset industry participants, pursuant to which Cboe Digital Holdings agreed to issue Restricted Common Units in Cboe Digital. Cboe Digital Holdings also entered into a Warrant Agreement to issue Common Units of Cboe Digital in the future. Certain Cboe Digital investor members paid for the Restricted Common Units through the issuance of promissory notes, which are nonrecourse in nature and are accounted for as in-substance stock options. Expense associated with the Restricted Common Units is recognized as contra-revenue ratably over a five-year period. The Company uses a Black Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of the in-substance stock option created by the Restricted Common Units and promissory notes as well as the fair value of the Warrant. Contra-revenue will be recognized while the performance conditions of the Warrant remain probable in conformance with the requirements in ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Further adjustments will be recognized in each reporting period until performance is complete relating to changes in the fair value of the option and Warrant liabilities in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. Based on the recorded balance of the liabilities, any measurement uncertainty related to this Level 3 measurement is immaterial as of December 31, 2022. See Note 19 Stock-based Compensation for more information. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Certain assets, such as goodwill and intangible assets, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. For goodwill, the process involves using a market approach and income approach (using discounted estimated cash flows) to determine the fair value of each reporting unit on a stand-alone basis. That fair value is compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including its recorded goodwill. In connection with the annual impairment evaluation of goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles, impairment is considered to have occurred if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than the carrying value of the reporting unit. See Digital Assets Held below and Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion of valuation considerations specific to digital assets held. For the other intangible assets, the process also involves using a discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of each intangible asset. Impairment is considered to have occurred if the fair value of the intangible asset is lower than its carrying value. These measurements are considered Level 3 and these assets are recognized at fair value if they are deemed to be impaired. The Company performed impairment testing during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, as there were market events that indicated it was more likely than not that these assets were impaired, resulting in the recognition of an impairment charge to goodwill related to Cboe Digital. Subsequently, the Company concluded that the indicators of impairment observed during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, continued to be relevant and recorded additional goodwill impairment in the consolidated statements of income for the three months ended September 30, 2022. The Company determined there were no further impairment indicators for the period ended December 31, 2022. See Note 10 Goodwill, Intangible Assets, net, and Digital Assets Held for more information on the impairment. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values that are valued using the measurement alternative are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. See Note 6 Investments for more information. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge on its investments in American Financial Exchange, LLC. No observable transactions or impairments impacted the measurements of the investments accounted for as other equity investments. See Note 6 Investments for more information. 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred compensation plan assets (1) Digital assets - safeguarded assets Digital assets held (2) Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities Deferred compensation plan liabilities (3) Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities Cboe Digital restricted common units liability (3) Cboe Digital warrant liability (3) Debt Total liabilities 

December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: U.S. Treasury securities (1) Deferred compensation plan assets (1) Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities Deferred compensation plan liabilities (3) Debt Total liabilities ________________________________________ (1) These amounts are reflected within financial investments in the consolidated balance sheets. (2) These amounts are reflected within intangible assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets. (3) These amounts are reflected within other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Certain financial assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, income tax receivable, accounts payable and Section 31 fees payable, and notes receivable are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, but the carrying values approximate fair value due to their liquid or short-term nature. Debt The debt balance consists of fixed rate Senior Notes and a floating rate Term Loan Agreement. The fair values of the Senior Notes are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy and are estimated using prevailing market quotes. The fair value of the Term Loan Agreement was determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis and is considered a Level 2 measurement. Senior Notes Senior Notes Senior Notes 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 other exchanges (Coinbase, Bitstamp, and Kraken) to assess for reasonableness. These inputs are categorized in the fair value hierarchy as Level 1 as the marketplace is considered active. Information on Level 3 Financial Liabilities The following table sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions): ) ) ) ) Cboe Digital restricted common units liability Cboe Digital warrant liability Total Liabilities ) ) ) ) Level 3 Financial Liabilities for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Balance at Realized (gains) Foreign Beginning of losses during Currency Balances at Period period Adjustments Additions Settlements Translation End of Period Liabilities Contingent consideration liabilities ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) reportable business segments prior to the quarter ended June 30, 2022. As a result of the acquisition of ErisX, subsequently rebranded to Cboe Digital, as of June 30, 2022, the Company operates reportable segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital which is reflective of how the Company s chief operating decision-maker reviews and operates the business, as discussed in Note 1 Nature of Operations ). Segment performance is primarily evaluated based on operating income (loss). The Company s chief operating decision-maker does not use segment-level assets or income and expenses below operating income (loss) as key performance metrics; therefore, such information is not presented below. The Company has aggregated all of its corporate costs, as well as other business ventures, within the Corporate Items and Eliminations totals based on the decision that those activities should not be used to evaluate the operating performance of the segments; however, operating expenses that relate to activities of a specific segment have been allocated to that segment. Options. The Options segment includes options on market indices index options ), as well as on the stocks of individual corporations equity options ), and options on ETPs, such as exchange-traded funds ETFs and exchange-traded notes ETNs ), which are multi-listed options and listed on a non-exclusive basis. These options are eligible to trade, as applicable, on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and/or other U.S. national security exchanges. Cboe Options is the Company s primary options market and offers trading in listed options through a single system that integrates electronic trading and traditional open outcry trading on the Cboe Options trading floor in Chicago. C2 Options, BZX Options, and EDGX Options are all-electronic options exchanges, and typically operate with different market models and fee structures than Cboe Options. The Options segment also includes applicable market data fees generated from the 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 Operating income (loss) ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Revenues Operating income (loss) ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Revenues Operating income (loss) ) 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 million at December 31, 2022. Although the value of the plan is recorded in financial investments on the consolidated balance sheets, there is an equal and offsetting liability in other non-current liabilities. The investment results of these plans have no impact on net income as the investment results are recorded in equal amounts to both other expense, net and compensation and benefits expense in the consolidated statements of income. The Company contributed million, million, and million to the defined contribution plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Eligible employees outside of the U.S., which includes employees of Cboe Europe, Cboe NL, Cboe Clear Europe, MATCHNow, BIDS, Cboe Asia Pacific, and NEO, as of the respective acquisition dates, are eligible to participate in various employee-selected stakeholder contribution plans or plans covered by local jurisdictions or by applicable laws. The Company s contribution amounted to million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. This expense is included in compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of income. Prior to the end of 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved cash and equity deferred compensation plans for Directors, that will be maintained by the Company, in which eligible Directors may, starting January 1, 2023, contribute a percentage of their cash and equity compensation and defer income taxes thereon. of aggregate indebtedness items, as defined, or million. As a broker-dealer in its first 12 months of operations, Cboe Fixed Income was required to maintain net capital equal to the greater of of aggregate indebtedness items, as defined, or thousand. As entities regulated by the FCA, Cboe Europe is subject to the Financial Resource Requirement FRR and Cboe Chi-X Europe is subject to the Capital Resources Requirement CRR ). As a RIE, Cboe Europe computes its FRR in accordance with its Financial Risk Assessment, as agreed by the FCA. In accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive of the FCA requirements, Cboe Chi-X Europe computes its CRR as the greater of the base requirement of million as of December 31, 2022, or the summation of the credit risk, market risk and fixed overheads requirements, as defined. On March 8, 2019, Cboe NL received approval from the Dutch Ministry of Finance to operate a RM, a MTF, and an approved publication arrangement in the Netherlands. As a RM, Cboe NL is subject to minimum capital requirements, as established by the Dutch Ministry of Finance in the license dated March 8, 2019. 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must be equal to at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets, which may include a line of credit, must be equal to at least six months of its projected operating costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. As a swap execution facility regulated by the CFTC, Cboe SEF is required to meet capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must exceed at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets must be equal to the greater of: (a) three months of projected operating costs or (b) its projected wind-down costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. As a designated contract organization regulated by the CFTC, Cboe Digital Exchange, LLC is required to meet capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must be equal to at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets, which may include a line of credit, must be equal to at least six months of its projected operating costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. As a derivatives clearing organization regulated by the CFTC, Cboe Clear Digital, LLC is required to meet capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must be equal to at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets, which may include a line of credit, must be equal to at least six months of its projected operating costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. NEO is regulated by the Ontario Securities Commission OSC ). NEO is required to maintain sufficient financial resources for the proper performance of its functions and to meet its responsibilities. NEO must calculate the following financial ratios monthly: (i) current ratio, (ii) a debt to cash flow ratio, and (iii) a financial leverage ratio. NEO must report the monthly calculations to the OSC on a quarterly basis. Cboe Australia is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC ). Cboe Australia is required to maintain sufficient financial resources to operate the market properly in accordance with Section 794A(d) of the Corporations Act, which Cboe Australia satisfies by maintaining a prudent cash reserve, which must be equal to at least six months of its projected operating expenses. Cboe Japan is regulated by the Japanese Financial Services Agency JFSA and the Japan Securities Dealers Association JSDA ). Cboe Japan is required to maintain a minimum level of regulatory capital ratio of in accordance with such requirements prescribed by the JFSA and JSDA. 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 BIDS Trading FINRA/SEC Cboe Fixed Income Markets FINRA/SEC Cboe Europe FCA Cboe Chi-X Europe FCA Cboe NL Dutch Authority for Financial Markets Cboe Clear Europe DNB MATCHNow IIROC CFE CFTC Cboe SEF CFTC Cboe Digital Exchange CFTC Cboe Clear Digital CFTC Cboe Australia ASIC Cboe Japan JFSA million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense relating to employee and director awards is included in compensation and benefits and acquisition-related costs in the consolidated statements of income. Stock-based compensation expense relating to awards granted to customers of Cboe Digital are recorded as contra-revenue. The activity in the Company s stock options and restricted stock, consisting of restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs ), and performance-based restricted stock units PSUs ), was as follows: Stock Options Summary stock option activity is presented below: Exercised Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Exercised Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Exercised Outstanding and exercisable December 31, 2022 All outstanding stock options were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2020. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised in the year ended December 31, 2020 was million. 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock at December 31, 2022 RSAs granted to non-employee members of the Board of Directors have a vesting period and vesting accelerates upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Company. Unvested portions of the RSAs will be forfeited if the director leaves the Board of Directors prior to the applicable vesting date. The RSAs have voting rights and entitle the holder to receive dividends. RSUs entitle the holder to share of common stock upon vesting, typically vest over a period, and vesting accelerates upon the occurrence of a change in control or a termination of employment following a change in control or in the event of a participant s earlier death or disability. Vesting will also accelerate upon a qualified retirement where applicable and permitted. Where applicable and permitted, qualified retirement eligibility occurs once achieving years of age and years of service for grants awarded in and after 2017. Unvested RSUs will be forfeited if the officer, or employee leaves the Company prior to the applicable vesting date, except in limited circumstances. The RSUs have no voting rights but entitle the holder to receive dividend equivalents. In the year ended December 31, 2022, to satisfy employees tax obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock, the Company purchased shares of common stock totaling million as the result of the vesting of shares of restricted stock. PSUs The following table summarizes restricted stock units contingent upon achievement of performance conditions, also known as PSUs, activity during the year ended December 31, 2022: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock at December 31, 2022 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 PSUs include awards related to earnings per share during the performance period as well as awards related to total shareholder return during the performance period. The Company used the Monte Carlo valuation model method to estimate the fair value of the total shareholder return PSUs which incorporated the following assumptions for awards granted in February 2022: risk-free interest rate , volatility and correlation with S P 500 Index ), and incorporated the following assumptions for awards granted in May 2022: risk-free interest rate , volatility and correlation with S P 500 Index ). Each of these performance shares has a performance condition under which the number of units ultimately awarded will vary from to of the original grant, with each unit representing the contingent right to receive share of the Company s common stock. The vesting period for the PSUs contingent on the achievement of performance conditions is . For each of the performance awards, the PSUs will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock following vesting of the PSU assuming that the participant has been continuously employed during the vesting period, subject to acceleration in the event of a change in control of the Company, or a termination of employment following a change in control, or in the event of a participant s earlier death or disability. Participants have no voting rights with respect to the PSUs until the issuance of the shares of common stock. Dividends are accrued by the Company and will be paid once the PSUs contingent on the achievement of performance conditions vest. In the year ended December 31, 2022, to satisfy employees tax obligations upon the vesting of performance stock, the Company purchased shares of common stock totaling million as the result of the vesting of shares of performance stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were million in total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance stock units. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In May 2018, the Company s stockholders approved an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, ESPP ), under which a total of shares of the Company s common stock will be made available for purchase to employees. The ESPP is a broad-based plan that permits employees to contribute up to of wages and base salary to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount, subject to applicable annual Internal Revenue Service limitations. Under the ESPP, a participant may not purchase more than a maximum of shares of the Company s common stock during any single offering period. No participant may accrue options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a rate that exceeds in fair market value of the Company s common stock (determined at the time such options are granted) for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time. The exercise price per share of common stock shall be following September 15, 2022, and prior to September 15, 2022 (for eligible U.S. employees) or (for eligible international employees) of the lesser of the fair value of the stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or the applicable exercise date. The Company records compensation expense over the offering period related to the discount that is given to employees, which totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, shares were reserved for future issuance under the ESPP . Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units On November 18, 2022, Cboe Digital Holdings entered into minority interest purchase agreements with certain digital asset industry participants, pursuant to which Cboe Digital Holdings agreed to issue Restricted Common Units in Cboe Digital. In addition, certain investor members and their affiliates are our customers, including trading permit holders, trading privilege holders, participants, and members. Certain Cboe Digital investor members paid for the Restricted Common Units through the issuance of promissory notes, which are nonrecourse in nature. The issuances of Restricted Common Units for nonrecourse promissory notes are accounted for as in-substance stock options. The promissory notes generally bear interest at a rate of per annum and mature upon the earlier of the sale of vested Restricted Common Units, or either November 18, 2032 or November 18, 2037. A certain Cboe Digital investor member paid for the Restricted Common Units in exchange for cash. 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 Vested Outstanding and exercisable December 31, 2022 Vesting of Restricted Common Units is based on certain conditions relating to the participation and performance of the Cboe Digital investor members on the Cboe Digital platforms, generally over a period. Performance is generally measured based on participation on the Cboe Digital platforms and the investor members maintaining certain average daily volumes on the platforms. Due to the existence of an option for investor members to sell their shares immediately after vesting, the options are liability classified. The options expire upon the maturity of the promissory notes, which is either November 18, 2032 or November 18, 2037, unless the options are exercised. The cost associated with the options will be recognized as contra-revenue, net of actual forfeitures and based on the continued probability of the satisfaction of performance conditions ratably over the vesting period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, contra-revenue related to the options grants was recognized. As of December 31, 2022, million of contra-revenue related to the options grants is included in Other assets, net within the consolidated balance sheets and is expected to be recognized in net revenue in the consolidated statements of income over the remaining contractual term. Changes in the fair value of the options, subsequent to the grant date, is recognized as other revenue or expense in the period in which the fair value of the options changes. The Company uses a Black Scholes pricing model to estimate the fair value of the in-substance stock options which incorporated the following assumptions as of December 31, 2022: risk-free interest rate range to , expected dividend rate , expected volatility , and expected term of five to . For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was change in the fair value of the options grants since the grant date. Cboe Digital Warrants On November 18, 2022, Cboe Digital Holdings entered into a Warrant Agreement with an investor member to acquire up to Common Units of Cboe Digital, subject to certain vesting events. The investor member is a customer of Cboe Digital. The vesting of the Warrant is based upon the achievement of certain conditions relating to the service provided by the investor member over a period, of which some conditions represent conditions that are not service, performance, or market conditions and, therefore, the Warrant is liability classified. As of December 31, 2022, portion of the Warrant has vested. The cost associated with the Warrant will be recognized as contra-revenue ratably throughout the expected life of the Warrant before exercise. For the year ended December 31, 2022, contra-revenue related to the Warrant was recognized. As of December 31, 2022, million of contra-revenue related to the Warrant is included in Other assets, net within the consolidated balance sheets and is expected to be recognized in net revenue in the consolidated statements of income over the remaining life of the Warrant. 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 Vested Outstanding and exercisable December 31, 2022 Changes in the fair value of the Warrant, subsequent to the grant date, is recognized as other revenue or expense in the period in which the fair value of the Warrant changes. The Company uses a Black Scholes pricing model to estimate the fair value of the Warrant which incorporated the following assumptions as of December 31, 2022: risk-free interest rate , expected dividend rate , expected volatility , and expected term of . For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was change in the fair value of the Warrant since the grant date. shares of the Company s common stock were authorized, par value, and and shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. The holders of common stock are entitled to vote per share. Common Stock in Treasury, at Cost The Company accounts for the purchase of treasury stock under the cost method with the shares of stock repurchased reflected as a reduction to Cboe stockholders equity and included in common stock in treasury, at cost in the consolidated balance sheets. Shares repurchased under the Company s share repurchase program are retired or they are available to be redistributed. When treasury shares are redistributed, they are recorded at the average cost of the treasury shares acquired. When treasury shares are retired, they are removed from the common stock in treasury balance. The Company held and shares of common stock in treasury as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. On December 21, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the retirement of shares of treasury stock These shares represent shares that were repurchased as part of the Company s share repurchase program since December, 2021. The retirement was recorded as a decrease to treasury stock, common stock, and additional paid in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. Share Repurchase Program In 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of million and subsequently approved additional authorizations, for a total authorization of billion. The Company expects to fund repurchases primarily through the use of existing cash balances. The program permits the Company to purchase shares, through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law H.R. 5376 (commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 or simply the IRA ). Tax measures contained in the IRA include, among other items, an excise tax of 1 on corporate stock buy-backs. The IRA imposes a new 1 excise tax on repurchases of stock by domestic corporations with stock traded on established securities markets. The amount on which the tax is imposed is reduced by the value of any stock issued by such corporation during the tax year and the tax generally applies to stock buy-back transactions occurring after December 31, 2022. This new tax is not expected to result in a material impact to the Company. 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of , totaling million. Since inception of the program through December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased shares of common stock at an average cost per share of , totaling billion. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations. The table below shows the repurchased shares of common stock under the Company s share repurchase program during the periods presented as follows: Third quarter Second quarter First quarter Total open market common stock repurchases 2021 Fourth quarter Third quarter Second quarter First quarter Total open market common stock repurchases 2020 Fourth quarter Third quarter Second quarter First quarter Total open market common stock repurchases Purchase of Common Stock from Employees The Company purchased and shares that were not part of the publicly announced share repurchase authorization from employees for an average price paid per share of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These shares consisted of shares retained to cover payroll withholding taxes or option costs in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and performance share awards. Preferred Stock The Company has authorized the issuance of shares of preferred stock, par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding . Dividends During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company declared and paid cash dividends per share of , for an aggregate payout of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company declared and paid cash dividends per share of , for an aggregate payout of million. Each share of common stock, including RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs, is entitled to receive dividend and dividend equivalents, respectively, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company s expectation is to continue to pay dividends. The decision to pay a dividend, however, remains within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and may be affected by various factors, including earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 Property, equipment and technology, net Investments Operating leases Other Subtotal Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangibles ) ) Property, equipment and technology, net ) ) Investments ) Prepaid expenses or assets ) ) Operating leases ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) The Company provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if, based on management s assessment of historical and projected future operating results and other available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. A valuation allowance of million and million was recorded against gross deferred tax assets for certain investments, net operating and capital losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has capital loss carryforwards of million, which, if unused, will expire in 2024. The Company considers its non-U.S. earnings to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. to the extent these earnings are not subject to U.S. income tax under an anti-deferral tax regime. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings in these subsidiaries is million. Given our intent to reinvest these earnings for an indefinite period of time, the Company has not accrued a deferred tax liability on these earnings. A determination of an unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings is not practicable. 
 147 

Table of Contents 
 State Foreign Total current tax expense Deferred income tax (benefit) expense: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Total Foreign operations Total Impact of federal, state and local tax law rate changes, net ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit Uncertain tax positions Deduction for foreign-derived intangible income ) ) ) Valuation allowance Other, net Effective income tax rate Gross increases on unrecognized tax benefits in prior period Gross decreases on unrecognized tax benefits in prior period ) Gross increases on unrecognized tax benefits in current period Settlements ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance as of December 31 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had million, million, and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, net of federal benefit, which, if recognized in the future, would affect the effective income tax rate. Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits from the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations and potential audit settlements during the next twelve months are estimated to be approximately million. Estimated interest costs and penalties are classified as part of the provision for income taxes in the Company s consolidated statements of income and were million, million, and million, for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accrued interest and penalties were million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 The Company petitioned the U.S. Tax Court on January 13, 2017, May 7, 2018, and November 29, 2018 for a redetermination of IRS notices of deficiency for Cboe and certain of its subsidiaries for tax years 2011 through 2015 related to its Section 199 deduction claims. These petitions resulted in the establishment of cases before the U.S. Tax Court. The Company also filed a complaint on October 9, 2018 with the Court of Federal Claims for a refund of Section 199 claims related to tax years 2008 through 2010, the complaint resulted in the establishment of a single case before the Court of Federal Claims. The first case that went to trial involved certain subsidiaries related to electronic trading for tax years 2011 through 2013. The U.S. Tax Court held the trial remotely from May 24, 2021 to June 1, 2021. On March 31, 2022, the U.S. Tax Court issued its decision rejecting the Company s basis for its Petition (the Section 199 Opinion ). On May 26, 2022, the U.S. Tax Court entered its decision, which gave effect to the Section 199 Opinion. On August 12, 2022, the Company filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, and briefing is underway. cases remain pending in U.S. Tax Court, as does the case pending before the Court of Federal Claims. Trial dates in those cases have not been established. One of the two cases pending before the U.S. Tax Court involves certain subsidiaries (different from those that were involved in the first case that went to trial) related to trading for tax years 2011 through 2013. On August 26, 2022, the IRS filed a motion for partial summary judgment, and briefing has concluded. On February 2, 2023, the U.S. Tax Court issued an order denying the IRS s motion for partial summary judgement. As a result of the Section 199 Opinion, the Company s Section 199 positions no longer meet the recognition threshold provided by ASC 740 10. Accordingly, in the first quarter of 2022, the Company increased its provision for income taxes in order to fully reserve for the expected aggregate amount of additional liabilities that the Company currently expects would result from these cases if they were all decided against the Company. Tax measures contained in the IRA, among other items, a corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 . The new 15 corporate alternative minimum tax is based on the adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations reporting at least 1 billion average adjusted pre-tax net income on their consolidated financial statements for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. This new tax is not expected to result in a material impact to the Company. 
 149 

Table of Contents 
 Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Basic earnings per share denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share numerator: Net income Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Diluted earnings per share denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive common shares issued under stock program Total dilutive weighted average shares Diluted earnings per share For the periods presented, the Company did not have shares of stock-based compensation that would have an anti-dilutive effect on the computation of diluted earnings per share . 
 150 

Table of Contents 
 and million each year for the next five years . NEO has purchase obligations primarily related to software development activities of million in total over the next . See Note 14 Clearing Operations for information on the clearinghouse exposure guarantees for Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital. See Note 24 Leases for information on lease obligations. , with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to or more, and some of which include the Company s option to terminate the leases within . During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of 
 151 

Table of Contents 
 million of lease liabilities were added related to new operating leases, including the addition of million of right of use assets and lease liabilities related to acquisitions. Additionally, in October 2021, the Company signed a new lease to secure approximately square feet of office space in Amsterdam. The initial term of the lease is from the accounting commencement date, February 1, 2022. The Company has the option to renew the lease term for an additional . The total legally binding minimum lease payments for this lease are approximately million. Total leased assets Accrued liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Total leased liabilities Lease term and discount rate information: Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

 (1) Includes short-term lease and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. The total rent expense related to lease obligations, reflected in technology support services and facilities costs line items on the consolidated statements of income, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 (1) Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

 (1) Total lease payments include million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. 
 
 152 

Table of Contents 
 RSUs and PSUs, with an effective date of February 19, 2023 , to certain officers and employees at a fair value, based on the closing price of the Company s stock on the grant date. The shares have a vesting period based on achievement of certain service, performance and/or market conditions and vesting accelerates upon the occurrence of a termination of employment following a change in control of the Company or in the event of earlier death, disability or, if applicable, qualified retirement. On February 9, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share. The dividend is payable on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 28, 2023. There have been no additional subsequent events that would require disclosure in, or adjustment to, the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 153 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management based its assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management s assessment included evaluating the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing the operational effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The results of its assessment were reviewed with the audit committee of the Board of Directors. Management s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, excluded Cboe Digital Intermediate Holdings, LLC (formerly known as Eris Digital Holdings, LLC) and its subsidiaries Cboe Digital ), as well as Aequitas Innovations, Inc. and its subsidiaries NEO ), acquired on May 2, 2022 and June 1, 2022, respectively. The acquired businesses had aggregate total assets and total stockholders equity of 336.4 million and 302.2 million, respectively, and total revenues and revenues less costs of revenues of 22.8 million and 12.9 million, respectively, which are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have integrated the acquired Cboe Asia Pacific operations into our overall internal controls over financial reporting. No changes occurred in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during fourth quarter 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Based on its assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, internal control over financial reporting is effective. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report on page 102. Item 9B. Other Information Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 154 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information relating to our directors, including our audit committee and audit committee financial experts and the procedures by which stockholders can recommend director nominees, and our executive officers will be in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders planned to be held on May 11, 2023, which will be filed within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to our executive officers is included on pages 31 and 32 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as all other employees and directors. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at https://ir.cboe.com/corporate-governance/code-of-business-conduct-and-ethics. We will also provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to stockholders at no charge upon written request. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information relating to our executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of our Board of Directors will be in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management will be in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 155 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related reports of management and our independent registered public accounting firm which are required to be filed as part of this report are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning at page 101. These consolidated financial statements are as follows: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 The Company has not included any financial statement schedules because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (3) List of Exhibits 
 See (b) Exhibits below (b) Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on October 17, 2017. 3.2 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on August 5, 2021. 4.1 Indenture, dated as of January 12, 2017, by and between the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (f/k/a CBOE Holdings, Inc.) and Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on January 12, 2017. 4.2 Officer s Certificate, dated as of January 12, 2017, establishing the 3.650 Senior Notes due 2027 of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (f/k/a CBOE Holdings, Inc.), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on January 12, 2017. 4.3 Form of 3.650 Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.2 hereto). 4.4 Officer s Certificate, dated as of December 15, 2020, establishing the 1.625 Senior Notes due 2030 of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on December 15, 2020. 4.5 Form of 1.625 Senior Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.4 hereto). 
 156 

Table of Contents 
 4.6 Officers Certificate, dated as of March 16, 2022, establishing the 3.000 Senior Notes due 2032 of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on March 16, 2022. 4.7 Form of 3.000 Senior Notes due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.6 hereto). 4.8 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2020. 10.1 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2018, by and among Cboe Global Markets, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lender parties thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on March 23, 2018. 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2020, by and among Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lender parties thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on June 3, 2020. 10.3 Amendment No. 2 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2021, by and between Cboe Global Markets, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and initial lender, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on July 1, 2021. 10.4 Amendment No. 3 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2022, by and among between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and initial lender, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on April 1, 2022. 10.5 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2020, by and among Cboe Global Markets, Inc., with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as swing line lender, certain lenders named therein, BofA Securities, Inc., as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner and certain syndication agents named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on December 22, 2020. 10.6 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, by and among Cboe Global Markets, Inc., with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as swing line lender, certain lenders named therein, BofA Securities, Inc., as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner and certain syndication agents named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 28, 2022. 10.7 Facility Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, by and among European Central Counterparty N.V. as borrower, Cboe Global Markets, Inc. as guarantor, Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Designated Activity Company, as co-ordinator, facility agent, lender, sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner, Citibank N.A., as security agent, and certain lenders named therein (the Facility Agreement ), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on July 1, 2020. 10.8 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, by and among European Central Counterparty N.V., Cboe Global Markets, Inc., as guarantor, Bank of America Europe Designated Activity Company, as co-ordinator and facility agent and Citibank N.A., London Branch as security agent relating to the Facility Agreement (as amended and restated), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on July 2, 2021. 10.9 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, by and among European Central Counterparty N.V., as borrower, Cboe Global Markets, Inc., as guarantor, Bank of America Europe Designated Activity Company, as co-ordinator and facility agent and Citibank N.A., London Branch as security agent relating to the Facility Agreement (as amended and restated), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on July 5, 2022. 10.10 Restated License Agreement, dated November 1, 1994, by and between Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC (as successor-in-interest to Standard Poor s, a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.) and Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) (the S P License Agreement ), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 
 157 

Table of Contents 
 10.11 Amendment No. 1 to the S P License Agreement, dated January 15, 1995, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.12 Amendment No. 2 to the S P License Agreement, dated April 1, 1998, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.13 Amendment No. 3 to the S P License Agreement, dated July 28, 2000, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.14 Amendment No. 4 to the S P License Agreement, dated October 27, 2000, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.15 Amendment No. 5 to the S P License Agreement, dated March 1, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.16 Amended and Restated Amendment No. 6 to the S P License Agreement, dated February 24, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.17 Amended and Restated Amendment No. 7 to the S P License Agreement, dated February 24, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.18 Amendment No. 8 to the S P License Agreement, dated January 9, 2005, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.19 Amendment No. 10 to the S P License Agreement, dated June 19, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on April 12, 2010.+ 10.20 Amendment No. 11 to the S P License Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2010, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on May 11, 2010. 10.21 Amendment No. 12 to the S P License Agreement, dated March 9, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on May 7, 2013. + 10.22 Amendment No. 13 to the S P License Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on December 22, 2017.+ 10.23 Amendment No. 14 to the S P License Agreement, dated December 20, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2019. 10.24 Amendment No. 15 to the S P License Agreement, dated January 25, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2019. 
 158 

Table of Contents 
 10.25 Amendment No. 16 to the S P License Agreement, made as of April 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on July 31, 2020. 10.26 Amendment No. 17 to the S P License Agreement, made as of August 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on October 30, 2020. + 10.27 Amendment No. 18 to the S P License Agreement, made as of October 26, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on October 29, 2021.+ 10.28 Amendment No. 19 to the S P License Agreement, effective as of February 23, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on April 29, 2022. 10.29 Amendment No. 20 to the S P License Agreement, effective as of April 25, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on July 29, 2022.+ 10.30 Amendment No. 21 to the S P License Agreement, effective as of October 20, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on November 4, 2022. 10.31 Amendment No. 22 to the S P License Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on November 4, 2022.+ 10.32 Form of Amended and Restated Director Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 (File No. 001-34774) filed on August 4, 2017. 10.33 Employment Agreement, by and between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Edward Tilly, dated February 11, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 14, 2020. 10.34 Employment Agreement, by and between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Edward Tilly, dated February 9, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 14, 2023. 10.35 Offer Letter Agreement for David Howson, dated December 19, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2020. 10.36 Form of UK Executive Employment Agreement between Bats Global Markets, Inc. and certain executive officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 3 to Bats Global Markets, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208565) filed on April 4, 2016. 10.37 Relocation Benefits for David Howson, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-34774) filed on July 29, 2022. 10.38 Cancellation Amendment of Employment Agreement and Participation in Executive Severance Plan, signed November 16, 2022, by and between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and David Howson, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on November 17, 2022. 10.39 Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Executive Retirement Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on August 14, 2009. 10.40 Amendments to the Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Executive Retirement Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2017. 10.41 Amendments to the Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Executive Retirement Plan (filed herewith). 
 159 

Table of Contents 
 10.42 Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Supplemental Retirement Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on August 14, 2009. 10.43 Amendment No. 1 to the Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Supplemental Retirement Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010 (File No. 001-34774) filed on November 12, 2010. 10.44 Amendments to the Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Supplemental Retirement Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2017. 10.45 Amendments to the Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Supplemental Retirement Plan (filed herewith). 10.46 Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-140574) filed on August 14, 2009. 10.47 Amendments to the Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2017. 10.48 Amendments to the Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated) Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers (filed herewith). 10.49 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on August 2, 2018. 10.50 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 12, 2021. 10.51 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on May 18, 2018. 10.52 Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (f/k/a CBOE Holdings, Inc.) Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on May 24, 2016. 10.53 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan (filed herewith). 10.54 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (for Non-employee Directors), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-34774) filed on May 11, 2017. 10.55 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (for Non-employee CDN Directors), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on August 2, 2019. 10.56 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Non-employee US and CDN Directors) (filed herewith). 10.57 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Non-employee CDN Directors) (filed herewith). 10.58 Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Executive Officers), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2019. 10.59 Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2019. 10.60 Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2019. 10.61 Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (3 Year Cliff Vest), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2019. 
 160 

Table of Contents 
 10.62 Form of 2020 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 14, 2020. 10.63 Form of 2020 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 14, 2020. 10.64 Form of 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Executive Officers), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2020. 10.65 Form of 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2020. 10.66 Form of 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2020. 10.67 Form of 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (3 Year Cliff Vest), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 22, 2020. 10.68 Form of 2021 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 19, 2021. 10.69 Form of 2021 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 19, 2021. 10.70 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Executive Officers), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 19, 2021. 10.71 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 19, 2021. 10.72 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 19, 2021). 10.73 Form of 2022 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 18, 2022. 10.74 Form of 2022 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 18, 2022. 10.75 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Executive Officers), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 18, 2022. 10.76 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 18, 2022. 10.77 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 18, 2022. 10.78 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement without Retirement Vesting (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 18, 2022. 
 161 

Table of Contents 
 10.79 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement without Retirement Vesting (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 18, 2022. 10.80 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for David Howson, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on March 10, 2022. 10.81 Form of 2023 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 14, 2023. 10.82 Form of 2023 Edward Tilly Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34774) filed on February 14, 2023. 10.83 Form of 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Executive Officers) (filed herewith). 10.84 Form of 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (relative total shareholder return) (filed herewith). 10.85 Form of 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (earnings per share) (filed herewith). 10.86 Form of 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement without Retirement Vesting (relative total shareholder return) (filed herewith). 10.87 Form of 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement without Retirement Vesting (earnings per share) (filed herewith). 21.1 Subsidiaries of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (filed herewith). 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith). 24.1 Powers of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (filed herewith). 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (filed herewith). 32.1 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (filed herewith). 32.2 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (filed herewith). 101.INS iXBRL Instance Document (filed herewith). 101.SCH iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith). 101.CAL iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.DEF iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.LAB iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.PRE iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded as Inline XBRL document). 

 Indicates Management Compensatory Plan, Contract or Arrangement. +Certain confidential portions (as indicated therein) of this exhibit have been omitted. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 162 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (Registrant) Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ Brian N. Schell Name: Brian N. Schell Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) POWERS OF AT TORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Edward T. Tilly, as attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, to sign on his or her behalf, individually and in any and all capacities, including the capacities stated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting to said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ EDWARD T. TILLY Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer February 17, 2023 Edward T. Tilly (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ BRIAN N. SCHELL Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer February 17, 2023 Brian N. Schell (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ JILL M. GRIEBENOW Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 17, 2023 Jill M. Griebenow (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ WILLIAM M. FARROW III Director February 17, 2023 William M. Farrow III /s/ EDWARD J. FITZPATRICK Director February 17, 2023 Edward J. Fitzpatrick /s/ IVAN K. FONG Director February 17, 2023 Ivan K. Fong /s/ JANET P. FROETSCHER Director February 17, 2023 Janet P. Froetscher /s/ JILL R. GOODMAN Director February 17, 2023 Jill R. Goodman 
 163 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ ALEXANDER J. MATTURRI Director February 17, 2023 Alexander J. Matturri /s/ JENNIFER J. McPEEK Director February 17, 2023 Jennifer J. McPeek /s/ RODERICK A. PALMORE Director February 17, 2023 Roderick A. Palmore /s/ JAMES E. PARISI Director February 17, 2023 James E. Parisi /s/ JOSEPH P. RATTERMAN Director February 17, 2023 Joseph P. Ratterman /s/ EUGENE S. SUNSHINE Director February 17, 2023 Eugene S. Sunshine /s/ FREDRIC J. TOMCZYK Director February 17, 2023 Fredric J. Tomczyk 
 164 

<EX-10.41>
 2
 cboe-20221231xex10d41.htm
 EX-10.41

Exhibit 10.41 1.01 PLAN INFORMATION (a) Name of Plan: This is the Cboe Global Markets Executive Retirement Plan (the Plan ). (b) Plan Status Check one. ): (1) Adoption Agreement effective date: 01/01/2009 (2) The Adoption Agreement effective date is Check (A) or check and complete (B)): (A) A new Plan effective date. (B) An amendment and restatement of the Plan. The original effective date of the Plan was: 02/16/2005 . (c) Name of Administrator, if not the Employer: 
 1.02 EMPLOYER (a) Employer Name: Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (b) The term Employer includes the following Related Employer(s) (as defined in Section 2.01(a)(25)) participating in the Plan: Cboe Services Company EIN: 11-3817385 BIDS Holdings, L.P. EIN: 20-5087370 
 
 Plan Number: 44314 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

1.07 DISTRIBUTIONS The form and timing of distributions from the Participant s vested Account shall be made consistent with the elections in this Section 1.07. (a) (1) Distribution options to be provided to Participants (A) Specified Date (B) Specified Age (C) Separation From Service (D) Earlier of Separation or Age (E) Earlier of Separation or Specified Date (F) Disability (G) Change in Control (H) Death Deferral Contribution Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Matching Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Employer Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments 
 (Note: If the Employer elects (F), (G), or (H) above, the Employer must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above, and the Participant must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above. In the event the Employer elects only a single payment trigger and/or payment method above, then such single payment trigger and/or payment method shall automatically apply to the Participant. If the employer elects to provide for payment upon a specified date or age, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger(s), the employer must apply a minimum deferral period, the number of years of which must be greater than the number of years required for 100 vesting in any such amounts. If the employer elects to provide for payment upon disability and/or death, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger, the employer must also elect to apply 100 vesting in any such amounts upon disability and/or death.) (2) A Participant incurs a Disability when the Participant (Check at least one if Section 1.07(a)(1)(F) or if Section 1.08(e)(3) is elected) : 

(A) 
 is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

(B) 
 is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Employer. 

Plan Number: 44314 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

(C) 
 is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or the Railroad Retirement Board. 

(D) 
 is determined to be disabled pursuant to the following disability insurance program: ________________________________ the definition of disability under which complies with the requirements in regulations under Code section 409A. 

(Note: If more than one box above is checked, then the Participant will have a Disability if he satisfies at least one of the descriptions corresponding to one of such checked boxes.) (3) Regardless of any payment trigger and, as applicable, payment method, to which the Participant would otherwise be subject pursuant to (1) above, the first to occur of the following Plan-level payment triggers will cause payment to the Participant commencing pursuant to Section 1.07(c)(1) below in a lump sum, provided such Plan-level payment trigger occurs prior to the payment trigger to which the Participant would otherwise be subject. Payment Trigger (A) Separation from Service prior to: (B) Separation from Service (C) Death (D) Change in Control 
 (b) Distribution Election Change A Participant (1) shall (2) shall not 
 be permitted to modify a scheduled distribution election in accordance with Section 8.01(b) hereof. (c) Commencement of Distributions 
 Plan Number: 44314 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

(1) Each lump sum distribution and the first distribution in a series of installment payments (if applicable) shall commence as elected in (A), (B) or (C) below: (A) Monthly on the _______ day of the month which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). (B) Quarterly on the _____ day of the following months ____________, ______________, _______________, or____________ (list one month in each calendar quarter) which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). (C) Annually on the 1st day of February (month) which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). 
 (Note: Notwithstanding the above: a six-month delay shall be imposed with respect to certain distributions to Specified Employees; a Participant who chooses payment on a Specified Date will choose a month, year or quarter (as applicable) only, and payment will be made on the applicable date elected in (A), (B) or (C) above that falls within such month, year or quarter elected by the Participant.) (2) The commencement of distributions pursuant to the events elected in Section 1.07(a)(1) and Section 1.07(a)(3) shall be modified by application of the following: (A) Separation from Service Event Delay Separation from Service will be treated as not having occurred for _____ months after the date of such event. (B) Plan Level Delay all distribution events (other than those based on Specified Date or Specified Age) will be treated as not having occurred for _____ days (insert number of days but not more than 30). 
 (d) Installment Frequency and Duration If installments are available under the Plan pursuant to Section 1.07(a), a Participant shall be permitted to elect that the installments will be paid (Complete 1 and 2 below): (1) at the following intervals: (A) Monthly commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). (B) Quarterly commencing on the day elected in Section1.07 (c)(1) (with payments made at three-month intervals thereafter). (C) Annually commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). 
 (2) over the following term(s) (Complete either (A) or (B)) : (A) Any term of whole years between 2 (minimum of 1) and 10 (maximum of 30). 
 
 Plan Number: 44314 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

(B) Any of the whole year terms selected below. 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 
 (Note: Only elect a term of one year if Section 1.07(d)(1)(A) and/or Section 1.07(d)(1)(B) is elected above.) (e) Conversion to Lump Sum Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , if the Participant s vested Account at the time such Account becomes payable to him hereunder does not exceed ________ distribution of the Participant s vested Account shall automatically be made in the form of a single lump sum at the time prescribed in Section 1.07(c)(1). (f) Distribution Rules Applicable to Pre-effective Date Accruals Benefits accrued under the Plan (subject to Code section 409A) prior to the date in Section 1.01(b)(1) above are subject to distribution rules not described in Section 1.07(a) through (e), and such rules are described in Attachment A Re: PRE EFFECTIVE DATE ACCRUAL DISTRIBUTION RULES. 
 Plan Number: 44314 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE Plan Name: Cboe Global Markets Executive Retirement Plan (the Plan Employer: Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (Note: These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to these execution pages.) The following section(s) of the Plan are hereby amended effective as of the date(s) set forth below: Section Amended Effective Date 1.01(a) PLAN INFORMATION 1/1/2023 1.02 - EMPLOYER 1/1/2023 1.07 - (a) (1) DISTRIBUTION OPTIONS TO BE PROVIDED TO PARTICIPANTS 1/1/2023 ATTACHMENT B: SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS 1/1/2023 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date below. Employer: /s/ Brian N. Schell By: Brian N. Schell Title: CFO Date: 12.29.22 
 Plan Number: 44314 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

ATTACHMENT B Re: SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS for Plan Name: Cboe Global Markets Executive Retirement Plan (a) Superseding Provision(s) The following provisions supersede other provisions of this Adoption Agreement and/or the Basic Plan Document as described below: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.04, for purposes of determining Employer Contributions under the Plan, Compensation shall include only base compensation and bonuses (including amounts deferred by the Participant under the Chicago Board Options Exchange Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers). Compensation shall specifically exclude amounts contributed by the Employer under the Senior Executive Cafeteria Plan. 8.01(e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any Specified Employee, if the applicable payment trigger is Separation from Service, then payment shall not commence before the date that is six months after the date of Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death or Disability of the Specified Employee, pursuant to Section 7.02 and 7.07). Payments to which a Specified Employee would otherwise be entitled during the first six months following the date of Separation from Service are delayed by six months. 8.01(f) Article 8.01(f)(c) shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: The Plan Sponsor shall pay the value of the entire Participant s Balance in a single lump sum if the Participant s entire Account Balance, including any Specific Date account balances, at Separation from Service if the balance is less than the Internal Revenue Code 402(g)(1)(B) limit 22,500 in 2023). The single lump sum payment will be made at the time specified in Section 1.07(c)(1) 
 Plan Number: 44314 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.45>
 3
 cboe-20221231xex10d45.htm
 EX-10.45

Exhibit 10.45 1.01 PLAN INFORMATION (a) Name of Plan: This is the Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan (the Plan ). (b) Plan Status Check one. ): (1) Adoption Agreement effective date: 01/01/2009 (2) The Adoption Agreement effective date is Check (A) or check and complete (B)): (A) A new Plan effective date. (B) An amendment and restatement of the Plan. The original effective date of the Plan was: 02/16/2005 . (c) Name of Administrator, if not the Employer: 
 1.02 EMPLOYER (a) Employer Name: Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (b) The term Employer includes the following Related Employer(s) (as defined in Section 2.01(a)(25)) participating in the Plan: Cboe Services Company EIN: 11-3817385 BIDS Holdings, L.P. EIN: 20-5087370 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

1.07 DISTRIBUTIONS The form and timing of distributions from the Participant s vested Account shall be made consistent with the elections in this Section 1.07. (a) (1) Distribution options to be provided to Participants 

(A) Specified Date (B) Specified Age (C) Separation From Service (D) Earlier of Separation or Age (E) Earlier of Separation or Specified Date (F) Disability (G) Change in Control (H) Death Deferral Contribution Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Matching Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Employer Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments 
 (Note: If the Employer elects (F), (G), or (H) above, the Employer must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above, and the Participant must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above. In the event the Employer elects only a single payment trigger and/or payment method above, then such single payment trigger and/or payment method shall automatically apply to the Participant. If the employer elects to provide for payment upon a specified date or age, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger(s), the employer must apply a minimum deferral period, the number of years of which must be greater than the number of years required for 100 vesting in any such amounts. If the employer elects to provide for payment upon disability and/or death, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger, the employer must also elect to apply 100 vesting in any such amounts upon disability and/or death.) (2) A Participant incurs a Disability when the Participant (Check at least one if Section 1.07(a)(1)(F) or if Section 1.08(e)(3) is elected) : (A) 
 is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

(B) 
 is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Employer. 

(C) 
 is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or the Railroad Retirement Board. 

(D) 
 is determined to be disabled pursuant to the following disability insurance program: ________________________________the definition of disability under which complies with the requirements in regulations under Code section 409A. 

(Note: If more than one box above is checked, then the Participant will have a Disability if he satisfies at least one of the descriptions corresponding to one of such checked boxes.) (3) Regardless of any payment trigger and, as applicable, payment method, to which the Participant would otherwise be subject pursuant to (1) above, the first to occur of the following Plan-level payment triggers will cause payment to the Participant commencing pursuant to Section 1.07(c)(1) below in a lump sum, provided such Plan-level payment trigger occurs prior to the payment trigger to which the Participant would otherwise be subject. Payment Trigger (A) Separation from Service prior to: (B) Separation from Service (C) Death (D) Change in Control 
 (b) Distribution Election Change A Participant (1) shall (2) shall not 
 be permitted to modify a scheduled distribution election in accordance with Section 8.01(b) hereof. 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

(c) Commencement of Distributions (1) Each lump sum distribution and the first distribution in a series of installment payments (if applicable) shall commence as elected in (A), (B) or (C) below: (A) Monthly on the _______ day of the month which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). (B) Quarterly on the _____ day of the following months ____________, ______________, _______________, or____________ (list one month in each calendar quarter) which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). (C) Annually on the 1st day of February (month) which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). 
 (Note: Notwithstanding the above: a six-month delay shall be imposed with respect to certain distributions to Specified Employees; a Participant who chooses payment on a Specified Date will choose a month, year or quarter (as applicable) only, and payment will be made on the applicable date elected in (A), (B) or (C) above that falls within such month, year or quarter elected by the Participant.) (2) The commencement of distributions pursuant to the events elected in Section 1.07(a)(1) and Section 1.07(a)(3) shall be modified by application of the following: (A) Separation from Service Event Delay Separation from Service will be treated as not having occurred for _____ months after the date of such event. (B) Plan Level Delay all distribution events (other than those based on Specified Date or Specified Age) will be treated as not having occurred for _____ days (insert number of days but not more than 30). 
 (d) Installment Frequency and Duration If installments are available under the Plan pursuant to Section 1.07(a), a Participant shall be permitted to elect that the installments will be paid (Complete 1 and 2 below): (1) at the following intervals: (A) Monthly commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). (B) Quarterly commencing on the day elected in Section1.07 (c)(1) (with payments made at three-month intervals thereafter). (C) Annually commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). 
 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

(2) over the following term(s) (Complete either (A) or (B)) : (A) Any term of whole years between 2 (minimum of 1) and 10 (maximum of 30). 

(B) Any of the whole year terms selected below. 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 
 (Note: Only elect a term of one year if Section 1.07(d)(1)(A) and/or Section 1.07(d)(1)(B) is elected above.) (e) Conversion to Lump Sum Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , if the Participant s vested Account at the time such Account becomes payable to him hereunder does not exceed ________ distribution of the Participant s vested Account shall automatically be made in the form of a single lump sum at the time prescribed in Section 1.07(c)(1). (f) Distribution Rules Applicable to Pre-effective Date Accruals Benefits accrued under the Plan (subject to Code section 409A) prior to the date in Section 1.01(b)(1) above are subject to distribution rules not described in Section 1.07(a) through (e), and such rules are described in Attachment A Re: PRE EFFECTIVE DATE ACCRUAL DISTRIBUTION RULES. 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

\ AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE Plan Name: Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan (the Plan Employer: Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (Note: These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to these execution pages.) The following section(s) of the Plan are hereby amended effective as of the date(s) set forth below: Section Amended Effective Date 1.01(a) PLAN INFORMATION 1/1/2023 1.02 - EMPLOYER 1/1/2023 1.07 - (a) (1) DISTRIBUTION OPTIONS TO BE PROVIDED TO PARTICIPANTS 1/1/2023 ATTACHMENT B: SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS 1/1/2023 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date below. Employer: /s/ Brian N. Schell By: Brian N. Schell Title: CFO Date: 12.29.22 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

ATTACHMENT B Re: SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS for Plan Name: Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan (a) Superseding Provision(s) The following provisions supersede other provisions of this Adoption Agreement and/or the Basic Plan Document as described below: 1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.03(a)(2), all Employees described in item 5 below are eligible to participate and shall be considered Participants in the Plan to the extent set forth in item 5. 2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.04, for purposes of determining Deferral Contributions under the Plan, Compensation shall include only base compensation and bonuses (including amounts deferred by the Participant under the Chicago Board Options Exchange Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers). Compensation shall specifically exclude amounts contributed by the Employer under the Senior Executive Cafeteria Plan. 3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 1.05(a)(1) and 1.05(a)(2), Deferral Contributions shall be in whole and fractional percentages as designated by a Participant in his or her election form. 4. Section 1.05-Contributions . A Participant may elect to make deferral contributions, pursuant to 1.05(a) of the Adoption Agreement in an amount or percentage of his or her Compensation for any Plan Year in excess of 230,000. Deferral contributions with respect to Compensation amounts below 230,000 may be made only under the Chicago Board Options Exchange Smart Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Article 4.01, an election to defer Compensation shall continue in effect for Compensation relating to all services performed in succeeding calendar years until modified or revoked by the Participant with a subsequent election form pursuant to Article 4. The Company will make a matching contribution to the Plan as set forth in 1.05(b) of the Adoption Agreement based upon the amount of each Participant s deferral contributions made under the Plan; provided that such matching contribution will be based only on the Participant s deferral contributions that relate to his Compensation in excess of 230,000. Compensation for purposes of 1.05 shall have the meaning set forth in 1.04. The 230,000 amounts referred to above shall all in cases be adjusted periodically to reflect cost of living increases at the same time and in the same manner as such amount is adjusted under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(a)(17), or any successor section. 5. Section 1.05(b)(2) - Matching Contributions . Notwithstanding the coverage requirements of Section 1.03(a) or the matching contribution described in Section 1.05(b) of the Adoption Agreement, the Employer shall make a matching contribution and/or a profit sharing contribution to the Plan for the Plan Year for any Employee (regardless of the amount of his or her Compensation for such Plan Year) who 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

elects to defer earnings otherwise payable to him or her in such Plan Year pursuant to the terms of the Chicago Board Option Exchange Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers, and as a result thereof receives a reduced matching contribution and/or a reduced profit sharing contribution for such Plan Year pursuant to the terms of the Chicago Board Options Exchange Smart Plan. The amount of the matching contribution and/or a profit sharing contribution made by the Employer to the Plan for a Participant pursuant to the terms of the preceding sentence shall equal the amount by which the matching contribution and/or profit sharing contribution made for him or her for the applicable Plan Year pursuant to the terms of the Chicago Board Options Exchange Smart Plan is reduced as a result of a deferral of earnings made pursuant to the terms of the Chicago Board Options Exchange Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers. A matching contribution and/or a profit sharing contribution made for a Participant pursuant to this paragraph shall be in addition to any matching contribution, if any, made for him or her for the applicable Plan Year pursuant to the Adoption Agreement. 6. If elected by the Participant on his or her initial election form, distribution of a Participant s entire interest in the Plan shall be made after the date of consummation of a Change in Control in accordance with Sections 1.07(a)(1)(G) and 1.07(c)(1); provided, however, that a Change in Control shall not include: (a) any change in form of organization of the Employer from a non-stock entity to a stock corporation, or (b) any public offering of the Employer s shares of stock after it becomes a stock corporation. If the Participant fails to make an election, a Change in Control distribution shall not be made to the Participant. 7. Article 7.02 shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: 7.02. Death . If provided by the Employer in Section 1.08(e)(2), the Account of a Participant or former Participant who dies before the distribution of his entire Account will be 100 vested, provided that at the time of his death he is earning Years of Service. Each Participant from time to time, pursuant to a beneficiary designation form furnished by the Employer, may designate any legal or natural person or persons (who may be designated contingently or successively) to whom his or her Plan interest is to be paid if he or she dies before receiving the entire balance thereof. A beneficiary designation shall be effective only when the executed beneficiary form is delivered to the Employer in writing or by other method prescribed by the Employer while the Participant is alive and will cancel all beneficiary designation forms delivered earlier. If a deceased Participant fails to designate a beneficiary prior to his or her death, or if all designated beneficiaries predecease the Participant, his or her interest in the Plan shall be paid to his or her surviving spouse, or if none, to his or her lawful descendants, per stirpes, or if none survive him or her, to the legally appointed representatives of his or her estate, or if none are appointed within six months after the date of his or her death, to his or her heirs at law. 8. Section 1.08(d) - Forfeiture . Notwithstanding the vesting schedules set forth in Sections 1.08(a) and (b), if the employment of any Participant, including the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Employer, shall be terminated by the Employer for Cause, the Matching Contributions and Discretionary Employer Contributions credited to the Account of the Participant shall be forfeited, 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

and no amount shall be payable to or with respect to the Participant pursuant to the terms of the Plan. For purposes of this Section, Cause shall be deemed to exist if, and only if: (a) A Participant shall engage, during the performance of his or her duties for the Employer, in acts or omissions constituting dishonesty, intentional breach of fiduciary obligation, or intentional wrongdoing or malfeasance; (b) A Participant shall intentionally disobey or disregard a lawful and proper direction of the Board of Directors; or (c) A Participant shall materially breach an employment agreement entered into between the Participant and the Employer and such breach by its nature is incapable of being cured, or such breach remains uncured for more than 30 days following receipt by the Participant of written notice from the Employer specifying the nature of the breach and demanding the cure thereof. For purposes of this clause (c), a material breach of any such employment agreement that involves inattention by the Participant to his or her duties under the employment agreement shall be deemed a breach capable of cure. In addition, the Participant s employment shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, after the Participant s employment has terminated, facts and circumstances arising during the course of the Participant s employment are discovered that would have justified a termination for Cause. The following shall not constitute Cause: (a) Any personal or policy disagreement between a Participant and the Employer, or any member of the Employer or of the Board of Directors, or (b) Any action taken by a Participant in connection with his or her duties for the Employer, or any failure to act, if the Participant acted or failed to act in good faith, and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, and not opposed to, the best interest of the Employer, and he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. If the Matching Contributions and Discretionary Employer Contributions credited to the Account of a Participant shall be forfeited by reason of his or her termination of employment for Cause, the Employer shall give at least 30 days prior written notice to the Participant specifying in detail the reason or reasons constituting Cause. 9. In addition to the events indicated under Section 1.07(e), a Participant will be fully vested in his or her Account in the event of the termination of the Plan. 10. 8.01(e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any Specified Employee, if the applicable payment trigger is Separation from Service, then payment shall not commence before the date that is six months after the date of Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death or Disability of the Specified Employee, pursuant to Section 7.02 and 7.07). Payments to which a Specified Employee would otherwise be entitled during the first six months following the date of Separation from Service are delayed by six months. 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

11. 8.01(f) Article 8.01(f)(c) shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: The Plan Sponsor shall pay the value of the entire Participant s Balance in a single lump sum if the Participant s entire Account Balance, including any Specific Date account balances, at Separation from Service if the balance is less than the Internal Revenue Code 402(g)(1)(B) limit 22,500 in 2023). The single lump sum payment will be made at the time specified in Section 1.07(c)(1) 
 Plan Number: 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 12/13/2022 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.48>
 4
 cboe-20221231xex10d48.htm
 EX-10.48

Exhibit 10.48 The CORPORATE plan for Retirement SM EXECUTIVE PLAN Adoption Agreement IMPORTANT NOTE This document has not been approved by the Department of Labor, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other governmental entity. An Employer must determine whether the plan is subject to the Federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states. An Employer may not rely on this document to ensure any particular tax consequences or to ensure that the Plan is unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation to a select group of management or highly compensated employees under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act with respect to the Employer s particular situation. Fidelity Management Trust Company, its affiliates and employees cannot and do not provide legal or tax advice or opinions in connection with this document. This document does not constitute legal or tax advice or opinions and is not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used by any taxpayer, for the purposes of avoiding penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer. This document must be reviewed by the Employer s attorney prior to adoption. 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 ADOPTION AGREEMENT ARTICLE 1 1.01 PLAN INFORMATION (a) Name of Plan: This is the Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ). (b) Plan Status Check one. ): (1) Adoption Agreement effective date: 01/01/2009 (2) The Adoption Agreement effective date is Check (A) or check and complete (B)): (A) A new Plan effective date. (B) An amendment and restatement of the Plan. The original effective date of the Plan was: 02/16/2005 . (c) Name of Administrator, if not the Employer: 
 1.02 EMPLOYER (a) Employer Name: Cboe Global Markets, Inc . (b) The term Employer includes the following Related Employer(s) (as defined in Section 2.01(a)(25)) participating in the Plan: Cboe Services Company EIN: 11-3817385 BIDS Holdings, L.P. EIN: 20-5087370 1.03 COVERAGE (Check (a) and/or (b).) (a) The following Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan (Check (1) or (2)) : 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 (1) Only those Employees designated in writing by the Employer, which writing is hereby incorporated herein. (2) Only those Employees in the eligible class described below: Only Officers of the Employer are eligible to participate in the Plan. Individuals performing officer type services on a consulting, contract, or other self-employed basis shall not be eligible (b) The following Directors are eligible to participate in the Plan (Check (1) or (2)) : (1) Only those Directors designated in writing by the Employer, which writing is hereby incorporated herein. (2) All Directors of Cboe Global Markets, Inc , effective as of the later of the date in 1.01(b) or the date the Director becomes a Director. (Note: A designation in Section 1.03(a)(1) or Section 1.03(b)(1) or a description in Section 1.03(a)(2) must include the effective date of such participation.) 1.04 COMPENSATION (If Section 1.03(a) is selected, select (a) or (b). If Section 1.03(b) is selected, complete (c)) For purposes of determining all contributions under the Plan: (a) Compensation shall be as defined, with respect to Employees, in the ______________________Plan maintained by the Employer: (1) to the extent it is in excess of the limit imposed under Code section 401(a)(17). (2) notwithstanding the limit imposed under Code section 401(a)(17). (b) Compensation shall be as defined in Section 2.01(a)(9) with respect to Employees (Check (1), and/or (2) below, if, and as, appropriate) : (1) but excluding the following: See Attachment B (2) but excluding bonuses, except those bonuses listed in the table in Section 1.05(a)(2). (c) Compensation shall be as defined in Section 2.01(a)(9)(c) with respect to Directors, but excluding the following: 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 Any fees paid for service not related to Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 1.06 CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF DIRECTORS (a) Director Deferral Contributions The Employer shall make a Deferral Contribution in accordance with, and subject to, Section 4.01 on behalf of each Director Participant who has an executed deferral agreement in effect with the Employer for the applicable calendar year (or portion of the applicable calendar year), which deferral agreement shall be subject to any deferral amounts provided in the table below. Deferral Contributions Type of Compensation Dollar Amount Amount Elect 0 or between 2 and 100 Min Max Either Or Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Related service 0 
 (Note: With respect to each type of Compensation, list the dollar amounts or percentages as whole dollar amounts or whole number percentages.) (b) Matching and Employer Contributions: (1) Matching Contributions. The Employer shall make a Matching Contribution on behalf of each Director Participant in an amount determined as described below: (2) Fixed Employer Contributions. The Employer shall make an Employer Contribution on behalf of each Director Participant in an amount determined as described below: (3) Discretionary Employer Contributions. The Employer may make Employer Contributions to the accounts of Director Participants in any amount (which amount may be zero), as determined by the Employer in its sole discretion from time to time, in a writing, which is hereby incorporated herein. 
 1.07 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 The form and timing of distributions from the Participant s vested Account shall be made consistent with the elections in this Section 1.07. (a) (1) Distribution options to be provided to Participants (A) Specified Date (B) Specified Age (C) Separation From Service (D) Earlier of Separation or Age (E) Earlier of Separation or Specified Date (F) Disability (G) Change in Control (H) Death Deferral Contribution Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Matching Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Employer Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments 
 (Note: If the Employer elects (F), (G), or (H) above, the Employer must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above, and the Participant must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above. In the event the Employer elects only a single payment trigger and/or payment method above, then such single payment trigger and/or payment method shall automatically apply to the Participant. If the employer elects to provide for payment upon a specified date or age, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger(s), the employer must apply a minimum deferral period, the number of years of which must be greater than the number of years required for 100 vesting in any such amounts. If the employer elects to provide for payment upon disability and/or death, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger, the employer must also elect to apply 100 vesting in any such amounts upon disability and/or death.) (2) X A Participant incurs a Disability when the Participant (Check at least one if Section 1.07(a)(1)(F) or if Section 1.08(e)(3) is elected) : 

(A) 
 is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

(B) 
 is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Employer. 

Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

(C) 
 is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or the Railroad Retirement Board. 

(D) 
 is determined to be disabled pursuant to the following disability insurance program: ________________________________the definition of disability under which complies with the requirements in regulations under Code section 409A. 

(Note: If more than one box above is checked, then the Participant will have a Disability if he satisfies at least one of the descriptions corresponding to one of such checked boxes.) (3) Regardless of any payment trigger and, as applicable, payment method, to which the Participant would otherwise be subject pursuant to (1) above, the first to occur of the following Plan-level payment triggers will cause payment to the Participant commencing pursuant to Section 1.07(c)(1) below in a lump sum, provided such Plan-level payment trigger occurs prior to the payment trigger to which the Participant would otherwise be subject. Payment Trigger (A) Separation from Service prior to: (B) Separation from Service (C) Death (D) Change in Control 
 (b) Distribution Election Change A Participant (1) shall (2) shall not 
 be permitted to modify a scheduled distribution election in accordance with Section 8.01(b) hereof. (c) Commencement of Distributions (1) Each lump sum distribution and the first distribution in a series of installment payments (if applicable) shall commence as elected in (A), (B) or (C) below: 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

(A) Monthly on the _______ day of the month which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). (B) Quarterly on the _____ day of the following months ____________, ______________, _______________, or____________ (list one month in each calendar quarter) which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). (C) Annually on the 1st day of February (month) which day next follows the applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). 
 (Note: Notwithstanding the above: a six-month delay shall be imposed with respect to certain distributions to Specified Employees; a Participant who chooses payment on a Specified Date will choose a month, year or quarter (as applicable) only, and payment will be made on the applicable date elected in (A), (B) or (C) above that falls within such month, year or quarter elected by the Participant.) (2) The commencement of distributions pursuant to the events elected in Section 1.07(a)(1) and Section 1.07(a)(3) shall be modified by application of the following: (A) Separation from Service Event Delay Separation from Service will be treated as not having occurred for _____ months after the date of such event. (B) Plan Level Delay all distribution events (other than those based on Specified Date or Specified Age) will be treated as not having occurred for _____ days (insert number of days but not more than 30). 
 (d) Installment Frequency and Duration If installments are available under the Plan pursuant to Section 1.07(a), a Participant shall be permitted to elect that the installments will be paid (Complete 1 and 2 below): (1) at the following intervals: 
 (A) Monthly commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). (B) Quarterly commencing on the day elected in Section1.07 (c)(1) (with payments made at three-month intervals thereafter). (C) Annually commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). 
 (2) over the following term(s) (Complete either (A) or (B)) : 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 (A) Any term of whole years between 2 (minimum of 1) and 10 (maximum of 30). (B) Any of the whole year terms selected below. 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 
 (Note: Only elect a term of one year if Section 1.07(d)(1)(A) and/or Section 1.07(d)(1)(B) is elected above.) (e) Conversion to Lump Sum Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , if the Participant s vested Account at the time such Account becomes payable to him hereunder does not exceed ________ distribution of the Participant s vested Account shall automatically be made in the form of a single lump sum at the time prescribed in Section 1.07(c)(1). (f) Distribution Rules Applicable to Pre-effective Date Accruals Benefits accrued under the Plan (subject to Code section 409A) prior to the date in Section 1.01(b)(1) above are subject to distribution rules not described in Section 1.07(a) through (e), and such rules are described in Attachment A Re: PRE EFFECTIVE DATE ACCRUAL DISTRIBUTION RULES. 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE Plan Name: Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan Employer: Cboe Global Markets, Inc . (Note: These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to these execution pages.) The following section(s) of the Plan are hereby amended effective as of the date(s) set forth below: 

Section Amended Effective Date 1.01(a) PLAN INFORMATION 1/1/2023 1.02 - EMPLOYER 1/1/2023 1.03(b) - COVERAGE 1/1/2023 1.04(c) - COMPENSATION 1/1/2023 1.06(a) - CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF DIRECTORS 1/1/2023 1.07 - (a) (1) DISTRIBUTION OPTIONS TO BE PROVIDED TO PARTICIPANTS 1/1/2023 ATTACHMENT B: SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS 1/1/2023 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date below. Employer: /s/ Brian N. Schell By: Brian N. Schell Title: CFO Date: 12.29.22 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 ATTACHMENT B Re: SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS for Plan Name: Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan (a) Superseding Provision(s) The following provisions supersede other provisions of this Adoption Agreement and/or the Basic Plan Document as described below: 1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.04, for purposes of determining Deferral Contributions under the Plan, Compensation shall include only base compensation and bonuses. Compensation shall specifically exclude amounts contributed by the Employer under the Senior Executive Cafeteria Plan. 2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 1.05(a)(1) and 1.05(a)(2), Deferral Contributions shall be in whole and fractional percentages as designated by a Participant in his or her election form. 3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Article 4.01, an election to defer Compensation shall continue in effect for Compensation relating to all services performed in succeeding calendar years until modified or revoked by the Participant with a subsequent election form pursuant to Article 4. 4. If elected by the Participant on his or her initial election form, distribution of a Participant s entire interest in the Plan shall be made after the date of consummation of a Change in Control in accordance with Sections 1.07(a)(1)(G) and 1.07(c)(1); provided, however, that a Change in Control shall not include: (a) any change in form of organization of the Employer from a non-stock entity to a stock corporation, or (b) any public offering of the Employer s shares of stock after it becomes a stock corporation. If the Participant fails to make an election, a Change in Control distribution shall not be made to the Participant. 5. Article 7.02 shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: 7.02. Death . If provided by the Employer in Section 1.08(e)(2), the Account of a Participant or former Participant who dies before the distribution of his entire Account will be 100 vested, provided that at the time of his death he is earning Years of Service. Each Participant from time to time, pursuant to a beneficiary designation form furnished by the Employer, may designate any legal or natural person or persons (who may be designated 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

 contingently or successively) to whom his or her Plan interest to be paid if he or she dies before receiving the entire balance thereof. A beneficiary designation shall be effective only when the executed beneficiary form is delivered to the Employer in writing or by other method prescribed by the Employer while the Participant is alive and will cancel all beneficiary designation forms delivered earlier. If a deceased Participant fails to designate a beneficiary prior to his or her death, or if all designated beneficiaries predecease the Participant, his or her interest in the Plan shall be paid to his or her surviving spouse, or if none, to his or her lawful descendants, per stirpes, or if none survive him or her, to the legally appointed representatives of his or her estate, or if none are appointed within six months after the date of his or her death, to his or her heirs at law under the laws of descent and distribution of the state in which the Participant is domiciled at the date of death. 6. 8.01(e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any Specified Employee, if the applicable payment trigger is Separation from Service, then payment shall not commence before the date that is six months after the date of Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death or Disability of the Specified Employee, pursuant to Section 7.02 and 7.07). Payments to which a Specified Employee would otherwise be entitled during the first six months following the date of Separation from Service are delayed by six months. 7. 8.01(f) Article 8.01(f)(c) shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: The Plan Sponsor shall pay the value of the entire Participant s Balance in a single lump sum if the Participant s entire Account Balance, including any Specific Date account balances, at Separation from Service if the balance is less than the Internal Revenue Code 402(g)(1)(B) limit 22,500 in 2023). The single lump sum payment will be made at the time specified in Section 1.07(c)(1) 8. Section 1.07(a)(1) is modified by adding the following language thereto: Notwithstanding the foregoing, the distribution options to be provided to Participants who are Directors shall be as follows: (A) Specified Date (B) Specified Age (C) Separation From Service (D) Earlier of Separation or Age (E) Earlier of Separation or Specified Date (F) Disability (G) Change in Control (H) Death Deferral Contribution Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Matching Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments Employer Contributions Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Installments Lump Sum Lump Sum Installments 
 
 Plan Number: ECM NQ 2007 AA (07/2007) 12/29/2022 
 2007 Fidelity Management Research Company 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.53>
 5
 cboe-20221231xex10d53.htm
 EX-10.53
 
 {IAG Client Company} 
 Exhibit 10.53 Cboe Confidential 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan Cboe Global Markets, Inc. has established this Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan (the Plan to permit non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Corporation and its Affiliates to defer their restricted stock unit awards granted under the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (f/k/a Cboe Holdings, Inc.) Long-Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP ). The Plan has been established effective as of December 21, 2022 (the Plan Effective Date as a sub-plan under the LTIP and forms a part of, is incorporated in, and is subject to the terms of the LTIP. Background A. The Board of Directors and stockholders of the Corporation previously adopted the LTIP. B. Section 7.6 of the LTIP provides that the Committee shall have the discretion to allow Participants to elect, consistent with the requirements of Code Section 409A, to defer the delivery of shares of Stock or other property that would otherwise be issuable to the Participant upon the vesting or settlement of restricted stock units RSUs ). The Plan forms a part of, and supersedes any inconsistent provisions of, each Award Agreement which evidences RSUs granted to the extent a Participant elects to defer the receipt of all or any portion of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable upon settlement of the RSU. C. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning as when used in the LTIP or the Award Agreement. Provisions 1. Eligibility for Deferral Program . Only non-employee Directors of the Corporation and its Affiliates shall be eligible to defer the delivery of shares of Stock that would otherwise be payable upon the settlement of RSUs pursuant to the Plan (the Eligible Participants provided, however, an Eligible Participant shall: (i) be an active member of the Board and (ii) be a tax resident of the United States or Canada. 
 2. Deferral Election . 
 
 (a) Terms of Deferral Election. An Eligible Participant may elect to defer delivery of 100 of the shares of Stock that would otherwise be deliverable upon the settlement of the RSUs awarded under an Award Agreement (the Election ). Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 or 5 below, delivery of the designated shares of Stock payable upon settlement of the RSUs under an Award Agreement may be deferred, at the Eligible Participant s Election, until the Eligible Participant s Separation from Service or a specified date, and shall then be paid in a lump sum on the next following February 1. Each separately identified amount to which an Eligible Participant is entitled to payment on a determinable date under an Award Agreement shall be considered a separate payment for purposes of applying the provisions of Code Section 409A. 
 (b) Procedure for Electing Deferral . An Eligible Participant s Election shall be made prior to the calendar year in which such grant occurs or at such other time as the Committee 

determines is compliant with the requirements of Code Section 409A. An Eligible Participant s Election Form shall become irrevocable on the last permissible date for making such Election under Code Section 409A, except as otherwise provided hereunder or determined by the Committee. 
 
 (i) First-Year of Participation . The Committee may allow an Eligible Participant who first becomes eligible to participate in the LTIP, and who is not a participant in another plan maintained by the Corporation which is considered to be of a similar type as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A -1(c)(2), or as otherwise provided by the Code, to make an Election within 30 days after the Eligible Participant first becomes eligible to participate in the LTIP. Such Election shall be effective only with regard to compensation paid for services performed following the making of the Election. 
 
 (c) Other Matters Relating to Deferral Elections. An Eligible Participant s Election Form shall form part of, and supersede any inconsistent terms of, the Award Agreement to which it applies with respect to those RSUs where delivery of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable thereunder is deferred and, more particularly, shall supersede the provisions of the Award Agreement regarding the settlement and timing of settlement of those RSUs where delivery of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable thereunder is deferred, except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 3, 4 or 5 below. Deferred Shares means the shares of Stock issuable with respect to RSUs that have vested under and in accordance with the LTIP and the Award Agreement but whose payment has been deferred pursuant to the Eligible Participant s valid and effective Election Form. Shares of Stock deliverable upon the vesting of an RSU that are not subject to the Eligible Participant s valid and effective Election Form shall be delivered in accordance with the terms of the LTIP and the Award Agreement. In no event shall the Plan or the Eligible Participant s Election Form modify, change or affect in any way the vesting of the Eligible Participant s RSUs under the LTIP or the Award Agreement. 
 
 3. Payment of Deferred Shares . Payment of Deferred Shares shall be made on the February 1 next following the event triggering the payment in a lump sum. Separation from Service means a termination of service with the Corporation that constitutes a separation from service as described under Code Section 409A. For purposes of the determination of whether an Eligible Participant has had a separation from service as described under Code Section 409A, the term Corporation means the Corporation and any Affiliate with which the Corporation would be considered a single employer under Code Sections 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code.
 4. Death or Becoming Disabled. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Election Form to the contrary, Deferred Shares shall be delivered in a lump sum on the February 1 next following the death of the Eligible Participant or after the date that the Eligible Participant becomes Disabled. 
 5. Change in Control . Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Eligible Participant s Election Form, Deferred Shares shall be delivered in a lump sum upon a Change in Control Event . For purposes of the Plan, Change in Control Event means a change in the ownership of the Corporation, a change in the effective control of the Corporation, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation as described in Code Section 409A.

 2 

6. Subsequent Changes in the Time of Payment of Deferred Shares . Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4 and 5 above, payment of the Deferred Shares payable pursuant to an Eligible Participant s Election Form may be further deferred, at the Eligible Participant s election, as long as such election (i) is made in writing at least 12 months before the scheduled payment date, (ii) with respect to any payment described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(a)(4) (payment at a specified time or pursuant to a fixed schedule) may not take effect until at least 12 months following the date the new election is made, and (iii) except as otherwise provided by Code Section 409A, provides for a new payment date that is at least five years after the scheduled payment date. Any election to change the time of payment must be made in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A and in a form acceptable to the Committee. Any such election shall be irrevocable when filed with the Committee. 
 7. Dividend Equivalents . If any dividend equivalents are credited with respect to the Deferred Shares in accordance with the Award Agreement, such dividend equivalents shall be distributed as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 8. Prohibition on Acceleration of Payments . The time or schedule of any payment or amount scheduled to be paid hereunder may not be accelerated except as otherwise permitted under Code Section 409A. 
 9. Code Section 409A . Code Section 409A, when referred to in the Plan, means such Section, and any replacement thereof or successor thereto, as well as the guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder. Payments hereunder shall be made upon the date specified or a later date within the same taxable year of the Eligible Participant or, if later, by the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the date specified; provided, however, the Eligible Participant may not, directly or indirectly, designate the taxable year of the payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee reserves the right to delay any payment to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A. Payments made hereunder are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Accordingly, other provisions of the LTIP, the Award Agreement, the Election Form or the Plan notwithstanding, the provisions of this Section 9 will apply in order that the RSUs and the deferrals of Deferred Shares comply with Code Section 409A. In addition, the Committee reserves the right, to the extent the Committee deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan, and the Committee may, to the extent the Committee deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, unilaterally amend or modify the Eligible Participant s Election Form, to ensure that all RSUs and all deferrals of Deferred Shares have terms that comply, and in operation comply, with Code Section 409A (including, without limitation, the avoidance of penalties thereunder). Other provisions of the LTIP, the Award Agreement, the Election Form and the Plan notwithstanding, the Corporation and the Committee make no representations that the RSUs or the deferrals of Deferred Shares will be exempt from any penalties that may apply under Code Section 409A or other applicable law, make no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the RSUs and the deferrals of Deferred Shares and will not indemnify or provide a gross up payment to an Eligible Participant (or any beneficiary) for any taxes, interest or penalties imposed under Code Section 409A or other applicable law. 
 10. Claims Procedure . Claims for benefits under the Plan may be filed with the Committee on forms supplied by the Committee. 

 3 

11. Administration . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to interpret and enforce the Plan and to decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations of the Plan, as they may arise in such administration. A majority vote of the Committee members shall control any decision. Members of the Committee may be Eligible Participants. The Committee may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as it sees fit, and may from time to time consult with counsel who may be counsel to the Corporation. The decision or action of the Committee with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation or application of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Committee against any and all claims, loss, damage, expense or liability arising from any action or failure to act with respect to the Plan on account of such member s service on the Committee, except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 12. Amendment and Termination of the Plan . The Board may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan by written instrument. Upon termination of the Plan, each affected Eligible Participant s Deferred Shares shall be distributed in accordance with Code Section 409A. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan (i) shall materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Corporation, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Corporation, or (ii) impose any additional obligation on the Corporation or right on the Participant unless evidenced in writing and signed by the Corporation. 

4 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.56>
 6
 cboe-20221231xex10d56.htm
 EX-10.56
 
 CBOE Holdings, Inc. Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 10.56 F or No n - Empl o y e e D i re c tors - all US and CDN no defer) C BOE Global Markets , IN C . LO N G-TE R M IN C E N TI V E P L A N R E S TR IC T E D S T O C K U NIT A WARD A GR EE ME N T This R E S T R I C TE D S T O CK UNIT A W ARD A GR E E ME N T the A g re e men t is d a ted e f f e c tive ______________ the A w a rd D a t e ), a nd is b e tw ee n Cboe Global Markets, I n c . (the Co r po r a tion a nd _______________ P a rticipant ). A n y t e rm ca pit a li z e d but not d e fin e d in this A g re e ment will h a ve the m ea ni n g set f o rth in the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (formerly C B OE H oldi n g s, I n c .) L o n g - T e rm I n ce ntive Plan as may be amended from time to time, the Pla n ). 1. A wa r d . The Co r po r a tion h e r e b y a w a rds to P a rticip a nt ______________ Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ). The Restricted Stock Units will be subj ec t to the te r ms a nd c onditions of t h e Plan a nd this Ag r ee ment. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested share of Stock and entitles Participant, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to receive a share of Stock if and when the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 2. No Ri g hts as Stoc k hold e r; Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of the shares of Stock (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation declares a cash dividend on shares of Stock, on the payment date of the dividend, Participant will be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to the amount of the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of Restricted Stock Units held by Participant on the dividend s record date. The Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to Participant under the preceding sentence will be distributed to Participant at the same time as the underlying cash dividend is distributed to shareholders of the Corporation. 3. Ve stin g ; E f f e c t of T e rm i n a tion of S e rvi c e; Change in Control . (a) Subje c t to S ec tion 3 b) b e low, P a rticipant s R e strict e d Stock Units will v e st in full on the f irst a n nive r s a r y of the A w a rd D a t e , provided that Particip a n t has re main e d in S e rvi c e c ontinuous l y through such d a te. 
 (b) The R e strict e d Stock Units, if not soon e r v e sted purs u a nt to S ec tion 3 a ), will vest in full upon the ea rliest of i) P a rticip a nt s d e a th, (ii) P a rticip a n t s becoming Disabled, (iii) a Ch a n ge in Contro l , or (iv) upon the P a rticip a nt s t e rmin a t ion due to the c ompl e tion of his t e rm o f s e rv i c e on the B o a rd, whi c h shall m e a n the term of s e rvi c e on the B o a rd c omm e n c ing on the P a rticip a nt s m o st r e ce nt e le c tion or r e - e le c tion to the B o a rd a nd e nding on the fi r st a nnive r s a r y the r e a f t e r unless the Dir e c tor was e le c ted for a lon g e r o r short e r p e riod, in whi c h e v e nt the long e r or short e r p e riod shall be the T e r m , in eac h ca se if p rior to a n y f o r f e iture e v e nt und e r Section 3 d b e lo w . 
 (c) I f P a rticip a nt te r min a tes S e rv i c e for a n y r e a son e x ce pt a s s e t fo r th in S ec tion 3(b) a bov e , a nd b e fo r e his o r h e r R e str i c ted Stock Units h ave b ec o m e ful l y v e s t e d und e r this A g re e ment, P a rticip a n t s R e strict e d Stock Units w i ll be fo r f e it e d on a nd a f t e r the e ff ec tive d a te of such te r min a tion. N e ith e r the Co r po r a tion nor a n y A f f iliate will h a ve 

1 

 a n y fu r th e r obli g a tions to P a rticip a nt und e r this A g r e e m e nt if P a rticip a nt s R e strict e d Stock Units are fo r f e it e d. 4. T e rms a nd Conditions o f Distri b ution . (a) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a vested Restricted Stock Unit shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable after all the Restricted Stock Units vest, but not later than two and a half (2 1/2) months after the end of the calendar year in which such vesting occurs, subject to any elections the Participant may make pursuant to the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan. 
 (b) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Participant s termination of service under section 3(b)(iv) above shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable following Participant s separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A, subject to any elections the Participant may make pursuant to the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan. 
 (c) If Participant dies before the date on which the Corporation would have distributed shares of Stock in satisfaction of vested Restricted Stock Units, the Corporation will distribute such shares of Stock to Participant s designated beneficiary(ies) or, if none are designated or surviving, to Participant s estate or personal representative. The Corporation is not required to issue or deliver any shares of Stock before completing the steps necessary to comply with applicable Federal and state securities laws (including any registration requirements) and applicable stock exchange rules and practices. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause compliance with those laws, rules and practices. The foregoing provisions are subject in all cases to the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 5. Nont ra nsfer a bili t y . Unvested R e strict e d Stock Units m a y not be sold, tr a nsf e rr e d, e x c h a n g e d, pledg e d, a ss i g n e d, g a rnish e d, or othe r wise a li e n a ted or h y pothec a ted, oth e r than b y will or b y the l a ws of d e s c e n t a nd distribution. A n y e f fo r t to a ssi g n or t r a nsfer the r i ghts und e r this Ag r ee ment will be w h ol l y ine f f ec tiv e , a nd will be g roun d s f o r te r m i n a tion b y the Committee of a ll r i g hts of P a rticip a n t und e r this A g r ee ment. 6. Administr a tion . The C ommittee a dminist e rs t h e Plan. P a rticip a n t s r i g hts und e r this Ag r ee ment a re e x p re ssly subj ec t to the t e rms a nd c onditions of the P lan a nd to a n y g uidelines t h e Commi t tee a dopts f rom time to t i me. The int e rpr e tation a nd c onstru c t i on b y t h e Committee of t h e Plan a nd this A g r ee ment, a nd such rul e s a nd re g u l a tions a s m a y be a dopted b y the Committee for purp o s e s of a d minist e ring the Plan a nd t h is A g re e men t , will be f inal a nd binding upon P a rticip a nt. 7. S ec u r ities L a w R e quirement s . I f a t a n y time the B o a rd or Committee d e te r min e s that issuing Stock pursu a nt to this A g r e e ment would viol a te a ppli ca ble s ec u r ities la w s, t h e Co r por a tion will not be r e quir e d to issue s u c h Stock. The B o a rd or Committee m a y d ec lare a n y provision of this A g r e e m e nt or ac tion of its own nu l l a nd void, if it d e te r min e s the p r ovision or ac tion f a ils to c omply with a ppli ca b l e s ec u r i t ies la w s. The Co r por a tion m a y r e qui r e P a rticip a nt to make w ri tt e n r e p re s e ntations it d ee ms n ece ssa r y or d e sir a ble to c omp l y w i th applic a ble s e c u rities l a ws. 8. R e p re s e ntations a nd Wa r r a nti e s . P a rticip a nt r e p r e s e nts a nd w a r r a nts to t he Co r por a tion that P a rticip a nt h a s re c e ived a c o p y of the P l a n a nd this A g re e ment, h a s re a d a nd und e rst a nds the te r ms o f the Plan a nd this A g re e ment, a nd a g re e s to b e bound b y their te r ms and c onditions in a ll re spe c ts. 
 
 2 

 9. No L imit a tion on t h e C o rpo r a tio n s Ri g ht s . This g r a nting of R e str i c ted Stock Units und e r this Ag r ee ment shall not a nd will n o t in a n y w a y a ff ec t the Co r por a tio n s r i ght or pow e r to make a djustments, r ec l a ssifi c a tions or c h a n g e s i n its ca pit a l or busi n e ss stru c ture o r to me r g e , c onsolidat e , r e in c o r por a te, dissolve, liquidate or s e ll or t r a nsfer a ll or a n y p a rt of its busin e ss or a ssets. 10. Plan a nd A g r ee m e nt Not a Contra c t of S e rvi c e . N e ith e r the Plan nor this Ag r ee ment is a c ontr a c t o f S e rvic e , a nd no te r ms of P a rticip a n t s S e rvi c e will be a f f e c t e d in a n y w a y b y the Plan, this Ag r ee m e nt or r e la t e d instrum e n ts, e x ce pt to the e x tent spe c ifi c a l l y e x p re ssed the r e in. N e ith e r the Plan nor this A g r ee ment will be c onstr ue d a s c on f e r r i n g a n y l e g a l ri g hts on P a rti c ipant to continue to r em a in in S e rvi c e , nor will i t int e r f e re with the Co r por a tio n s o r a n y A f f iliat e s r i g ht to d isch a r g e P a rticip a nt o r to d e a l with P a rticip a nt re g a rdl e ss of the e x ist e n c e of the Pl a n or this A g r ee ment. 11. Entire Ag r e e ment a nd A mendm e n t . This A g r e e ment a nd the Plan c onstitute the e ntire a g ree m e nt b e tw e e n the p a rties h e r e to with r e sp e c t to the R e strict e d Stock Units, a nd a ll p r ior o ra l a nd w r itten r e p r e s e ntations a re mer g e d in this A g r e e m e nt a nd the Plan. Notwithstanding the p r e ce di n g s e nten c e , this A g ree ment shall not in a n y way a f f e c t the te r ms a nd p r ovisions of the Plan. This A g re e ment m a y b e a m e nd e d, modifi e d, or te r min a ted on l y in a c c o rd a n c e with the Plan. The h e a din g s in this Ag r ee ment a r e inse r ted for c on v e nience a nd identifi ca tion o nl y a nd a re not int e nd e d to d e s c rib e , int e rp r e t, d e fine o r limit the s c op e , e x tent, or int e nt of this A g r ee ment o r a n y p r ovision h e r e o f . 12. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing (including electronic) and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, or sent by overnight courier, at the sender s expense, or (if from the Corporation or the Corporation s stock plan administrator) by electronic mail. Notice will be deemed given (a) when delivered personally or, (b) if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the United States mail or, (c) if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent, or (d) when electronically mailed. Notice to the Corporation should be sent to Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to Participant should be sent to the mailing address and/or electronic mailing address set forth on the Corporation s records. Either party may change the address to which the other party must give notice under this Section 12 by giving the other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above or otherwise established by the Corporation or its stock plan administrator. 13. Su cce ssors a nd Assi g n s . The te r ms of this Ag r ee ment will be bi n ding upon the Co r por a tion a nd its suc c e ssors a nd a ssi g ns. 14. Gov e rni n g L a w . To the e x tent not p ree mpt e d b y F e d e r a l la w , t h e Plan, this A g r ee ment, a nd do c uments e viden c i n g r i g hts r e l a ting to the Plan or this A g r ee ment wi l l be c onstru e d, a dminist e r e d a nd g o v e r n e d in a ll r e s p ec ts und e r a nd b y t h e la w s o f the St a te of D e l a war e , without g iving e f fe c t to i ts c onfli c t of la w s p r inciples. I f a n y p rovision of this A g re e ment will be h e ld b y a c ourt of c ompet e nt jurisdi c tion to be invalid or un e n f o rc e a ble, the r e maining p r ovisions h e r e of will c ontinue to be ful l y e ff ec tiv e . The jurisdi c tion a nd v e nue for a n y disputes a rising und e r, or a n y a c tion b r ou g ht to e n f o rc e (or othe r wise r e lating to), this A g r e e ment will be e x c lusiv e l y in the c ourts in the State of I llinois, Coun t y of Cook, including the F e d e r a l Courts loc a ted the r e in (should F e d e r a l jurisdi c tion e x ist). 
 
 3 

 15. Plan Do c ument Control s . The ri g hts g r a n t e d und e r this A g re e ment a re in a ll r e spe c ts subj ec t to the p r ovisions s e t fo r th in the Plan to t h e s a me e x tent a nd with t he s a me e ff ec t a s if s e t f o rth ful l y in t h is A g r ee ment. I f t h e terms of this Ag r ee m e nt c o n f li c t with the te r ms of the Pl a n do c um e nt, the Pl a n do c ument will c ontrol. 16. Counte r p a rts . This A g r ee ment m a y b e e x e c uted simult a n e ous l y in two or more c ounte r p a rts, e a c h o f w h ich shall be d ee m e d a n o r i g inal a nd a ll of whi c h togeth e r s h a ll c onstitute but one a nd the s a me instrum e nt. 17. W a i v e r ; C u m u l a t i v e Ri gh ts . Th e fa i l u r e o r d e l a y o f e it h e r p ar ty t o re qu i r e p erf o r m a n c e b y t h e o t h e r p ar t y o f a ny p r ov i s i o n o f t h i s A g r e e m e n t w i l l n o t affec t it s r i g h t t o re qu i r e p erf o r m a n c e o f su c h p r ov i s i o n u n l e s s a n d un t i l su c h p erf o r m a n c e h a s b ee n w a i v e d i n w r it i n g . E ac h r i g h t und e r t h i s A g ree m e n t i s c u m ul a ti v e a n d m a y b e e x erc i s e d i n p ar t o r i n who l e fr o m t im e t o t i m e . 18. T a x C o ns e qu e n ces . P ar ti c i p a n t a g ree s t o d e t er mi n e a n d b e re spo n s i b l e f o r a l l t a x c ons e qu e n ce s t o P ar t i c i p a n t w i t h r e sp ec t t o t h e R e s t r i c t e d St o c k Units . 19. Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A, including the exceptions and exemptions for short term deferrals, stock rights, and separation pay arrangements. This Agreement and all Restricted Stock Units shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement, be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Corporation, and without the consent of Participant, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Section 409A. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee by the Corporation of any particular tax effect to Participant. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payment that is subject to Section 409A and payable upon Participant s termination of employment or other similar event shall not be made unless Participant has experienced a separation from service as defined under Section 409A. 20. Addendum to Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Participant resides or is employed outside the U.S. or transfers residence or employment outside the U.S., the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions as are set forth in the addendum to this agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or service to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Corporation determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 4 

 I N W I TN E SS W HERE O F , the Co r por a tion a n d P a rticip a nt h a v e du l y e x ec uted this Ag r ee ment a s of the d a t e f irst w r itten a bov e . Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 

_________________________________ By: _____________________________ Participant s Name _________________________________ Its: _____________________________ Participant s Signature 
 
 5 

 P a rticip a nt s Ad d r e ss f o r noti ce s _________________________________ _________________________________ ACCEPTANCE DATE 
 6 

 ADDENDUM CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT This Addendum to the Agreement includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides outside of the United States or transfers residence outside the United States. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Agreement or the Plan. 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units , Participant acknowledges that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
 (b) (b) the award of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Unit awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; 
 (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
 (e) the Restricted Stock Unit Award will not be interpreted to form a Service or employment contract or relationship with the Corporation; 
 (f) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; 
 (g) the Corporation shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of any shares of Stock Participant may acquire upon such settlement; and 
 (h) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Corporation in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company or to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Corporation. 
 
 2. Data Privacy . 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . The Corporation will collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, specifically, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the 
 7 

 exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. (b) Recipients of Data . a. Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Corporation transfers Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC (and/or its affiliates, collectively Fidelity ), the designated broker assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Corporation may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. b. Other Service Provider Data Recipients . The Corporation also may transfer Data to other third party service providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. Such third party service providers may include the Corporation s legal counsel as well as its auditor, human resources consultant and payroll vendor. Wherever possible, the Corporation will anonymize data, but Participant understands that his or her Data may need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. c. Securities or Other Regulatory Authorities . In addition to the recipients identified herein and where required under applicable law, Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities, including where the Corporation s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The legal basis, where required, for such disclosure is compliance with applicable law. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Corporation, Fidelity and other service providers described above are located in the United States. The United States may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country of residence. (d) Legal Basis for Collection, Processing and Transfer of Data . a. Participants within the EU / European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. The collection, processing and transfer of Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Corporation s administration of the Plan and Participant s participation in the Plan. ii. When transferring Data to potential recipients outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Corporation strives to provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. For further information on the transfer of the Participant s personal data outside of the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Participant may contact the Corporation s human resources department. 
 b. Participants outside the EU / EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom 
 
 8 

 i. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, processing and use, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Data by the Corporation and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a non-U.S. data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. Upon transfer of Participant s Data to Fidelity, Participant may be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with Fidelity, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. ii. Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant understands that Participant is providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Participant s Service with the Corporation will not be adversely affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact the Corporation s human resources department. 
 (e) Data Retention . Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan or comply with applicable laws. When the Corporation no longer needs the Data, the Corporation will remove it from its systems. (f) Data Subject Rights . Participant understands that Participant may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy Data that the Corporation possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data, (iii) delete Data, (iv) restrict processing of Data, (v) opt out of the Plan, or (vi) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in Participant s jurisdiction. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant understands that Participant can contact the Corporation s human resources department. 
 3. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 4. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Corporation reserves the right to impose 
 
 9 

 other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 5. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to comply with the Corporation s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to Participant). Participant further acknowledges that, depending on Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Corporation as defined by the laws or regulations in Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Corporation insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should therefore consult Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 6. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Controls . Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 7. Language . If Participant is resident in a country where English is not an official language, Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that it is Participant s express intent that the Agreement, the Addendum and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If Participant has received the Agreement, the Addendum or any other document related to the Plan translated 
 
 10 

 into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 8. Annex to Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or Addendum to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for Participant s country of residence, as are set forth in the annex to this Addendum (the Annex ). Further, if Participant transfers residency to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. In all circumstances, the Annex shall constitute part of this Addendum. 
 
 11 

 ANNEX This Annex to the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides in the country addressed herein or transfers residence or employment to the country addressed herein. If Participant transfers residence to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (including the Addendum) or the Plan. Canada Securities Law Notification : Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she is permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Stock takes place outside of Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed. The shares of Stock currently are listed on Cboe BZX in the United States. 
 12 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-10.57>
 7
 cboe-20221231xex10d57.htm
 EX-10.57
 
 CBOE Holdings, Inc. Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 10.57 F or No n - Empl o y e e D i re c tors CDN defer) C BOE Global Markets , IN C . LO N G-TE R M IN C E N TI V E P L A N R E S TR IC T E D S T O C K U NIT A WARD A GR EE ME N T This R E S T R I C TE D S T O CK UNIT A W ARD A GR E E ME N T the A g re e men t is d a ted e f f e c tive _____________ the A w a rd D a t e ), a nd is b e tw ee n Cboe Global Markets, I n c . (the Co r po r a tion a nd _________________ P a rticipant ). A n y t e rm ca pit a li z e d but not d e fin e d in this A g re e ment will h a ve the m ea ni n g set f o rth in the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (formerly C B OE H oldi n g s, I n c .) L o n g - T e rm I n ce ntive Plan as may be amended from time to time, the Pla n ). 1. A wa r d . The Co r po r a tion h e r e b y a w a rds to P a rticip a nt ________________ Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ). The Restricted Stock Units will be subj ec t to the te r ms a nd c onditions of t h e Plan a nd this Ag r ee ment. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested share of Stock and entitles Participant, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to receive a share of Stock if and when the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 2. No Ri g hts as Stoc k hold e r; Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of the shares of Stock (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation declares a cash dividend on shares of Stock, on the payment date of the dividend, Participant will be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to the amount of the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of Restricted Stock Units held by Participant on the dividend s record date. Upon distribution of the underlying Restricted Stock Units, the total accumulated Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to Participant under the preceding sentence will be deemed to be additional Restricted Stock Units (not subject to reinvestment) and, prior to distribution, will be subject to the same terms regarding vesting, forfeiture, and distribution as the underlying Restricted Stock Units awarded to the Participant under this Agreement. 3. Ve stin g ; E f f e c t of T e rm i n a tion of S e rvi c e; Change in Control . (a) Subje c t to S ec tion 3 b) b e low, P a rticipant s R e strict e d Stock Units will v e st in full on the f irst a n nive r s a r y of the A w a rd D a t e , provided that Particip a n t has re main e d in S e rvi c e c ontinuous l y through such d a te. 
 (b) The R e strict e d Stock Units, if not soon e r v e sted purs u a nt to S ec tion 3 a ), will vest in full upon the ea rliest of i) P a rticip a nt s d e a th, (ii) P a rticip a n t s becoming Disabled, (iii) a Ch a n ge in Contro l , or (iv) upon the P a rticip a nt s t e rmin a t ion due to the c ompl e tion of his t e rm o f s e rv i c e on the B o a rd, whi c h shall m e a n the term of s e rvi c e on the B o a rd c omm e n c ing on the P a rticip a nt s m o st r e ce nt e le c tion or r e - e le c tion to the B o a rd a nd e nding on the fi r st a nnive r s a r y the r e a f t e r unless the Dir e c tor was e le c ted for a lon g e r o r short e r p e riod, in whi c h e v e nt the long e r or short e r p e riod shall be the T e r m , in eac h ca se if p rior to a n y f o r f e iture e v e nt und e r Section 3 d b e lo w . 
 (c) I f P a rticip a nt te r min a tes S e rv i c e for a n y r e a son e x ce pt a s s e t fo r th in 

1 

S ec tion 3(b) a bov e , a nd b e fo r e his o r h e r R e str i c ted Stock Units h ave b ec o m e ful l y v e s t e d und e r this A g re e ment, P a rticip a n t s R e strict e d Stock Units w i ll be fo r f e it e d on a nd a f t e r the e ff ec tive d a te of such te r min a tion. N e ith e r the Co r po r a tion nor a n y A f f iliate will h a ve a n y fu r th e r obli g a tions to P a rticip a nt und e r this A g r e e m e nt if P a rticip a nt s R e strict e d Stock Units are fo r f e it e d. 4. T e rms a nd Conditions o f Distri b ution . (a) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a vested Restricted Stock Unit shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable after all the Restricted Stock Units vest, but not later than two and a half (2 1/2) months after the end of the calendar year in which such vesting occurs, subject to any elections the Participant may make pursuant to the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan. 
 (b) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Participant s termination of service under section 3(b)(iv) above shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable following Participant s separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A, subject to any elections the Participant may make pursuant to the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan. 
 (c) If Participant dies before the date on which the Corporation would have distributed shares of Stock in satisfaction of vested Restricted Stock Units, the Corporation will distribute such shares of Stock to Participant s designated beneficiary(ies) or, if none are designated or surviving, to Participant s estate or personal representative. The Corporation is not required to issue or deliver any shares of Stock before completing the steps necessary to comply with applicable Federal and state securities laws (including any registration requirements) and applicable stock exchange rules and practices. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause compliance with those laws, rules and practices. The foregoing provisions are subject in all cases to the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 5. Nont ra nsfer a bili t y . Unvested R e strict e d Stock Units m a y not be sold, tr a nsf e rr e d, e x c h a n g e d, pledg e d, a ss i g n e d, g a rnish e d, or othe r wise a li e n a ted or h y pothec a ted, oth e r than b y will or b y the l a ws of d e s c e n t a nd distribution. A n y e f fo r t to a ssi g n or t r a nsfer the r i ghts und e r this Ag r ee ment will be w h ol l y ine f f ec tiv e , a nd will be g roun d s f o r te r m i n a tion b y the Committee of a ll r i g hts of P a rticip a n t und e r this A g r ee ment. 6. Administr a tion . The C ommittee a dminist e rs t h e Plan. P a rticip a n t s r i g hts und e r this Ag r ee ment a re e x p re ssly subj ec t to the t e rms a nd c onditions of the P lan a nd to a n y g uidelines t h e Commi t tee a dopts f rom time to t i me. The int e rpr e tation a nd c onstru c t i on b y t h e Committee of t h e Plan a nd this A g r ee ment, a nd such rul e s a nd re g u l a tions a s m a y be a dopted b y the Committee for purp o s e s of a d minist e ring the Plan a nd t h is A g re e men t , will be f inal a nd binding upon P a rticip a nt. 7. S ec u r ities L a w R e quirement s . I f a t a n y time the B o a rd or Committee d e te r min e s that issuing Stock pursu a nt to this A g r e e ment would viol a te a ppli ca ble s ec u r ities la w s, t h e Co r por a tion will not be r e quir e d to issue s u c h Stock. The B o a rd or Committee m a y d ec lare a n y provision of this A g r e e m e nt or ac tion of its own nu l l a nd void, if it d e te r min e s the p r ovision or ac tion f a ils to c omply with a ppli ca b l e s ec u r i t ies la w s. The Co r por a tion m a y r e qui r e P a rticip a nt to make w ri tt e n r e p re s e ntations it d ee ms n ece ssa r y or d e sir a ble to c omp l y w i th applic a ble s e c u rities l a ws. 8. R e p re s e ntations a nd Wa r r a nti e s . P a rticip a nt r e p r e s e nts a nd w a r r a nts to t he Co r por a tion 
 
 2 

that P a rticip a nt h a s re c e ived a c o p y of the P l a n a nd this A g re e ment, h a s re a d a nd und e rst a nds the te r ms o f the Plan a nd this A g re e ment, a nd a g re e s to b e bound b y their te r ms and c onditions in a ll re spe c ts. 9. No L imit a tion on t h e C o rpo r a tio n s Ri g ht s . This g r a nting of R e str i c ted Stock Units und e r this Ag r ee ment shall not a nd will n o t in a n y w a y a ff ec t the Co r por a tio n s r i ght or pow e r to make a djustments, r ec l a ssifi c a tions or c h a n g e s i n its ca pit a l or busi n e ss stru c ture o r to me r g e , c onsolidat e , r e in c o r por a te, dissolve, liquidate or s e ll or t r a nsfer a ll or a n y p a rt of its busin e ss or a ssets. 10. Plan a nd A g r ee m e nt Not a Contra c t of S e rvi c e . N e ith e r the Plan nor this Ag r ee ment is a c ontr a c t o f S e rvic e , a nd no te r ms of P a rticip a n t s S e rvi c e will be a f f e c t e d in a n y w a y b y the Plan, this Ag r ee m e nt or r e la t e d instrum e n ts, e x ce pt to the e x tent spe c ifi c a l l y e x p re ssed the r e in. N e ith e r the Plan nor this A g r ee ment will be c onstr ue d a s c on f e r r i n g a n y l e g a l ri g hts on P a rti c ipant to continue to r em a in in S e rvi c e , nor will i t int e r f e re with the Co r por a tio n s o r a n y A f f iliat e s r i g ht to d isch a r g e P a rticip a nt o r to d e a l with P a rticip a nt re g a rdl e ss of the e x ist e n c e of the Pl a n or this A g r ee ment. 11. Entire Ag r e e ment a nd A mendm e n t . This A g r e e ment a nd the Plan c onstitute the e ntire a g ree m e nt b e tw e e n the p a rties h e r e to with r e sp e c t to the R e strict e d Stock Units, a nd a ll p r ior o ra l a nd w r itten r e p r e s e ntations a re mer g e d in this A g r e e m e nt a nd the Plan. Notwithstanding the p r e ce di n g s e nten c e , this A g ree ment shall not in a n y way a f f e c t the te r ms a nd p r ovisions of the Plan. This A g re e ment m a y b e a m e nd e d, modifi e d, or te r min a ted on l y in a c c o rd a n c e with the Plan. The h e a din g s in this Ag r ee ment a r e inse r ted for c on v e nience a nd identifi ca tion o nl y a nd a re not int e nd e d to d e s c rib e , int e rp r e t, d e fine o r limit the s c op e , e x tent, or int e nt of this A g r ee ment o r a n y p r ovision h e r e o f . 12. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing (including electronic) and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, or sent by overnight courier, at the sender s expense, or (if from the Corporation or the Corporation s stock plan administrator) by electronic mail. Notice will be deemed given (a) when delivered personally or, (b) if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the United States mail or, (c) if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent, or (d) when electronically mailed. Notice to the Corporation should be sent to Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to Participant should be sent to the mailing address and/or electronic mailing address set forth on the Corporation s records. Either party may change the address to which the other party must give notice under this Section 12 by giving the other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above or otherwise established by the Corporation or its stock plan administrator. 13. Su cce ssors a nd Assi g n s . The te r ms of this Ag r ee ment will be bi n ding upon the Co r por a tion a nd its suc c e ssors a nd a ssi g ns. 14. Gov e rni n g L a w . To the e x tent not p ree mpt e d b y F e d e r a l la w , t h e Plan, this A g r ee ment, a nd do c uments e viden c i n g r i g hts r e l a ting to the Plan or this A g r ee ment wi l l be c onstru e d, a dminist e r e d a nd g o v e r n e d in a ll r e s p ec ts und e r a nd b y t h e la w s o f the St a te of D e l a war e , without g iving e f fe c t to i ts c onfli c t of la w s p r inciples. I f a n y p rovision of this A g re e ment will be h e ld b y a c ourt of c ompet e nt jurisdi c tion to be invalid or un e n f o rc e a ble, the r e maining p r ovisions h e r e of will c ontinue to be ful l y e ff ec tiv e . The jurisdi c tion a nd v e nue for a n y disputes a rising und e r, or a n y a c tion b r ou g ht to e n f o rc e (or othe r wise 
 
 3 

r e lating to), this A g r e e ment will be e x c lusiv e l y in the c ourts in the State of I llinois, Coun t y of Cook, including the F e d e r a l Courts loc a ted the r e in (should F e d e r a l jurisdi c tion e x ist). 15. Plan Do c ument Control s . The ri g hts g r a n t e d und e r this A g re e ment a re in a ll r e spe c ts subj ec t to the p r ovisions s e t fo r th in the Plan to t h e s a me e x tent a nd with t he s a me e ff ec t a s if s e t f o rth ful l y in t h is A g r ee ment. I f t h e terms of this Ag r ee m e nt c o n f li c t with the te r ms of the Pl a n do c um e nt, the Pl a n do c ument will c ontrol. 16. Counte r p a rts . This A g r ee ment m a y b e e x e c uted simult a n e ous l y in two or more c ounte r p a rts, e a c h o f w h ich shall be d ee m e d a n o r i g inal a nd a ll of whi c h togeth e r s h a ll c onstitute but one a nd the s a me instrum e nt. 17. W a i v e r ; C u m u l a t i v e Ri gh ts . Th e fa i l u r e o r d e l a y o f e it h e r p ar ty t o re qu i r e p erf o r m a n c e b y t h e o t h e r p ar t y o f a ny p r ov i s i o n o f t h i s A g r e e m e n t w i l l n o t affec t it s r i g h t t o re qu i r e p erf o r m a n c e o f su c h p r ov i s i o n u n l e s s a n d un t i l su c h p erf o r m a n c e h a s b ee n w a i v e d i n w r it i n g . E ac h r i g h t und e r t h i s A g ree m e n t i s c u m ul a ti v e a n d m a y b e e x erc i s e d i n p ar t o r i n who l e fr o m t im e t o t i m e . 18. T a x C o ns e qu e n ces . P ar ti c i p a n t a g ree s t o d e t er mi n e a n d b e re spo n s i b l e f o r a l l t a x c ons e qu e n ce s t o P ar t i c i p a n t w i t h r e sp ec t t o t h e R e s t r i c t e d St o c k Units . 19. Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A, including the exceptions and exemptions for short term deferrals, stock rights, and separation pay arrangements. This Agreement and all Restricted Stock Units shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement, be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Corporation, and without the consent of Participant, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Section 409A. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee by the Corporation of any particular tax effect to Participant. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payment that is subject to Section 409A and payable upon Participant s termination of employment or other similar event shall not be made unless Participant has experienced a separation from service as defined under Section 409A. 20. Addendum to Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Participant resides or is employed outside the U.S. or transfers residence or employment outside the U.S., the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions as are set forth in the addendum to this agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or service to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Corporation determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 4 

I N W I TN E SS W HERE O F , the Co r por a tion a n d P a rticip a nt h a v e du l y e x ec uted this Ag r ee ment a s of the d a t e f irst w r itten a bov e . Cboe Global Markets, Inc. _________________________________ By: _____________________________ Participant s Name _________________________________ Its: _____________________________ Participant s Signature 
 
 5 

P a rticip a nt s Ad d r e ss f o r noti ce s _________________________________ _________________________________ ACCEPTANCE DATE 
 6 

ADDENDUM CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT This Addendum to the Agreement includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides outside of the United States or transfers residence outside the United States. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Agreement or the Plan. 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units , Participant acknowledges that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
 (b) (b) the award of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Unit awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; 
 (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
 (e) the Restricted Stock Unit Award will not be interpreted to form a Service or employment contract or relationship with the Corporation; 
 (f) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; 
 (g) the Corporation shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of any shares of Stock Participant may acquire upon such settlement; and 
 (h) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Corporation in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company or to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Corporation. 
 
 2. Data Privacy . 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . The Corporation will collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, specifically, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the 
 7 

exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. (b) Recipients of Data . a. Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Corporation transfers Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC (and/or its affiliates, collectively Fidelity ), the designated broker assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Corporation may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. b. Other Service Provider Data Recipients . The Corporation also may transfer Data to other third party service providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. Such third party service providers may include the Corporation s legal counsel as well as its auditor, human resources consultant and payroll vendor. Wherever possible, the Corporation will anonymize data, but Participant understands that his or her Data may need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. c. Securities or Other Regulatory Authorities . In addition to the recipients identified herein and where required under applicable law, Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities, including where the Corporation s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The legal basis, where required, for such disclosure is compliance with applicable law. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Corporation, Fidelity and other service providers described above are located in the United States. The United States may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country of residence. (d) Legal Basis for Collection, Processing and Transfer of Data . a. Participants within the EU / European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. The collection, processing and transfer of Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Corporation s administration of the Plan and Participant s participation in the Plan. ii. When transferring Data to potential recipients outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Corporation strives to provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. For further information on the transfer of the Participant s personal data outside of the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Participant may contact the Corporation s human resources department. 
 b. Participants outside the EU / EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom 
 
 8 

i. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, processing and use, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Data by the Corporation and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a non-U.S. data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. Upon transfer of Participant s Data to Fidelity, Participant may be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with Fidelity, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. ii. Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant understands that Participant is providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Participant s Service with the Corporation will not be adversely affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact the Corporation s human resources department. 
 (e) Data Retention . Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan or comply with applicable laws. When the Corporation no longer needs the Data, the Corporation will remove it from its systems. (f) Data Subject Rights . Participant understands that Participant may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy Data that the Corporation possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data, (iii) delete Data, (iv) restrict processing of Data, (v) opt out of the Plan, or (vi) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in Participant s jurisdiction. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant understands that Participant can contact the Corporation s human resources department. 
 3. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 4. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Corporation reserves the right to impose 
 
 9 

other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 5. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to comply with the Corporation s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to Participant). Participant further acknowledges that, depending on Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Corporation as defined by the laws or regulations in Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Corporation insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should therefore consult Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 6. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Controls . Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 7. Language . If Participant is resident in a country where English is not an official language, Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that it is Participant s express intent that the Agreement, the Addendum and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If Participant has received the Agreement, the Addendum or any other document related to the Plan translated 
 
 10 

into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 8. Annex to Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or Addendum to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for Participant s country of residence, as are set forth in the annex to this Addendum (the Annex ). Further, if Participant transfers residency to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. In all circumstances, the Annex shall constitute part of this Addendum. 
 
 11 

ANNEX This Annex to the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides in the country addressed herein or transfers residence or employment to the country addressed herein. If Participant transfers residence to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (including the Addendum) or the Plan. Canada Securities Law Notification : Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she is permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Stock takes place outside of Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed. The shares of Stock currently are listed on Cboe BZX in the United States. 
 12 

</EX-10.57>

<EX-10.83>
 8
 cboe-20221231xex10d83.htm
 EX-10.83

Exhibit 10.83 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is dated effective _______________________ (the Award Date ), and is between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Corporation and __________________ Participant ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (formerly CBOE Holdings, Inc.) Long-Term Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 1. Award . The Corporation hereby awards to Participant ___________ Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ). The Restricted Stock Units will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested share of Stock and entitles Participant, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to receive a share of Stock if and when the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 2. No Rights as Stockholder; Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of the shares of Stock (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation declares a cash dividend on shares of Stock, on the payment date of the dividend, Participant will be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to the amount of the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of Restricted Stock Units held by Participant on the dividend s record date. The Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to Participant under the preceding sentence will be distributed to Participant at the same time as the underlying cash dividend is distributed to shareholders of the Corporation. 3. Vesting; Effect of Termination of Service; Change in Control . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 3(b), 3(c) and 3(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest (i) thirty-three percent (33 on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Award Date, provided that Participant has remained in Service continuously through such date, (ii) thirty-three percent (33 on the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Award Date, provided that Participant has remained in Service continuously through such date, and (iii) thirty-four percent (34 on the thirty-six (36) month anniversary of the Award Date, provided that Participant has remained in Service continuously through such date.
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest in full upon the earliest to occur of (i) Participant s death, (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability for purposes of Section 409A, or (iii) the date on which Participant has attained at least age fifty-five (55) and completed ten (10) years of Service Retirement Vesting ), in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 3(d) below.

(c) This subsection 3(c) shall apply to this Agreement, this Award and any Replacement Award provided to Participant to replace this Award in lieu of Section 8.2(b) of the Plan. Upon a termination of Participant s Service by the Corporation or its Affiliate without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason (as defined below), in each case, upon or within two years after a Change in Control and prior to any forfeiture event under Section 3(d) below, this Award or any Replacement Award held by Participant shall become fully vested and free of restrictions and shall be distributed upon or within 60 days of such termination of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Award or the Replacement Award, as applicable, is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, payment shall be made pursuant to the Award s original schedule if necessary to comply with Section 409A. 
 
 For purposes of this Award Good Reason shall be deemed to exist if, and only if, without the Participant s express written consent: (i) The Corporation or its Affiliate assigns to Participant authorities, duties or responsibilities (including titles) that are inconsistent in any material and adverse respect with Participant s immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities with the Corporation or its Affiliate (including any material and adverse diminution of such immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities); (ii) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially reduces Participant s base compensation; (iii) The Corporation or its Affiliate requires Participant to relocate his or her principal business office or principal place of residence outside the metropolitan area in which Participant worked or resided at the time the Restricted Stock Units were awarded (or outside the immediately preceding location of Participant s principal business office with the Corporation or its Affiliate), or assigns to Participant duties that would reasonably require such relocation; (iv) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially breaches the terms of any agreement pursuant to which services are provided to the Corporation or its Affiliate by Participant; or (v) The Corporation or its Affiliate terminates, reduces or limits Participant s participation in any bonus or incentive compensation arrangement relative to the level of participation of other employees of similar rank for a reason that is not reasonably related to Participant s level of job performance or local requirements and provided that such action results in a material reduction in the aggregate value of Participant s incentive compensation below the aggregate value as of the immediately preceding bonus or incentive compensation performance period and provided further that a mere change in the form of payment of the award (whether cash or shares of Stock) without a reduction in the aggregate grant value of the award shall not be considered a reduction of Participant s participation. Participant s voluntary termination of Service shall not be considered a termination of Service for Good Reason unless Participant terminates his or her Service 
 2 

within 120 days after the initial existence of the condition constituting Good Reason; provided, Participant provides written notice to the Corporation or its Affiliate of Participant s intention to resign for Good Reason, which notice specifies in reasonable detail the breach or action giving rise thereto within 90 days of its initial existence, and the Corporation or its Affiliate does not cure such breach or action within 30 days after the date of the Participant s notice. (d) If Participant s Service is terminated for any reason before all of Participant s Restricted Stock Units have vested under this Agreement (including pursuant to an event described in Section 3(b) or 3(c) above), Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited upon the effective date of such termination of Service. Neither the Corporation nor any Affiliate will have any further obligations to Participant under this Agreement if Participant s Restricted Stock Units are forfeited.
 
 4. Terms and Conditions of Distribution . (a) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a vested Restricted Stock Unit (other than a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Retirement Vesting) shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable after the Restricted Stock Unit vests, but not later than two and a half (2 months after the end of the calendar year in which such vesting occurs. 
 (b) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Retirement Vesting shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable following the earlier to occur of the following dates: (i) the date on which such Restricted Stock Unit would otherwise have vested in accordance with Section 3(a) or clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) of Section 3(b), or (ii) Participant s separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A (or, if Participant is a specified employee as defined for purposes of Section 409A on the date of such separation from service, the date that is the first day of the seventh (7 th month following Participant s separation from service).
 (c) If Participant dies before the date on which the Corporation would have distributed shares of Stock in satisfaction of vested Restricted Stock Units, the Corporation will distribute such shares of Stock to Participant s designated beneficiary(ies) or, if none are designated or surviving, to Participant s estate or personal representative. The Corporation is not required to issue or deliver any shares of Stock before completing the steps necessary to comply with applicable Federal and state securities laws (including any registration requirements) and applicable stock exchange rules and practices. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause compliance with those laws, rules and practices. The foregoing provisions are subject in all cases to the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 5. Nontransferability . Unvested Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, exchanged, pledged, assigned, garnished, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Any effort to assign or transfer the rights under this Agreement will be wholly ineffective, and will be grounds for termination by the Committee of all rights of Participant under this Agreement. 
 3 

6. Administration . The Committee administers the Plan. Participant s rights under this Agreement are expressly subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and to any guidelines the Committee adopts from time to time. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of the Plan and this Agreement, and such rules and regulations as may be adopted by the Committee for purposes of administering the Plan and this Agreement, will be final and binding upon Participant. 7. Securities Law Requirements . If at any time the Board or Committee determines that issuing Stock pursuant to this Agreement would violate applicable securities laws, the Corporation will not be required to issue such Stock. The Board or Committee may declare any provision of this Agreement or action of its own null and void, if it determines the provision or action fails to comply with applicable securities laws. The Corporation may require Participant to make written representations it deems necessary or desirable to comply with applicable securities laws. 8. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Distribution to Participant of shares of Stock under this Agreement will be subject to Federal income and other tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable) by the Corporation in respect of taxes on income realized by Participant. The Corporation may withhold the minimum statutorily required amounts from future paychecks to Participant, or may require that Participant deliver to the Corporation the amounts to be withheld. Participant agrees to allow the Corporation, upon any payment of shares of Stock to Participant under this Agreement, to withhold a portion of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to Participant having a Fair Market Value of the minimum tax withholding obligation (or, in the discretion of the Corporation, to satisfy up to the maximum tax withholding obligation), in satisfaction of any Federal income and other tax withholding (and any state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable). Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event that any Restricted Stock Units become subject to tax withholding before the shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be delivered to the Participant, the Corporation may issue a sufficient number of whole shares of Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units that does not exceed the minimum tax withholding obligation, which shares of Stock shall be withheld by the Corporation to satisfy its withholding obligation, in accordance with and subject to the requirements of Section 409A. 9. Restrictive Covenants . Participant understands the global nature of the Corporation s businesses and the effort the Corporation and its Affiliates (collectively referred to in this Section as Cboe undertake to develop and protect their business and their competitive advantage. Accordingly, Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions described in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Cboe. Participant further agrees that during the period of Participant s Service and for a period of two (2) years following Participant s separation from Service, Participant shall not, without the express written approval of the Chief Executive Officer: 
 (a) singly, jointly, or in any other capacity, in a manner that contributes to any research, technology, development, account, trading, marketing, promotion, or sales and that relates to Participant s Service with Cboe, directly or beneficially, manage, join, 

 4 

participate in the management, operation or control of, or work for (as an employee, consultant or independent contractor), or permit the use of his or her name by, or provide financial or other assistance to, or be connected in any manner with (i) any exchange, facility, clearinghouse, electronic communications network ECN ), electronic foreign currency exchange market FX matching platform, multilateral trading facility, or alternative trading system ATS (ii) the ECN, ATS or FX business lines of any full service broker dealer; or (iii) any business line of any company that is substantially similar to any additional business line developed or entered into by Cboe during Participant s Service, provided that, in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), such entity or business line that directly competes with Cboe;
 (b) provide any service or assistance that (i) is of the general type of service or assistance provided by Participant to Cboe, (ii) relates to any technology, account, product, project or piece of work with which Participant was involved during his Service, and (iii) contributes to causing an entity to come within the definition described in Section 9(a) above;
 (c) solicit or accept if offered to Participant, with or without solicitation, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of any other person, the services of any person who is a then-current employee of Cboe (or was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation), nor solicit any of Cboe s then-current employees (or an individual who was employed by or engaged by Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation) to terminate employment or an engagement with Cboe, nor agree to hire any then-current employee (or an individual who was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such hire) of Cboe into employment with Participant or any company, individual or other entity; or
 (d) directly or indirectly divert or attempt to divert from Cboe any business in which Cboe has been actively engaged during Participant s Service, nor interfere with the relationships of Cboe or with their sources of business.
 
 10. Confidentiality . Participant acknowledges that the Corporation or an Affiliate may disclose secret or confidential information to Participant during the period of Participant s Service to enable Participant to perform his or her duties. Participant agrees that, subject to the following sentence, Participant shall not during his or her Service (except in connection with the proper performance of his or her duties) and thereafter, without the prior written consent of the Corporation, disclose to any person or entity any material or significant secret or confidential information concerning the business of the Corporation or an Affiliate that was obtained by Participant in the course of Participant s Service. This paragraph shall not be applicable if and to the extent Participant is required to testify in a legislative, judicial or regulatory proceeding pursuant to an order of Congress, any state or local legislature, a judge, or an administrative law judge, or if such secret or confidential information is required to be disclosed by Participant by any law, regulation or order of any court or regulatory commission, department or agency. Participant further agrees that if Participant s Service is terminated for any reason, Participant will not take, but will leave with the Corporation or an Affiliate, all records and papers and all matter of whatever nature that bears secret or confidential information of the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term secret or 
 5 

confidential information shall include, but not be limited to, any and all records, notes, memoranda, data, writings, research, personnel information, customer information, clearing members information, the Corporation s and any Affiliate s financial information and plans, processes, methods, techniques, systems, formulas, patents, models, devices, compilations or any other information of whatever nature in the possession or control of the Corporation or an Affiliate, that has not been published or disclosed to the general public, the options industry, the equities industry, the foreign currency exchange industry or the commodities futures industry, provided that such term shall not include knowledge, skills, and information that is common to the trade or profession of Participant. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge or complaint with a governmental or regulatory entity, participating in a governmental or regulatory entity investigation, or giving truthful testimony or making other disclosures to a governmental or regulatory entity (in each case, without having to disclose any such conduct to the Corporation or an Affiliate ), or from responding if properly subpoenaed or otherwise required to do so under applicable law. In addition, nothing in this Agreement limits Participant s right to receive an award from a governmental or regulatory entity for information provided to such an entity (and not as compensation for actual or alleged personal injury or damages to Participant). Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence either directly or indirectly to a federal, state, or local government official, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a violation of law. Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret made in a complaint, or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If Participant files a lawsuit or other action alleging retaliation by the Corporation or an Affiliate for reporting a suspected violation of law, Participant may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding or other action, if Participant files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. This paragraph will govern to the extent it may conflict with any other provision of this Agreement. 11. Judicial Modification . If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of Section 9 or 10 is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that (a) the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, (b) the parties shall request that the court exercise that power, and (c) this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. 
 6 

12. Remedies . Participant agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in Sections 9 or 10 of this Agreement, in addition to any other penalties or restrictions that may apply under any employment agreement, state law, or otherwise, Participant shall forfeit, upon written notice to such effect from the Corporation, any and all Awards granted to him or her under the Plan and this Agreement, including vested Awards. The forfeiture provisions of this Section 12 shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and Participant have lapsed. Participant consents and agrees that if Participant violates or threatens to violate any provisions of Sections 9 or 10 of this Agreement, the Corporation or its successors in interest shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies that they may have, including money damages, to an injunction to be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining Participant from committing or continuing any violation of Sections 9 or 10 . In the event that Participant is found to have breached any provision set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement, the time period provided for in that provision shall be deemed tolled i.e. , it will not begin to run) for as long as Participant was in violation of that provision. The provisions of Sections 9 and 10 of this Agreement shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the Participant s service has terminated and after provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and the Participant have lapsed. 13. Representations and Warranties . Participant represents and warrants to the Corporation that Participant has received a copy of the Plan and this Agreement, has read and understands the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, and agrees to be bound by their terms and conditions in all respects. 14. No Limitation on the Corporation s Rights . The granting of Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement shall not and will not in any way affect the Corporation s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, reincorporate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 15. Plan and Agreement Not a Contract of Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement is a contract of employment or Service, and no terms of Participant s employment or Service will be affected in any way by the Plan, this Agreement or related instruments, except to the extent specifically expressed therein. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement will be construed as conferring any legal rights on Participant to continue to be employed or remain in Service, nor will it interfere with the Corporation s or any Affiliate s right to discharge Participant or to deal with Participant regardless of the existence of the Plan or this Agreement. 16. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, and all prior oral and written representations are merged in this Agreement and the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall not in any way affect the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement may be amended, modified, or terminated only in accordance with the Plan. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, 
 7 

interpret, define or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 17. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, sent by overnight courier (at the sender s expense), or (if from the Corporation or the Corporation s stock plan administrator) by electronic mail. Notice will be deemed given (a) when delivered personally, (b) if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the U.S. mail, (c) if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent, or (d) when electronically mailed. Notice to the Corporation should be sent to Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to Participant should be sent to the mailing address and/or electronic mailing address set forth on the Corporation s records. Either party may change the address to which the other party must give notice under this Section 17 by giving the other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above or otherwise established by the Corporation or its stock plan administrator. 18. Successors and Assigns . The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns. 19. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by Federal law, the Plan, this Agreement, and documents evidencing rights relating to the Plan or this Agreement will be construed, administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement will be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be fully effective. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce (or otherwise relating to), this Agreement will be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). 20. Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions set forth in the Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if set forth fully in this Agreement. If the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 22. Waiver; Cumulative Rights . The failure or delay of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement will not affect its right to require performance of such provision unless and until such performance has been waived in writing. Each right under this Agreement is cumulative and may be exercised in part or in whole from time to time. 
 8 

23. Tax Consequences . Participant agrees to determine and be responsible for all tax consequences to Participant with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 24. Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A, including the exceptions and exemptions for short term deferrals, stock rights, and separation pay arrangements. This Agreement and all Restricted Stock Units shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement, be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Corporation, and without the consent of Participant, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Section 409A. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee by the Corporation of any particular tax effect to Participant. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payment that is subject to Section 409A and payable upon Participant s termination of employment or other similar event shall not be made unless Participant has experienced a separation from service as defined under Section 409A. Any payment subject to Section 409A that is to be made upon a separation from service to Participant on any date when he or she is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A shall not be paid before the date that is six (6) months following Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, Participant s death. 25. Awards Subject to the Corporation s Recovery of Funds Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement shall be subject to the Corporation s compensation recovery policy, as may be in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the provisions of any such policy required by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations issued by the SEC or any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Stock may be traded. 26. Addendum to Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Participant resides or is employed outside the U.S. or transfers residence or employment outside the U.S., the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions as are set forth in the addendum to this agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Corporation determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. Cboe Global Markets, Inc. _________________________________ By: _____________________________ Participant s Name _________________________________ Its: _____________________________ Participant s Signature 

ADDENDUM CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT This Addendum to the Agreement includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed outside of the United States or transfers residence or employment outside the United States. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Agreement or the Plan. 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Unit awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; (e) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock that may be received in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, (i) are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Corporation or the Affiliate that employs Participant (the Employer ), and which is outside the scope of Participant s employment contract, if any, (ii) are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation, and (iii) are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; (f) the Restricted Stock Unit award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation or any Affiliate, nor does it amend any legal relationship or legal entitlement between Participant and the Employer; (g) this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of Participant s further employment for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere with Participant s right or the right of the Corporation or the Employer to terminate Participant s employment relationship at any time with or without cause; 
 11 

(h) unless otherwise agreed with the Corporation, the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of an Affiliate; (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) neither the Corporation, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of any shares of Stock Participant may acquire upon such settlement; (k) in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Restricted Stock Units or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units or shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from Participant s termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; and (l) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Corporation in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company or to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Corporation. 
 2. Participants in the European Union . If Participant resides and/or is employed in a European Union EU member state, the following provision shall replace Section 3(b) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) Participant s death or (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability for purposes of Section 409A, in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 3(d) below. 3. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Participant acknowledges and agrees that if Participant is subject to tax and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, the Corporation or its Affiliate(s) may be required to withhold or account for taxes and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, in accordance with the methods of withholding described in Section 8 of the Agreement. 4. Data Privacy . 
 12 

(a) Data Collection and Usage . The Corporation and the Employer will collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, specifically, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. (b) Recipients of Data . a. Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Corporation and the Employer transfer Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC (and/or its affiliates, collectively Fidelity ), the designated broker assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Corporation may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. b. Other Service Provider Data Recipients . The Corporation also may transfer Data to other third party service providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. Such third party service providers may include the Corporation s legal counsel as well as its auditor, human resources consultant and payroll vendor. Wherever possible, the Corporation will anonymize data, but Participant understands that his or her Data may need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. c. Securities or Other Regulatory Authorities . In addition to the recipients identified herein and where required under applicable law, Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities, including where the Corporation s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The legal basis, where required, for such disclosure is compliance with applicable law. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Corporation, Fidelity and other service providers described above are located in the United States. The United States may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country of residence (or country of employment, if different). (d) Legal Basis for Collection, Processing and Transfer of Data . a. Participants within the EU / European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. The collection, processing and transfer of Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Corporation and Employer s administration of the Plan and Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 13 

ii. When transferring Data to potential recipients outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Corporation and the Employer strive to provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. For further information on the transfer of the Participant s personal data outside of the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 b. Participants outside the EU / EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, processing and use, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Data by the Corporation and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a non-U.S. data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. Upon transfer of Participant s Data to Fidelity, Participant may be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with Fidelity, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. ii. Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant understands that Participant is providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Participant s employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 (e) Data Retention . Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan or comply with applicable laws. When the Corporation no longer needs the Data, the Corporation will remove it from its systems. (f) Data Subject Rights . Participant understands that Participant may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy Data that the Corporation possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data, (iii) delete Data, (iv) restrict processing of Data, (v) opt out of the Plan, or (vi) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in Participant s jurisdiction. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant understands that Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 14 

5. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 6. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 7. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to comply with the Corporation s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to Participant). Participant further acknowledges that, depending on Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Corporation as defined by the laws or regulations in Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Corporation insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should therefore consult Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 8. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Controls . Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 15 

9. Language . If Participant is resident in a country where English is not an official language, Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that it is Participant s express intent that the Agreement, the Addendum and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If Participant has received the Agreement, the Addendum or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 10. Annex to Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or Addendum to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in the annex to this Addendum (the Annex ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. In all circumstances, the Annex shall constitute part of this Addendum. 
 16 

ANNEX This Annex to the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed in the country addressed herein or transfers residence or employment to the country addressed herein. If Participant transfers residence and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (including the Addendum) or the Plan. Australia 1. Tax Notification . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to conditions in the Act). 2. Offer Document . The Corporation is pleased to provide this offer to participate in the Plan . This offer document sets out information regarding the award for Australian-resident Participants Australian Participants ). It is for informational purposes and is intended to comply with the provisions of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Instrument 22-0283. 
 Additional Documents In addition to the information set out in the Agreement (including the Addendum and this Annex), Participant is also being provided with copies of the following documents: 1. the Plan; and 2. the Plan Prospectus describing the terms of the Plan (the Plan Prospectus and 3. any supplemental documents to the Plan and Plan Prospectus, as necessary. These additional documents provide further information to help Participant make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan Prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. Participant should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. Participant should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement and the additional documents when considering participation in the Plan. General Information Only Any information given by the Corporation or any subsidiary or affiliate in relation to the Restricted Stock Units is general and does not take into account an Australian Participant s objectives, financial situation and needs. Australian Participants should consider obtaining their own financial product advice from an independent person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 17 

Acquisition Price No acquisition price is payable by Participant for the Corporation to grant Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Agreement or for Participant to acquire shares of Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. Shares of Stock A share of common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to an ordinary share of an Australian Corporation. Each holder of a share of common stock is entitled to one vote for every share held. The shares of Stock are traded on Cboe BZX in the United States of America under the symbol CBOE . Shares of Stock are not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Corporation and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions . Risks of Acquiring Shares of Stock This paragraph provides Australian Participants with general information about the risks of acquiring and holding shares of Stock. Before accepting the grant of Restricted Stock Units, Australian Participants should satisfy themselves that they have a sufficient understanding of these matters and should consider whether shares of Stock are a suitable investment for them, having regard to their own investment objectives, financial circumstances and taxation position. (a) Price of shares of Stock may fluctuate: The price at which a share of Stock is quoted on the Cboe BZX may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. Some of the factors that may affect the price of the shares of Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Corporation operates and general operational and business risks. More information about potential factors that could affect the Corporation s business and financial results is included in the Corporation s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Copies of these forms are available at http://www.sec.gov/ and upon request to the Corporation. In addition, Participant should be aware that the value of the shares of Stock Participant may acquire will be affected by the U.S./Australian dollar exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. (b) Trading in shares of Stock may not be liquid: There can be no guarantee that an active market in shares of Stock will continue or that the price of shares of Stock will increase. The number of potential buyers or sellers of shares of Stock on the Cboe BZX 
 18 

may vary at any time. This may increase the volatility of the market price of shares of Stock. It may also affect the prevailing market price at which shareholders are able to sell their shares of Stock. This may result in shareholders receiving a market price for their shares of Stock that is less than the price that shareholders paid. (c) Risk of dilution: In the future, the Corporation may elect to issue stock (or securities convertible into stock) including in connection with fundraisings for acquisitions that the Corporation may decide to make. Shareholders may be diluted as a result of such issues of stock or securities or such issues may reduce the market price of shares of Stock. (d) Dividends on shares of Stock : The Corporation may pay dividends on shares of Stock. Payment of future dividends, and the timing and amount of any dividends the Corporation determines to pay, are at the discretion of the Board. Market Price of shares of Stock in Australian Dollars An Australian Participant can, from time to time, ascertain the market price of the shares of Stock by obtaining that price from the Corporation website (http://ir.cboe.com/) or The Wall Street Journal. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at the website of the Reserve Bank of Australia http://www.rba.gov.au/statistics/frequency/exchange-rates.html ). This will not be a prediction of what the market price per share will be when the Restricted Stock Units vest and the shares of Stock are issued or of the applicable exchange rate on the actual vesting date or the date the shares of Stock are issued. Canada 1. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units : Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or any related document, if Participant is resident or employed in Canada, the Corporation shall have absolute discretion to settle the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock or in the form of a cash payment or in any combination of the foregoing. 2. Securities Law Notification : Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she is permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Stock takes place outside of Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed. The shares of Stock currently are listed on Cboe BZX in the United States. 3. Termination of Employment : Except as may be determined by the Committee and except as otherwise provided in Section 3 of the Agreement, for purposes of Section 3(d) of the Agreement, Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant ceases to be an employee of the Corporation (or, if different, the Affiliate to which Participant provides Service) for any reason, whether lawful or otherwise (including, without limitation, by reason of resignation, death, frustration of contract, termination for cause, termination without cause, or constructive dismissal), without regard to any pay in lieu of notice (whether 
 19 

by way of lump sum or salary continuance), benefits continuance, or other termination related payments or benefits, whether pursuant to the common law or otherwise, to which Participant may then be entitled (the Termination Date ). In the event that the Termination Date cannot reasonably be determined under the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Committee and its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Termination Date occurs for purposes of the Plan (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing Service while on any leave of absence). Unless otherwise extended by the Corporation, or as may be required to satisfy the minimum requirements of applicable employment or labour standards legislation, any portion of the award that is not vested on the Termination Date shall terminate immediately and be null and void, and Participant will have no entitlement to further vesting in the Restricted Stock Units or compensation in lieu thereof following the Termination Date, and Participant waives any claim to damages in respect thereof whether related or attributable to any contractual or common law termination entitlements or otherwise. For additional clarity, if applicable employment or labour standards legislation specifically requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be allowed to continue for that minimum notice period but then immediately terminate effective as of the last day of Participant s minimum statutory notice period . Hong Kong 1. Settlement in Shares of Stock . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 2. Disposal of Shares of Stock . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to Participant within six (6) months after the Award Date, Participant agrees that Participant will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Award Date. 3. IMPORTANT NOTICE/WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock issued in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Corporation or an Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 20 

4. Wages . The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units do not form part of Participant s wages for purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. Japan 1. Vesting . If Participant resides and/or is employed in Japan, the following provision shall replace Section 3(b) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) Participant s death or (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability for purposes of Section 409A, in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 3(d) below. Netherlands 1. Exclusion of Claim : Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant ceasing to have rights under the Plan, whether or not as a result of termination of Participant s Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss of diminution in value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 Philippines 1. Settlement in Cash . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in cash (and shall not be settled in shares of Stock), unless otherwise determined by the Corporation. 2. Vesting . If Participant resides and/or is employed in the Philippines, the following provision shall replace Section 3(b) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) Participant s death or (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability for purposes of Section 409A, in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 3(d) below. Singapore 1. Securities Law Information . The grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of 
 21 

prospectuses would not apply. Participant should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and Participant will not be able to make any subsequent sale of shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six (6) months from the Award Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. Switzerland 1. Securities Law Information . Neither the Agreement nor any other materials relating to the grant of Restricted Stock Units (a) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (b) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority , including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority , FINMA. United Kingdom (Including Northern Ireland) 1. Payment of Withholding Taxes . The following provision supplements the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes : Without limitation to the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes , Participant agrees that Participant is liable for all income tax and employee national insurance contributions or other social contributions or withholding taxes Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Corporation, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Corporation and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on Participant s behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by Participant within 90 days after the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. Participant acknowledges that Participant ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for 
 22 

reimbursing the Corporation or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Corporation and/or the Employer may recover from Participant at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes . 2. Exclusion of Claim . Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant s ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the award of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 3. Section 2 of the Addendum . Section 2 of the Addendum (Participants in the European Union) shall not apply to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 23 

</EX-10.83>

<EX-10.84>
 9
 cboe-20221231xex10d84.htm
 EX-10.84

Exhibit 10.84 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Performance Based This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is dated effective _______________________(the Award Date ), and is between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Corporation and _______________ Participant ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (formerly CBOE Holdings, Inc.) Long-Term Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 1. Award . The Corporation hereby awards to Participant ___________ Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ). The Restricted Stock Units will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested share of Stock and entitles Participant, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to receive a share of Stock if and when the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 2. No Rights as Stockholder; Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of the shares of Stock (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation declares a cash dividend on shares of Stock, on the payment date of the dividend, Participant will be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to the amount of the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of Restricted Stock Units held by Participant on the dividend s record date. The Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to Participant under the preceding sentence will be deemed to be reinvested in additional Restricted Stock Units, which will be subject to the same terms regarding vesting, forfeiture, and distribution as Restricted Stock Units awarded to Participant under this Agreement. 3. Performance Period . The Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Units shall be the three (3) year period commencing on ___________ and ending on ___________. 4. Vesting; Effect of Termination of Service; Change in Control . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant attains at least age fifty-five (55) and completes at least ten (10) years of Service Retirement Vesting and subsequently retires prior to expiration of the Performance Period, Participant shall be entitled to receive (i) the number of Restricted Stock Units that would have vested in accordance with the preceding sentence based on the level of achievement of the Performance Goal actually achieved if Participant had continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of 

days during the Performance Period on which Participant was providing Service, and the denominator of which is 1,095. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A ), upon the earlier to occur of (i) Participant s death or (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability as defined for purposes of Section 409A, in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below. 
 (c) This subsection 4(c) shall apply to this Agreement, this Award and any Replacement Award provided to Participant to replace this Award in lieu of Section 8.2(b) of the Plan. Upon a termination of Participant s Service by the Corporation or its Affiliate without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason (as defined below), in each case, upon or within two years after a Change in Control and prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below, this Award or any Replacement Award held by Participant shall become fully vested and free of restrictions at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A , as amended by the Replacement Award, if any), except that vesting shall be, to the extent determinable, at the level of achievement of the Performance Goal actually achieved as of the date of termination of Service (with similar performance assumed to be achieved through the remainder of the Performance Period) if greater than the Target level of achievement, and shall be distributed upon or within 60 days of such termination of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Award or the Replacement Award, as applicable, is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, payment shall be made pursuant to the Award s original schedule if necessary to comply with Section 409A.
 
 For purposes of this Award Good Reason shall be deemed to exist if, and only if, without the Participant s express written consent: (i) The Corporation or its Affiliate assigns to Participant authorities, duties or responsibilities (including titles) that are inconsistent in any material and adverse respect with Participant s immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities with the Corporation or its Affiliate (including any material and adverse diminution of such immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities); (ii) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially reduces Participant s base compensation; (iii) The Corporation or its Affiliate requires Participant to relocate his or her principal business office or principal place of residence outside the metropolitan area in which Participant worked or resided at the time the Restricted Stock Units were awarded (or outside the immediately preceding location of Participant s principal business office with the Corporation or its Affiliate), or assigns to Participant duties that would reasonably require such relocation; (iv) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially breaches the terms of any agreement pursuant to which services are provided to the Corporation or its Affiliate by Participant; or 
 2 

(v) The Corporation or its Affiliate terminates, reduces or limits Participant s participation in any bonus or incentive compensation arrangement relative to the level of participation of other employees of similar rank for a reason that is not reasonably related to Participant s level of job performance or local legal requirements and provided that such action results in a material reduction in the aggregate value of Participant s incentive compensation below the aggregate value as of the immediately preceding bonus or incentive compensation performance period and provided further that a mere change in the form of payment of the award (whether cash or shares of Stock) without a reduction in the aggregate grant value of the award shall not be considered a reduction of Participant s participation. Participant s voluntary termination of Service shall not be considered a termination of Service for Good Reason unless Participant terminates his or her Service within 120 days after the initial existence of the condition constituting Good Reason; provided, Participant provides written notice to the Corporation or its Affiliate of Participant s intention to resign for Good Reason, which notice specifies in reasonable detail the breach or action giving rise thereto within 90 days of its initial existence, and the Corporation or its Affiliate does not cure such breach or action within 30 days after the date of the Participant s notice. (d) If Participant s Service is terminated for any reason before all of Participant s Restricted Stock Units have vested under this Agreement (including pursuant to an event described in Section 4(b) or 4(c) above), Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited upon the effective date of such termination of Service. Neither the Corporation nor any Affiliate will have any further obligations to Participant under this Agreement if Participant s Restricted Stock Units are forfeited.
 
 5. Terms and Conditions of Distribution . (a) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a vested Restricted Stock Unit (other than a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Retirement Vesting) shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable after the Restricted Stock Unit vests, but not later than two and a half (2 months after the end of the calendar year in which the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 
 (b) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Retirement Vesting shall be made to Participant during the two and a half (2 months period after the end of the calendar year in which or with which the Performance Period expired or, if earlier, as soon as practicable following the earlier to occur of the following dates: (i) the date on which such Restricted Stock Unit would otherwise have vested in accordance with Section 4(b), or (ii) Participant s separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A (or, if Participant is a specified employee as defined for purposes of Section 409A on the date of such separation from service, the date that is the first day of the seventh (7 th month following Participant s separation from service).
 (c) If Participant dies before the date on which the Corporation would have distributed shares of Stock in satisfaction of vested Restricted Stock Units, the 

 3 

Corporation will distribute such shares of Stock to Participant s designated beneficiary(ies) or, if none are designated or surviving, to Participant s estate or personal representative. The Corporation is not required to issue or deliver any shares of Stock before completing the steps necessary to comply with applicable Federal and state securities laws (including any registration requirements) and applicable stock exchange rules and practices. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause compliance with those laws, rules and practices. The foregoing provisions are subject in all cases to the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 6. Nontransferability . Unvested Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, exchanged, pledged, assigned, garnished, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Any effort to assign or transfer the rights under this Agreement will be wholly ineffective, and will be grounds for termination by the Committee of all rights of Participant under this Agreement. 7. Administration . The Committee administers the Plan. Participant s rights under this Agreement are expressly subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and to any guidelines the Committee adopts from time to time. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of the Plan and this Agreement, and such rules and regulations as may be adopted by the Committee for purposes of administering the Plan and this Agreement, will be final and binding upon Participant. 8. Securities Law Requirements . If at any time the Board or Committee determines that issuing Stock pursuant to this Agreement would violate applicable securities laws, the Corporation will not be required to issue such Stock. The Board or Committee may declare any provision of this Agreement or action of its own null and void, if it determines the provision or action fails to comply with applicable securities laws. The Corporation may require Participant to make written representations it deems necessary or desirable to comply with applicable securities laws. 9. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Distribution to Participant of shares of Stock under this Agreement will be subject to Federal income and other tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable) by the Corporation in respect of taxes on income realized by Participant. The Corporation may withhold the minimum statutorily required amounts from future paychecks to Participant, or may require that Participant deliver to the Corporation the amounts to be withheld. Participant agrees to allow the Corporation, upon any payment of shares of Stock to Participant under this Agreement, to withhold a portion of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to Participant having a Fair Market Value of the tax withholding obligation (or, in the discretion of the Corporation, to satisfy up to the maximum tax withholding obligation), in satisfaction of any Federal income and other tax withholding (and any state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable). Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event that any Restricted Stock Units become subject to tax withholding before the shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be delivered to the Participant, the Corporation may issue a sufficient number of whole shares of Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units that does not exceed the minimum tax withholding obligation, which shares 
 4 

of Stock shall be withheld by the Corporation to satisfy its withholding obligation, in accordance with and subject to the requirements of Section 409A. 10. Restrictive Covenants . Participant understands the global nature of the Corporation s businesses and the effort the Corporation and its Affiliates (collectively referred to in this Section as Cboe undertake to develop and protect their business and their competitive advantage. Accordingly, Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions described in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Cboe. Participant further agrees that during the period of Participant s Service and for a period of two (2) years following Participant s separation from Service, Participant shall not, without the express written approval of the Chief Executive Officer: 
 (a) singly, jointly, or in any other capacity, in a manner that contributes to any research, technology, development, account, trading, marketing, promotion, or sales and that relates to Participant s Service with Cboe, directly or beneficially, manage, join, participate in the management, operation or control of, or work for (as an employee, consultant or independent contractor), or permit the use of his or her name by, or provide financial or other assistance to, or be connected in any manner with (i) any exchange, facility, clearinghouse, electronic communications network ECN ), electronic foreign currency exchange market FX matching platform, multilateral trading facility, or alternative trading system ATS (ii) the ECN, ATS or FX business lines of any full service broker dealer; or (iii) any business line of any company that is substantially similar to any additional business line developed or entered into by Cboe during Participant s Service, provided that, in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), such entity or business line that directly competes with Cboe;
 (b) provide any service or assistance that (i) is of the general type of service or assistance provided by Participant to Cboe, (ii) relates to any technology, account, product, project or piece of work with which Participant was involved during his Service, and (iii) contributes to causing an entity to come within the definition described in Section 10(a) above;
 (c) solicit or accept if offered to Participant, with or without solicitation, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of any other person, the services of any person who is a then-current employee of Cboe (or was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation), nor solicit any of Cboe s then-current employees (or an individual who was employed by or engaged by Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation) to terminate employment or an engagement with Cboe, nor agree to hire any then-current employee (or an individual who was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such hire) of Cboe into employment with Participant or any company, individual or other entity; or
 (d) directly or indirectly divert or attempt to divert from Cboe any business in which Cboe has been actively engaged during Participant s Service, nor interfere with the relationships of Cboe or with their sources of business.

5 

11. Confidentiality . Participant acknowledges that the Corporation or an Affiliate may disclose secret or confidential information to Participant during the period of Participant s Service to enable Participant to perform his or her duties. Participant agrees that, subject to the following sentence, Participant shall not during his or her Service (except in connection with the proper performance of his or her duties) and thereafter, without the prior written consent of the Corporation, disclose to any person or entity any material or significant secret or confidential information concerning the business of the Corporation or an Affiliate that was obtained by Participant in the course of Participant s Service. This paragraph shall not be applicable if and to the extent Participant is required to testify in a legislative, judicial or regulatory proceeding pursuant to an order of Congress, any state or local legislature, a judge, or an administrative law judge, or if such secret or confidential information is required to be disclosed by Participant by any law, regulation or order of any court or regulatory commission, department or agency. Participant further agrees that if Participant s Service is terminated for any reason, Participant will not take, but will leave with the Corporation or an Affiliate, all records and papers and all matter of whatever nature that bears secret or confidential information of the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term secret or confidential information shall include, but not be limited to, any and all records, notes, memoranda, data, writings, research, personnel information, customer information, clearing members information, the Corporation s and any Affiliate s financial information and plans, processes, methods, techniques, systems, formulas, patents, models, devices, compilations or any other information of whatever nature in the possession or control of the Corporation or an Affiliate, that has not been published or disclosed to the general public, the options industry, the equities industry, the foreign currency exchange industry or the commodities futures industry, provided that such term shall not include knowledge, skills, and information that is common to the trade or profession of Participant. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge or complaint with a governmental or regulatory entity, participating in a governmental or regulatory entity investigation, or giving truthful testimony or making other disclosures to a governmental or regulatory entity (in each case, without having to disclose any such conduct to the Corporation or an Affiliate), or from responding if properly subpoenaed or otherwise required to do so under applicable law. In addition, nothing in this Agreement limits Participant s right to receive an award from a governmental or regulatory entity for information provided to such an entity (and not as compensation for actual or alleged personal injury or damages to Participant). Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence either directly or indirectly to a federal, state, or local government official, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a violation of law. Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret made in a complaint, or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If Participant files a lawsuit or other action alleging retaliation 
 6 

by the Corporation or an Affiliate for reporting a suspected violation of law, Participant may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding or other action, if Participant files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. This paragraph will govern to the extent it may conflict with any other provision of this Agreement. 12. Judicial Modification . If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of Section 10 or 11 is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that (a) the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, (b) the parties shall request that the court exercise that power, and (c) this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. 13. Remedies . Participant agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, in addition to any other penalties or restrictions that may apply under any employment agreement, state law, or otherwise, Participant shall forfeit, upon written notice to such effect from the Corporation, any and all Awards granted to him or her under the Plan and this Agreement, including vested Awards. The forfeiture provisions of this Section 13 shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and Participant have lapsed. Participant consents and agrees that if Participant violates or threatens to violate any provisions of Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, the Corporation or its successors in interest shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies that they may have, including money damages, to an injunction to be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining Participant from committing or continuing any violation of Sections 10 or 11 . In the event that Participant is found to have breached any provision set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement, the time period provided for in that provision shall be deemed tolled i.e. , it will not begin to run) for as long as Participant was in violation of that provision. The provisions of Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the Participant s service has terminated and after provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and the Participant have lapsed. 14. Representations and Warranties . Participant represents and warrants to the Corporation that Participant has received a copy of the Plan and this Agreement, has read and understands the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, and agrees to be bound by their terms and conditions in all respects. 15. No Limitation on the Corporation s Rights . The granting of Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement shall not and will not in any way affect the Corporation s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, reincorporate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 7 

16. Plan and Agreement Not a Contract of Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement is a contract of employment or Service, and no terms of Participant s employment or Service will be affected in any way by the Plan, this Agreement or related instruments, except to the extent specifically expressed therein. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement will be construed as conferring any legal rights on Participant to continue to be employed or remain in Service, nor will it interfere with the Corporation s or any Affiliate s right to discharge Participant or to deal with Participant regardless of the existence of the Plan or this Agreement. 17. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, and all prior oral and written representations are merged in this Agreement and the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall not in any way affect the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement may be amended, modified, or terminated only in accordance with the Plan. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 18. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, sent by overnight courier (at the sender s expense), or (if from the Corporation or the Corporation s stock plan administrator) by electronic mail. Notice will be deemed given (a) when delivered personally, (b) if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the U.S. mail, (c) if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent, or (d) when electronically mailed. Notice to the Corporation should be sent to Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to Participant should be sent to the mailing address and/or electronic mailing address set forth on the Corporation s records. Either party may change the address to which the other party must give notice under this Section 18 by giving the other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above or otherwise established by the Corporation or its stock plan administrator. 19. Successors and Assigns . The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns. 20. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by Federal law, the Plan, this Agreement, and documents evidencing rights relating to the Plan or this Agreement will be construed, administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement will be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be fully effective. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce (or otherwise relating to), this Agreement will be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). 
 8 

21. Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions set forth in the Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if set forth fully in this Agreement. If the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 23. Waiver; Cumulative Rights . The failure or delay of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement will not affect its right to require performance of such provision unless and until such performance has been waived in writing. Each right under this Agreement is cumulative and may be exercised in part or in whole from time to time. 24. Tax Consequences . Participant agrees to determine and be responsible for all tax consequences to Participant with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 25. Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A, including the exceptions and exemptions for short term deferrals, stock rights, and separation pay arrangements. This Agreement and all Restricted Stock Units shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement, be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Corporation, and without the consent of Participant, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Section 409A. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee by the Corporation of any particular tax effect to Participant. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payment that is subject to Section 409A and payable upon Participant s termination of employment or other similar event shall not be made unless Participant has experienced a separation from service as defined under Section 409A. Any payment subject to Section 409A that is to be made upon a separation from service to Participant on any date when he or she is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A shall not be paid before the date that is six (6) months following Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, Participant s death. 26. Awards Subject to the Corporation s Recovery of Funds Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement shall be subject to the Corporation s compensation recovery policy, as may be in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the provisions of any such policy required by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations issued by the SEC or any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Stock may be traded. 
 9 

27. Addendum to Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Participant resides or is employed outside the U.S. or transfers residence or employment outside the U.S., the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions as are set forth in the addendum to this agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Corporation determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 10 

Exhibit 10.84 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. Cboe Global Markets, Inc. _________________________________ By: _____________________________ Participant s Name _________________________________ Its: _____________________________ Participant s Signature 

Exhibit A Vesting of the Restricted Stock Units is contingent on achievement of a Performance Goal tied to Total Shareholder Return of the Corporation as compared to the Total Shareholder Return of the S P 500 Index during the Performance Period. The number of Restricted Stock Units that may vest shall be determined as set forth below: TSR Percentile Attained Percentage of Restricted Stock Units That Vest ___________ th percentile Maximum or greater ___________ ___________ th percentile Target ___________ ___________ th percentile Threshold ___________ 
 For TSR Percentile performance levels that fall between the values shown above, the percentage of Restricted Stock Units that vest will be determined by straight line interpolation, provided that no Restricted Stock Units will vest if the Corporation s TSR Percentile does not equal or exceed the Threshold amount. Total Shareholder Return means, with respect to any corporation, the i ncrease in its stock price over the Performance Period plus reinvested dividends, divided by its stock price at the beginning of the Performance Period. For purposes of this definition, the beginning stock price will be the average closing price over the twenty (20) trading days up to and including ___________ , and the ending stock price will be the average closing price over the twenty (20) trading days up to and including ___________ . TSR Percentile means the Corporation s Total Shareholder Return during the Performance Period relative to the Total Shareholder Returns for the S P 500 Index during the Performance Period. 
 12 

ADDENDUM CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT - PERFORMACE BASED This Addendum to the Agreement includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed outside of the United States or transfers residence or employment outside the United States. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Agreement or the Plan. 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Unit awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; (e) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock that may be received in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, (i) are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Corporation or the Affiliate that employs Participant (the Employer ), and which is outside the scope of Participant s employment contract, if any, (ii) are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation, and (iii) are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; (f) the Restricted Stock Unit award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation or any Affiliate, nor does it amend any legal relationship or legal entitlement between Participant and the Employer; (g) this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of Participant s further employment for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere with Participant s right or the right of the Corporation or the Employer to terminate Participant s employment relationship at any time with or without cause; 
 13 

(h) unless otherwise agreed with the Corporation, the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of an Affiliate; (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) neither the Corporation, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of any shares of Stock Participant may acquire upon such settlement; (k) in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Restricted Stock Units or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units or shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from Participant s termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; and (l) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Corporation in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company or to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Corporation. 
 2. Participants in the European Union . If Participant resides and/or is employed in a European Union EU member state, the following provision shall replace Section 4(a) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. 3. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Participant acknowledges and agrees that if Participant is subject to tax and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, the Corporation or its Affiliate(s) may be required to withhold or account for taxes and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, in accordance with the methods of withholding described in Section 9 of the Agreement. 4. Data Privacy . 
 14 

(a) Data Collection and Usage . The Corporation and the Employer will collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, specifically, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. (b) Recipients of Data . a. Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Corporation and the Employer transfer Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC (and/or its affiliates, collectively Fidelity ), the designated broker assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Corporation may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. b. Other Service Provider Data Recipients . The Corporation also may transfer Data to other third party service providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. Such third party service providers may include the Corporation s legal counsel as well as its auditor, human resources consultant and payroll vendor. Wherever possible, the Corporation will anonymize data, but Participant understands that his or her Data may need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. c. Securities or Other Regulatory Authorities . In addition to the recipients identified herein and where required under applicable law, Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities, including where the Corporation s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The legal basis, where required, for such disclosure is compliance with applicable law. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Corporation, Fidelity and other service providers described above are located in the United States. The United States may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country of residence (or country of employment, if different). (d) Legal Basis for Collection, Processing and Transfer of Data . a. Participants within the EU / European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. The collection, processing and transfer of Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Corporation and Employer s administration of the Plan and Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 15 

ii. When transferring Data to potential recipients outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Corporation and the Employer strive to provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. For further information on the transfer of the Participant s personal data outside of the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 b. Participants outside the EU / EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, processing and use, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Data by the Corporation and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a non-U.S. data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. Upon transfer of Participant s Data to Fidelity, Participant may be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with Fidelity, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. ii. Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant understands that Participant is providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Participant s employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 (e) Data Retention . Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan or comply with applicable laws. When the Corporation no longer needs the Data, the Corporation will remove it from its systems. (f) Data Subject Rights . Participant understands that Participant may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy Data that the Corporation possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data, (iii) delete Data, (iv) restrict processing of Data, (v) opt out of the Plan, or (vi) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in Participant s jurisdiction. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant understands that Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 16 

5. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 6. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 7. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to comply with the Corporation s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to Participant). Participant further acknowledges that, depending on Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Corporation as defined by the laws or regulations in Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Corporation insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should therefore consult Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 8. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Controls . Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 17 

9. Language . If Participant is resident in a country where English is not an official language, Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that it is Participant s express intent that the Agreement, the Addendum and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If Participant has received the Agreement, the Addendum or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 10. Annex to Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or Addendum to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in the annex to this Addendum (the Annex ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. In all circumstances, the Annex shall constitute part of this Addendum. 
 18 

ANNEX This Annex to the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed in the country addressed herein or transfers residence or employment to the country addressed herein. If Participant transfers residence and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (including the Addendum) or the Plan. Australia 1. Tax Notification . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to conditions in the Act). 2. Offer Document . The Corporation is pleased to provide this offer to participate in the Plan . This offer document sets out information regarding the award for Australian-resident Participants Australian Participants ). It is for informational purposes and is intended to comply with the provisions of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Instrument 22-0283. 
 Additional Documents In addition to the information set out in the Agreement (including the Addendum and this Annex), Participant is also being provided with copies of the following documents: 1. the Plan; and 2. the Plan Prospectus describing the terms of the Plan (the Plan Prospectus and 3. any supplemental documents to the Plan and Plan Prospectus, as necessary. These additional documents provide further information to help Participant make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan Prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. Participant should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. Participant should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement and the additional documents when considering participation in the Plan. General Information Only Any information given by the Corporation or any subsidiary or affiliate in relation to the Restricted Stock Units is general and does not take into account an Australian Participant s objectives, financial situation and needs. Australian Participants should consider obtaining their own financial product advice from an independent person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 19 

Acquisition Price No acquisition price is payable by Participant for the Corporation to grant Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Agreement or for Participant to acquire shares of Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. Shares of Stock A share of common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to an ordinary share of an Australian Corporation. Each holder of a share of common stock is entitled to one vote for every share held. The shares of Stock are traded on Cboe BZX in the United States of America under the symbol CBOE . Shares of Stock are not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Corporation and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions . Risks of Acquiring Shares of Stock This paragraph provides Australian Participants with general information about the risks of acquiring and holding shares of Stock. Before accepting the grant of Restricted Stock Units, Australian Participants should satisfy themselves that they have a sufficient understanding of these matters and should consider whether shares of Stock are a suitable investment for them, having regard to their own investment objectives, financial circumstances and taxation position. (a) Price of shares of Stock may fluctuate: The price at which a share of Stock is quoted on the Cboe BZX may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. Some of the factors that may affect the price of the shares of Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Corporation operates and general operational and business risks. More information about potential factors that could affect the Corporation s business and financial results is included in the Corporation s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Copies of these forms are available at http://www.sec.gov/ and upon request to the Corporation. In addition, Participant should be aware that the value of the shares of Stock Participant may acquire will be affected by the U.S./Australian dollar exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. (b) Trading in shares of Stock may not be liquid: There can be no guarantee that an active market in shares of Stock will continue or that the price of shares of Stock will increase. The number of potential buyers or sellers of shares of Stock on the Cboe BZX 
 20 

may vary at any time. This may increase the volatility of the market price of shares of Stock. It may also affect the prevailing market price at which shareholders are able to sell their shares of Stock. This may result in shareholders receiving a market price for their shares of Stock that is less than the price that shareholders paid. (c) Risk of dilution: In the future, the Corporation may elect to issue stock (or securities convertible into stock) including in connection with fundraisings for acquisitions that the Corporation may decide to make. Shareholders may be diluted as a result of such issues of stock or securities or such issues may reduce the market price of shares of Stock. (d) Dividends on shares of Stock : The Corporation may pay dividends on shares of Stock. Payment of future dividends, and the timing and amount of any dividends the Corporation determines to pay, are at the discretion of the Board. Market Price of shares of Stock in Australian Dollars An Australian Participant can, from time to time, ascertain the market price of the shares of Stock by obtaining that price from the Corporation website http://ir.cboe.com or The Wall Street Journal. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at the website of the Reserve Bank of Australia http://www.rba.gov.au/statistics/frequency/exchange-rates.html ). This will not be a prediction of what the market price per share will be when the Restricted Stock Units vest and the shares of Stock are issued or of the applicable exchange rate on the actual vesting date or the date the shares of Stock are issued. Canada 1. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units : Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or any related document, if Participant is resident or employed in Canada, the Corporation shall have absolute discretion to settle the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock or in the form of a cash payment or in any combination of the foregoing. 2. Securities Law Notification : Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she is permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Stock takes place outside of Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed. The shares of Stock currently are listed on Cboe BZX in the United States. 3. Termination of Employment : Except as may be determined by the Committee and except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of the Agreement, for purposes of Section 4(d) of the Agreement, Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant ceases to be an employee of the Corporation (or, if different, the Affiliate to which Participant provides Service) for any reason, whether lawful or otherwise (including, without limitation, by reason of resignation, death, frustration of contract, termination for cause, termination without cause, or constructive dismissal), without regard to any pay in lieu of notice (whether 
 21 

by way of lump sum or salary continuance), benefits continuance, or other termination related payments or benefits, whether pursuant to the common law or otherwise, to which Participant may then be entitled (the Termination Date ). In the event that the Termination Date cannot reasonably be determined under the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Committee and its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Termination Date occurs for purposes of the Plan (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing Service while on any leave of absence). Unless otherwise extended by the Corporation, or as may be required to satisfy the minimum requirements of applicable employment or labour standards legislation, any portion of the award that is not vested on the Termination Date shall terminate immediately and be null and void, and Participant will have no entitlement to further vesting in the Restricted Stock Units or compensation in lieu thereof following the Termination Date, and Participant waives any claim to damages in respect thereof whether related or attributable to any contractual or common law termination entitlements or otherwise. For additional clarity, if applicable employment or labour standards legislation specifically requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be allowed to continue for that minimum notice period but then immediately terminate effective as of the last day of Participant s minimum statutory notice period . Hong Kong 1. Settlement in Shares of Stock . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 2. Disposal of Shares of Stock . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to Participant within six (6) months after the Award Date, Participant agrees that Participant will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Award Date. 3. IMPORTANT NOTICE/WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock issued in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Corporation or an Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 22 

4. Wages . The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units do not form part of Participant s wages for purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. Japan 1. Vesting . If Participant resides and/or is employed in Japan, the following provision shall replace Section 4(a) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. Netherlands 1. Exclusion of Claim : Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant ceasing to have rights under the Plan, whether or not as a result of termination of Participant s Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss of diminution in value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 Philippines 1. Settlement in Cash . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in cash (and shall not be settled in shares of Stock), unless otherwise determined by the Corporation. 2. Vesting . If Participant resides and/or is employed in the Philippines, the following provision shall replace Section 4(a) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. Singapore 1. Securities Law Information . The grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
 23 

and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Participant should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and Participant will not be able to make any subsequent sale of shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six (6) months from the Award Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. Switzerland 1. Securities Law Information . Neither the Agreement nor any other materials relating to the grant of Restricted Stock Units (a) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (b) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority , including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority , FINMA. United Kingdom (Including Northern Ireland) 1. Payment of Withholding Taxes . The following provision supplements the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes : Without limitation to the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes , Participant agrees that Participant is liable for all income tax and employee national insurance contributions or other social contributions or withholding taxes Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Corporation, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Corporation and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on Participant s behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by Participant within 90 days after the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. Participant acknowledges that Participant ultimately will be 
 24 

responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Corporation or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Corporation and/or the Employer may recover from Participant at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes . 2. Exclusion of Claim . Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant s ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the award of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 3. Section 2 of the Addendum . Section 2 of the Addendum (Participants in the European Union) shall not apply to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 25 

</EX-10.84>

<EX-10.85>
 10
 cboe-20221231xex10d85.htm
 EX-10.85

Exhibit 10.85 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Performance Based This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is dated effective _______________________, (the Award Date ), and is between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Corporation and ____________________ Participant ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (formerly CBOE Holdings, Inc.) Long-Term Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 1. Award . The Corporation hereby awards to Participant ___________ Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ). The Restricted Stock Units will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested share of Stock and entitles Participant, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to receive a share of Stock if and when the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 2. No Rights as Stockholder; Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of the shares of Stock (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation declares a cash dividend on shares of Stock, on the payment date of the dividend, Participant will be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to the amount of the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of Restricted Stock Units held by Participant on the dividend s record date. The Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to Participant under the preceding sentence will be deemed to be reinvested in additional Restricted Stock Units, which will be subject to the same terms regarding vesting, forfeiture, and distribution as Restricted Stock Units awarded to Participant under this Agreement. 3. Performance Period . The Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Units shall be the three (3) year period commencing on ___________ and ending on ___________. 4. Vesting; Effect of Termination of Service; Change in Control . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant attains at least age fifty-five (55) and completes at least ten (10) years of Service Retirement Vesting and subsequently retires prior to expiration of the Performance Period, Participant shall be entitled to receive (i) the number of Restricted Stock Units that would have vested in accordance with the preceding sentence based on the level of achievement of the Performance Goal actually achieved if Participant had continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of 

days during the Performance Period on which Participant was providing Service, and the denominator of which is 1,095. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A ), upon the earlier to occur of (i) Participant s death or (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability as defined for purposes of Section 409A, in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below. 
 (c) This subsection 4(c) shall apply to this Agreement, this Award and any Replacement Award provided to Participant to replace this Award in lieu of Section 8.2(b) of the Plan. Upon a termination of Participant s Service by the Corporation or its Affiliate without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason (as defined below), in each case, upon or within two years after a Change in Control and prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below, this Award or any Replacement Award held by Participant shall become fully vested and free of restrictions at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A , as amended by the Replacement Award, if any), except that vesting shall be, to the extent determinable, at the level of achievement of the Performance Goal actually achieved as of the date of termination of Service (with similar performance assumed to be achieved through the remainder of the Performance Period) if greater than the Target level of achievement, and shall be distributed upon or within 60 days of such termination of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Award or the Replacement Award, as applicable, is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, payment shall be made pursuant to the Award s original schedule if necessary to comply with Section 409A.
 
 For purposes of this Award Good Reason shall be deemed to exist if, and only if, without the Participant s express written consent: (i) The Corporation or its Affiliate assigns to Participant authorities, duties or responsibilities (including titles) that are inconsistent in any material and adverse respect with Participant s immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities with the Corporation or its Affiliate (including any material and adverse diminution of such immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities); (ii) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially reduces Participant s base compensation; (iii) The Corporation or its Affiliate requires Participant to relocate his or her principal business office or principal place of residence outside the metropolitan area in which Participant worked or resided at the time the Restricted Stock Units were awarded (or outside the immediately preceding location of Participant s principal business office with the Corporation or its Affiliate), or assigns to Participant duties that would reasonably require such relocation; (iv) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially breaches the terms of any agreement pursuant to which services are provided to the Corporation or its Affiliate by Participant; or 
 2 

(v) The Corporation or its Affiliate terminates, reduces or limits Participant s participation in any bonus or incentive compensation arrangement relative to the level of participation of other employees of similar rank for a reason that is not reasonably related to Participant s level of job performance or local legal requirements and provided that such action results in a material reduction in the aggregate value of Participant s incentive compensation below the aggregate value as of the immediately preceding bonus or incentive compensation performance period and provided further that a mere change in the form of payment of the award (whether cash or shares of Stock) without a reduction in the aggregate grant value of the award shall not be considered a reduction of Participant s participation. Participant s voluntary termination of Service shall not be considered a termination of Service for Good Reason unless Participant terminates his or her Service within 120 days after the initial existence of the condition constituting Good Reason; provided, Participant provides written notice to the Corporation or its Affiliate of Participant s intention to resign for Good Reason, which notice specifies in reasonable detail the breach or action giving rise thereto within 90 days of its initial existence, and the Corporation or its Affiliate does not cure such breach or action within 30 days after the date of the Participant s notice. (d) If Participant s Service is terminated for any reason before all of Participant s Restricted Stock Units have vested under this Agreement (including pursuant to an event described in Section 4(b) or 4(c) above), Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited upon the effective date of such termination of Service. Neither the Corporation nor any Affiliate will have any further obligations to Participant under this Agreement if Participant s Restricted Stock Units are forfeited.
 
 5. Terms and Conditions of Distribution . (a) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a vested Restricted Stock Unit (other than a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Retirement Vesting) shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable after the Restricted Stock Unit vests, but not later than two and a half (2 months after the end of the calendar year in which the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 
 (b) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a Restricted Stock Unit that vested due to Retirement Vesting shall be made to Participant during the two and a half (2 months period after the end of the calendar year in which or with which the Performance Period expired or, if earlier, as soon as practicable following the earlier to occur of the following dates: (i) the date on which such Restricted Stock Unit would otherwise have vested in accordance with Section 4(b), or (ii) Participant s separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A (or, if Participant is a specified employee as defined for purposes of Section 409A on the date of such separation from service, the date that is the first day of the seventh (7 th month following Participant s separation from service).
 (c) If Participant dies before the date on which the Corporation would have distributed shares of Stock in satisfaction of vested Restricted Stock Units, the 

 3 

Corporation will distribute such shares of Stock to Participant s designated beneficiary(ies) or, if none are designated or surviving, to Participant s estate or personal representative. The Corporation is not required to issue or deliver any shares of Stock before completing the steps necessary to comply with applicable Federal and state securities laws (including any registration requirements) and applicable stock exchange rules and practices. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause compliance with those laws, rules and practices. The foregoing provisions are subject in all cases to the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 6. Nontransferability . Unvested Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, exchanged, pledged, assigned, garnished, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Any effort to assign or transfer the rights under this Agreement will be wholly ineffective, and will be grounds for termination by the Committee of all rights of Participant under this Agreement. 7. Administration . The Committee administers the Plan. Participant s rights under this Agreement are expressly subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and to any guidelines the Committee adopts from time to time. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of the Plan and this Agreement, and such rules and regulations as may be adopted by the Committee for purposes of administering the Plan and this Agreement, will be final and binding upon Participant. 8. Securities Law Requirements . If at any time the Board or Committee determines that issuing Stock pursuant to this Agreement would violate applicable securities laws, the Corporation will not be required to issue such Stock. The Board or Committee may declare any provision of this Agreement or action of its own null and void, if it determines the provision or action fails to comply with applicable securities laws. The Corporation may require Participant to make written representations it deems necessary or desirable to comply with applicable securities laws. 9. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Distribution to Participant of shares of Stock under this Agreement will be subject to Federal income and other tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable) by the Corporation in respect of taxes on income realized by Participant. The Corporation may withhold the minimum statutorily required amounts from future paychecks to Participant, or may require that Participant deliver to the Corporation the amounts to be withheld. Participant agrees to allow the Corporation, upon any payment of shares of Stock to Participant under this Agreement, to withhold a portion of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to Participant having a Fair Market Value of the minimum tax withholding obligation (or, in the discretion of the Corporation, to satisfy up to the maximum tax withholding obligation), in satisfaction of any Federal income and other tax withholding (and any state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable). Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event that any Restricted Stock Units become subject to tax withholding before the shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be delivered to the Participant, the Corporation may issue a sufficient number of whole shares of Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units that does not exceed the minimum tax withholding obligation, 
 4 

which shares of Stock shall be withheld by the Corporation to satisfy its withholding obligation, in accordance with and subject to the requirements of Section 409A. 10. Restrictive Covenants . Participant understands the global nature of the Corporation s businesses and the effort the Corporation and its Affiliates (collectively referred to in this Section as Cboe undertake to develop and protect their business and their competitive advantage. Accordingly, Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions described in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Cboe. Participant further agrees that during the period of Participant s Service and for a period of two (2) years following Participant s separation from Service, Participant shall not, without the express written approval of the Chief Executive Officer: 
 (a) singly, jointly, or in any other capacity, in a manner that contributes to any research, technology, development, account, trading, marketing, promotion, or sales and that relates to Participant s Service with Cboe, directly or beneficially, manage, join, participate in the management, operation or control of, or work for (as an employee, consultant or independent contractor), or permit the use of his or her name by, or provide financial or other assistance to, or be connected in any manner with (i) any exchange, facility, clearinghouse, electronic communications network ECN ), electronic foreign currency exchange market FX matching platform, multilateral trading facility, or alternative trading system ATS (ii) the ECN, ATS or FX business lines of any full service broker dealer; or (iii) any business line of any company that is substantially similar to any additional business line developed or entered into by Cboe during Participant s Service, provided that, in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), such entity or business line that directly competes with Cboe;
 (b) provide any service or assistance that (i) is of the general type of service or assistance provided by Participant to Cboe, (ii) relates to any technology, account, product, project or piece of work with which Participant was involved during his Service, and (iii) contributes to causing an entity to come within the definition described in Section 10(a) above;
 (c) solicit or accept if offered to Participant, with or without solicitation, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of any other person, the services of any person who is a then-current employee of Cboe (or was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation), nor solicit any of Cboe s then-current employees (or an individual who was employed by or engaged by Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation) to terminate employment or an engagement with Cboe, nor agree to hire any then-current employee (or an individual who was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such hire) of Cboe into employment with Participant or any company, individual or other entity; or
 (d) directly or indirectly divert or attempt to divert from Cboe any business in which Cboe has been actively engaged during Participant s Service, nor interfere with the relationships of Cboe or with their sources of business.

5 

11. Confidentiality . Participant acknowledges that the Corporation or an Affiliate may disclose secret or confidential information to Participant during the period of Participant s Service to enable Participant to perform his or her duties. Participant agrees that, subject to the following sentence, Participant shall not during his or her Service (except in connection with the proper performance of his or her duties) and thereafter, without the prior written consent of the Corporation, disclose to any person or entity any material or significant secret or confidential information concerning the business of the Corporation or an Affiliate that was obtained by Participant in the course of Participant s Service. This paragraph shall not be applicable if and to the extent Participant is required to testify in a legislative, judicial or regulatory proceeding pursuant to an order of Congress, any state or local legislature, a judge, or an administrative law judge, or if such secret or confidential information is required to be disclosed by Participant by any law, regulation or order of any court or regulatory commission, department or agency. Participant further agrees that if Participant s Service is terminated for any reason, Participant will not take, but will leave with the Corporation or an Affiliate, all records and papers and all matter of whatever nature that bears secret or confidential information of the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term secret or confidential information shall include, but not be limited to, any and all records, notes, memoranda, data, writings, research, personnel information, customer information, clearing members information, the Corporation s and any Affiliate s financial information and plans, processes, methods, techniques, systems, formulas, patents, models, devices, compilations or any other information of whatever nature in the possession or control of the Corporation or an Affiliate, that has not been published or disclosed to the general public, the options industry, the equities industry, the foreign currency exchange industry or the commodities futures industry, provided that such term shall not include knowledge, skills, and information that is common to the trade or profession of Participant. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge or complaint with a governmental or regulatory entity, participating in a governmental or regulatory entity investigation, or giving truthful testimony or making other disclosures to a governmental or regulatory entity (in each case, without having to disclose any such conduct to the Corporation or an Affiliate), or from responding if properly subpoenaed or otherwise required to do so under applicable law. In addition, nothing in this Agreement limits Participant s right to receive an award from a governmental or regulatory entity for information provided to such an entity (and not as compensation for actual or alleged personal injury or damages to Participant). Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence either directly or indirectly to a federal, state, or local government official, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a violation of law. Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret made in a complaint, or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If Participant files a lawsuit or other action alleging retaliation 
 6 

by the Corporation or an Affiliate for reporting a suspected violation of law, Participant may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding or other action, if Participant files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. This paragraph will govern to the extent it may conflict with any other provision of this Agreement. 12. Judicial Modification . If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of Section 10 or 11 is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that (a) the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, (b) the parties shall request that the court exercise that power, and (c) this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. 13. Remedies . Participant agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, in addition to any other penalties or restrictions that may apply under any employment agreement, state law, or otherwise, Participant shall forfeit, upon written notice to such effect from the Corporation, any and all Awards granted to him or her under the Plan and this Agreement, including vested Awards. The forfeiture provisions of this Section 13 shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and Participant have lapsed. Participant consents and agrees that if Participant violates or threatens to violate any provisions of Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, the Corporation or its successors in interest shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies that they may have, including money damages, to an injunction to be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining Participant from committing or continuing any violation of Sections 10 or 11 . In the event that Participant is found to have breached any provision set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement, the time period provided for in that provision shall be deemed tolled i.e. , it will not begin to run) for as long as Participant was in violation of that provision. The provisions of Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the Participant s service has terminated and after provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and the Participant have lapsed. 14. Representations and Warranties . Participant represents and warrants to the Corporation that Participant has received a copy of the Plan and this Agreement, has read and understands the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, and agrees to be bound by their terms and conditions in all respects. 15. No Limitation on the Corporation s Rights . The granting of Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement shall not and will not in any way affect the Corporation s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, reincorporate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 7 

16. Plan and Agreement Not a Contract of Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement is a contract of employment or Service, and no terms of Participant s employment or Service will be affected in any way by the Plan, this Agreement or related instruments, except to the extent specifically expressed therein. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement will be construed as conferring any legal rights on Participant to continue to be employed or remain in Service, nor will it interfere with the Corporation s or any Affiliate s right to discharge Participant or to deal with Participant regardless of the existence of the Plan or this Agreement. 17. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, and all prior oral and written representations are merged in this Agreement and the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall not in any way affect the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement may be amended, modified, or terminated only in accordance with the Plan. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 18. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, sent by overnight courier (at the sender s expense), or (if from the Corporation or the Corporation s stock plan administrator) by electronic mail. Notice will be deemed given (a) when delivered personally, (b) if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the U.S. mail, (c) if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent, or (d) when electronically mailed. Notice to the Corporation should be sent to Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to Participant should be sent to the mailing address and/or electronic mailing address set forth on the Corporation s records. Either party may change the address to which the other party must give notice under this Section 18 by giving the other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above or otherwise established by the Corporation or its stock plan administrator. 19. Successors and Assigns . The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns. 20. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by Federal law, the Plan, this Agreement, and documents evidencing rights relating to the Plan or this Agreement will be construed, administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement will be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be fully effective. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce (or otherwise relating to), this Agreement will be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). 
 8 

21. Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions set forth in the Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if set forth fully in this Agreement. If the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 23. Waiver; Cumulative Rights . The failure or delay of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement will not affect its right to require performance of such provision unless and until such performance has been waived in writing. Each right under this Agreement is cumulative and may be exercised in part or in whole from time to time. 24. Tax Consequences . Participant agrees to determine and be responsible for all tax consequences to Participant with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 25. Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A, including the exceptions and exemptions for short term deferrals, stock rights, and separation pay arrangements. This Agreement and all Restricted Stock Units shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement, be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Corporation, and without the consent of Participant, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Section 409A. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee by the Corporation of any particular tax effect to Participant. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payment that is subject to Section 409A and payable upon Participant s termination of employment or other similar event shall not be made unless Participant has experienced a separation from service as defined under Section 409A. Any payment subject to Section 409A that is to be made upon a separation from service to Participant on any date when he or she is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A shall not be paid before the date that is six (6) months following Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, Participant s death. 26. Awards Subject to the Corporation s Recovery of Funds Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement shall be subject to the Corporation s compensation recovery policy, as may be in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the provisions of any such policy required by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations issued by the SEC or any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Stock may be traded. 
 9 

27. Addendum to Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Participant resides or is employed outside the U.S. or transfers residence or employment outside the U.S., the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions as are set forth in the addendum to this agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Corporation determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 

 10 

Exhibit 10.85 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. Cboe Global Markets, Inc. _________________________________ By: _____________________________ Participant s Name _________________________________ Its: _____________________________ Participant s Signature 

Exhibit A Vesting of the Restricted Stock Units is contingent upon achievement of a Performance Goal tied to Earnings Per Share for the Performance Period. The number of Restricted Stock Units that may vest shall be determined as set forth below: Earnings Per Share Attained Percentage of Restricted Stock Units That Vest ___________ Maximum or greater ___________ ___________ Target ___________ ___________ Threshold ___________ 
 For Earnings Per Share levels that fall between the values shown above, the percentage of Restricted Stock Units that vest will be determined by straight line interpolation, provided that no Restricted Stock Units will vest if the Corporation s Earnings Per Share does not equal or exceed the Threshold amount. Earnings Per Share means earnings per share calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, except that certain adjustments shall be made to eliminate the impact of infrequent, unusual, and/or non-recurring items, such as restructuring charges, significant share repurchase activity, significant income tax credits or charges, acquisitions and divestitures of businesse s, asset impairments, and significant litigation settlements. 
 12 

ADDENDUM CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT - PERFORMACE BASED This Addendum to the Agreement includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed outside of the United States or transfers residence or employment outside the United States. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Agreement or the Plan. 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Unit awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; (e) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock that may be received in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, (i) are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Corporation or the Affiliate that employs Participant (the Employer ), and which is outside the scope of Participant s employment contract, if any, (ii) are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation, and (iii) are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; (f) the Restricted Stock Unit award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation or any Affiliate, nor does it amend any legal relationship or legal entitlement between Participant and the Employer; (g) this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of Participant s further employment for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere with Participant s right or the right of the Corporation or the Employer to terminate Participant s employment relationship at any time with or without cause; 
 13 

(h) unless otherwise agreed with the Corporation, the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of an Affiliate; (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) neither the Corporation, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of any shares of Stock Participant may acquire upon such settlement; (k) in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Restricted Stock Units or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units or shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from Participant s termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; and (l) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Corporation in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company or to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Corporation. 
 2. Participants in the European Union . If Participant resides and/or is employed in a European Union EU member state, the following provision shall replace Section 4(a) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. 3. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Participant acknowledges and agrees that if Participant is subject to tax and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, the Corporation or its Affiliate(s) may be required to withhold or account for taxes and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, in accordance with the methods of withholding described in Section 9 of the Agreement. 4. Data Privacy . 
 14 

(a) Data Collection and Usage . The Corporation and the Employer will collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, specifically, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. (b) Recipients of Data . a. Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Corporation and the Employer transfer Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC (and/or its affiliates, collectively Fidelity ), the designated broker assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Corporation may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. b. Other Service Provider Data Recipients . The Corporation also may transfer Data to other third party service providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. Such third party service providers may include the Corporation s legal counsel as well as its auditor, human resources consultant and payroll vendor. Wherever possible, the Corporation will anonymize data, but Participant understands that his or her Data may need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. c. Securities or Other Regulatory Authorities . In addition to the recipients identified herein and where required under applicable law, Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities, including where the Corporation s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The legal basis, where required, for such disclosure is compliance with applicable law. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Corporation, Fidelity and other service providers described above are located in the United States. The United States may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country of residence (or country of employment, if different). (d) Legal Basis for Collection, Processing and Transfer of Data . a. Participants within the EU / European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. The collection, processing and transfer of Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Corporation and Employer s administration of the Plan and Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 15 

ii. When transferring Data to potential recipients outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Corporation and the Employer strive to provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. For further information on the transfer of the Participant s personal data outside of the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 b. Participants outside the EU / EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, processing and use, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Data by the Corporation and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a non-U.S. data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. Upon transfer of Participant s Data to Fidelity, Participant may be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with Fidelity, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. ii. Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant understands that Participant is providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Participant s employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 (e) Data Retention . Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan or comply with applicable laws. When the Corporation no longer needs the Data, the Corporation will remove it from its systems. (f) Data Subject Rights . Participant understands that Participant may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy Data that the Corporation possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data, (iii) delete Data, (iv) restrict processing of Data, (v) opt out of the Plan, or (vi) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in Participant s jurisdiction. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant understands that Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 16 

5. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 6. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 7. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to comply with the Corporation s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to Participant). Participant further acknowledges that, depending on Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Corporation as defined by the laws or regulations in Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Corporation insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should therefore consult Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 8. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Controls . Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 17 

9. Language . If Participant is resident in a country where English is not an official language, Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that it is Participant s express intent that the Agreement, the Addendum and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If Participant has received the Agreement, the Addendum or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 10. Annex to Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or Addendum to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in the annex to this Addendum (the Annex ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. In all circumstances, the Annex shall constitute part of this Addendum. 
 18 

ANNEX This Annex to the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed in the country addressed herein or transfers residence or employment to the country addressed herein. If Participant transfers residence and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (including the Addendum) or the Plan. Australia 1. Tax Notification . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to conditions in the Act). 2. Offer Document . The Corporation is pleased to provide this offer to participate in the Plan . This offer document sets out information regarding the award for Australian-resident Participants Australian Participants ). It is for informational purposes and is intended to comply with the provisions of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Instrument 22-0283. 
 Additional Documents In addition to the information set out in the Agreement (including the Addendum and this Annex), Participant is also being provided with copies of the following documents: 1. the Plan; and 2. the Plan Prospectus describing the terms of the Plan (the Plan Prospectus and 3. any supplemental documents to the Plan and Plan Prospectus, as necessary. These additional documents provide further information to help Participant make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan Prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. Participant should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. Participant should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement and the additional documents when considering participation in the Plan. General Information Only Any information given by the Corporation or any subsidiary or affiliate in relation to the Restricted Stock Units is general and does not take into account an Australian Participant s objectives, financial situation and needs. Australian Participants should consider obtaining their own financial product advice from an independent person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 19 

Acquisition Price No acquisition price is payable by Participant for the Corporation to grant Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Agreement or for Participant to acquire shares of Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. Shares of Stock A share of common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to an ordinary share of an Australian Corporation. Each holder of a share of common stock is entitled to one vote for every share held. The shares of Stock are traded on Cboe BZX in the United States of America under the symbol CBOE . Shares of Stock are not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Corporation and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions . Risks of Acquiring Shares of Stock This paragraph provides Australian Participants with general information about the risks of acquiring and holding shares of Stock. Before accepting the grant of Restricted Stock Units, Australian Participants should satisfy themselves that they have a sufficient understanding of these matters and should consider whether shares of Stock are a suitable investment for them, having regard to their own investment objectives, financial circumstances and taxation position. (a) Price of shares of Stock may fluctuate: The price at which a share of Stock is quoted on the Cboe BZX may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. Some of the factors that may affect the price of the shares of Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Corporation operates and general operational and business risks. More information about potential factors that could affect the Corporation s business and financial results is included in the Corporation s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Copies of these forms are available at http://www.sec.gov/ and upon request to the Corporation. In addition, Participant should be aware that the value of the shares of Stock Participant may acquire will be affected by the U.S./Australian dollar exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. (b) Trading in shares of Stock may not be liquid: There can be no guarantee that an active market in shares of Stock will continue or that the price of shares of Stock will increase. The number of potential buyers or sellers of shares of Stock on the Cboe BZX 
 20 

may vary at any time. This may increase the volatility of the market price of shares of Stock. It may also affect the prevailing market price at which shareholders are able to sell their shares of Stock. This may result in shareholders receiving a market price for their shares of Stock that is less than the price that shareholders paid. (c) Risk of dilution: In the future, the Corporation may elect to issue stock (or securities convertible into stock) including in connection with fundraisings for acquisitions that the Corporation may decide to make. Shareholders may be diluted as a result of such issues of stock or securities or such issues may reduce the market price of shares of Stock. (d) Dividends on shares of Stock : The Corporation may pay dividends on shares of Stock. Payment of future dividends, and the timing and amount of any dividends the Corporation determines to pay, are at the discretion of the Board. Market Price of shares of Stock in Australian Dollars An Australian Participant can, from time to time, ascertain the market price of the shares of Stock by obtaining that price from the Corporation website http://ir.cboe.com or The Wall Street Journal. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at the website of the Reserve Bank of Australia http://www.rba.gov.au/statistics/frequency/exchange-rates.html ). This will not be a prediction of what the market price per share will be when the Restricted Stock Units vest and the shares of Stock are issued or of the applicable exchange rate on the actual vesting date or the date the shares of Stock are issued. Canada 1. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units : Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or any related document, if Participant is resident or employed in Canada, the Corporation shall have absolute discretion to settle the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock or in the form of a cash payment or in any combination of the foregoing. 2. Securities Law Notification : Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she is permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Stock takes place outside of Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed. The shares of Stock currently are listed on Cboe BZX in the United States. 3. Termination of Employment : Except as may be determined by the Committee and except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of the Agreement, for purposes of Section 4(d) of the Agreement, Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant ceases to be an employee of the Corporation (or, if different, the Affiliate to which Participant provides Service) for any reason, whether lawful or otherwise (including, without limitation, by reason of resignation, death, frustration of contract, termination for cause, termination without cause, or constructive dismissal), without regard to any pay in lieu of notice (whether 
 21 

by way of lump sum or salary continuance), benefits continuance, or other termination related payments or benefits, whether pursuant to the common law or otherwise, to which Participant may then be entitled (the Termination Date ). In the event that the Termination Date cannot reasonably be determined under the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Committee and its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Termination Date occurs for purposes of the Plan (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing Service while on any leave of absence). Unless otherwise extended by the Corporation, or as may be required to satisfy the minimum requirements of applicable employment or labour standards legislation, any portion of the award that is not vested on the Termination Date shall terminate immediately and be null and void, and Participant will have no entitlement to further vesting in the Restricted Stock Units or compensation in lieu thereof following the Termination Date, and Participant waives any claim to damages in respect thereof whether related or attributable to any contractual or common law termination entitlements or otherwise. For additional clarity, if applicable employment or labour standards legislation specifically requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be allowed to continue for that minimum notice period but then immediately terminate effective as of the last day of Participant s minimum statutory notice period . Hong Kong 1. Settlement in Shares of Stock . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 2. Disposal of Shares of Stock . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to Participant within six (6) months after the Award Date, Participant agrees that Participant will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Award Date. 3. IMPORTANT NOTICE/WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock issued in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Corporation or an Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 22 

4. Wages . The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units do not form part of Participant s wages for purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. Japan 1. Vesting . If Participant resides and/or is employed in Japan, the following provision shall replace Section 4(a) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. Netherlands 1. Exclusion of Claim : Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant ceasing to have rights under the Plan, whether or not as a result of termination of Participant s Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss of diminution in value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 Philippines 1. Settlement in Cash . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in cash (and shall not be settled in shares of Stock), unless otherwise determined by the Corporation. 2. Vesting . If Participant resides and/or is employed in the Philippines, the following provision shall replace Section 4(a) of the Agreement in its entirety and any other provisions regarding Retirement Vesting shall be disregarded and of no effect: 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. Singapore 1. Securities Law Information . The grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
 23 

and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Participant should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and Participant will not be able to make any subsequent sale of shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six (6) months from the Award Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. Switzerland 1. Securities Law Information . Neither the Agreement nor any other materials relating to the grant of Restricted Stock Units (a) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (b) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority , including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority , FINMA. United Kingdom (Including Northern Ireland) 1. Payment of Withholding Taxes . The following provision supplements the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes : Without limitation to the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes , Participant agrees that Participant is liable for all income tax and employee national insurance contributions or other social contributions or withholding taxes Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Corporation, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Corporation and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on Participant s behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by Participant within 90 days after the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. Participant acknowledges that Participant ultimately will be 
 24 

responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Corporation or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Corporation and/or the Employer may recover from Participant at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes . 2. Exclusion of Claim . Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant s ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the award of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 3. Section 2 of the Addendum . Section 2 of the Addendum (Participants in the European Union) shall not apply to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 25 

</EX-10.85>

<EX-10.86>
 11
 cboe-20221231xex10d86.htm
 EX-10.86

Exhibit 10.86 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Performance Based This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is dated effective _______________________(the Award Date ), and is between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Corporation and _______________ Participant ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (formerly CBOE Holdings, Inc.) Long-Term Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 1. Award . The Corporation hereby awards to Participant ___________ Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ). The Restricted Stock Units will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested share of Stock and entitles Participant, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to receive a share of Stock if and when the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 2. No Rights as Stockholder; Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of the shares of Stock (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation declares a cash dividend on shares of Stock, on the payment date of the dividend, Participant will be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to the amount of the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of Restricted Stock Units held by Participant on the dividend s record date. The Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to Participant under the preceding sentence will be deemed to be reinvested in additional Restricted Stock Units, which will be subject to the same terms regarding vesting, forfeiture, and distribution as Restricted Stock Units awarded to Participant under this Agreement. 3. Performance Period . The Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Units shall be the three (3) year period commencing on ___________ and ending on ___________. 4. Vesting; Effect of Termination of Service; Change in Control . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A ), upon the earlier to occur of (i) Participant s death or (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability as defined for purposes of Section 409A, in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below. 
 (c) This subsection 4(c) shall apply to this Agreement, this Award and any Replacement Award provided to Participant to replace this Award in lieu of Section 

8.2(b) of the Plan. Upon a termination of Participant s Service by the Corporation or its Affiliate without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason (as defined below), in each case, upon or within two years after a Change in Control and prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below, this Award or any Replacement Award held by Participant shall become fully vested and free of restrictions at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A , as amended by the Replacement Award, if any), except that vesting shall be, to the extent determinable, at the level of achievement of the Performance Goal actually achieved as of the date of termination of Service (with similar performance assumed to be achieved through the remainder of the Performance Period) if greater than the Target level of achievement, and shall be distributed upon or within 60 days of such termination of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Award or the Replacement Award, as applicable, is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, payment shall be made pursuant to the Award s original schedule if necessary to comply with Section 409A.
 
 For purposes of this Award Good Reason shall be deemed to exist if, and only if, without the Participant s express written consent: (i) The Corporation or its Affiliate assigns to Participant authorities, duties or responsibilities (including titles) that are inconsistent in any material and adverse respect with Participant s immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities with the Corporation or its Affiliate (including any material and adverse diminution of such immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities); (ii) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially reduces Participant s base compensation; (iii) The Corporation or its Affiliate requires Participant to relocate his or her principal business office or principal place of residence outside the metropolitan area in which Participant worked or resided at the time the Restricted Stock Units were awarded (or outside the immediately preceding location of Participant s principal business office with the Corporation or its Affiliate), or assigns to Participant duties that would reasonably require such relocation; (iv) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially breaches the terms of any agreement pursuant to which services are provided to the Corporation or its Affiliate by Participant; or (v) The Corporation or its Affiliate terminates, reduces or limits Participant s participation in any bonus or incentive compensation arrangement relative to the level of participation of other employees of similar rank for a reason that is not reasonably related to Participant s level of job performance or local legal requirements and provided that such action results in a material reduction in the aggregate value of Participant s incentive compensation below the aggregate value as of the immediately preceding bonus or incentive compensation performance period and provided further that a mere change in the form of payment of the award (whether cash or shares of Stock) without a reduction in the aggregate grant value of the award shall not be considered a reduction of Participant s participation. 
 2 

Participant s voluntary termination of Service shall not be considered a termination of Service for Good Reason unless Participant terminates his or her Service within 120 days after the initial existence of the condition constituting Good Reason; provided, Participant provides written notice to the Corporation or its Affiliate of Participant s intention to resign for Good Reason, which notice specifies in reasonable detail the breach or action giving rise thereto within 90 days of its initial existence, and the Corporation or its Affiliate does not cure such breach or action within 30 days after the date of the Participant s notice. (d) If Participant s Service is terminated for any reason before all of Participant s Restricted Stock Units have vested under this Agreement (including pursuant to an event described in Section 4(b) or 4(c) above), Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited upon the effective date of such termination of Service. Neither the Corporation nor any Affiliate will have any further obligations to Participant under this Agreement if Participant s Restricted Stock Units are forfeited.
 
 5. Terms and Conditions of Distribution . (a) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a vested Restricted Stock Unit shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable after the Restricted Stock Unit vests, but not later than two and a half (2 months after the end of the calendar year in which the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 
 (b) Reserved.
 (c) If Participant dies before the date on which the Corporation would have distributed shares of Stock in satisfaction of vested Restricted Stock Units, the Corporation will distribute such shares of Stock to Participant s designated beneficiary(ies) or, if none are designated or surviving, to Participant s estate or personal representative. The Corporation is not required to issue or deliver any shares of Stock before completing the steps necessary to comply with applicable Federal and state securities laws (including any registration requirements) and applicable stock exchange rules and practices. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause compliance with those laws, rules and practices. The foregoing provisions are subject in all cases to the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 6. Nontransferability . Unvested Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, exchanged, pledged, assigned, garnished, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Any effort to assign or transfer the rights under this Agreement will be wholly ineffective, and will be grounds for termination by the Committee of all rights of Participant under this Agreement. 7. Administration . The Committee administers the Plan. Participant s rights under this Agreement are expressly subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and to any guidelines the Committee adopts from time to time. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of the Plan and this Agreement, and such rules and regulations as may be adopted by the Committee for purposes of administering the Plan and this Agreement, will be final and binding upon Participant. 
 3 

8. Securities Law Requirements . If at any time the Board or Committee determines that issuing Stock pursuant to this Agreement would violate applicable securities laws, the Corporation will not be required to issue such Stock. The Board or Committee may declare any provision of this Agreement or action of its own null and void, if it determines the provision or action fails to comply with applicable securities laws. The Corporation may require Participant to make written representations it deems necessary or desirable to comply with applicable securities laws. 9. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Distribution to Participant of shares of Stock under this Agreement will be subject to Federal income and other tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable) by the Corporation in respect of taxes on income realized by Participant. The Corporation may withhold the minimum statutorily required amounts from future paychecks to Participant, or may require that Participant deliver to the Corporation the amounts to be withheld. Participant agrees to allow the Corporation, upon any payment of shares of Stock to Participant under this Agreement, to withhold a portion of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to Participant having a Fair Market Value of the tax withholding obligation (or, in the discretion of the Corporation, to satisfy up to the maximum tax withholding obligation), in satisfaction of any Federal income and other tax withholding (and any state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable). Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event that any Restricted Stock Units become subject to tax withholding before the shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be delivered to the Participant, the Corporation may issue a sufficient number of whole shares of Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units that does not exceed the minimum tax withholding obligation, which shares of Stock shall be withheld by the Corporation to satisfy its withholding obligation, in accordance with and subject to the requirements of Section 409A. 10. Restrictive Covenants . Participant understands the global nature of the Corporation s businesses and the effort the Corporation and its Affiliates (collectively referred to in this Section as Cboe undertake to develop and protect their business and their competitive advantage. Accordingly, Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions described in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Cboe. Participant further agrees that during the period of Participant s Service and for a period of two (2) years following Participant s separation from Service, Participant shall not, without the express written approval of the Chief Executive Officer: 
 (a) singly, jointly, or in any other capacity, in a manner that contributes to any research, technology, development, account, trading, marketing, promotion, or sales and that relates to Participant s Service with Cboe, directly or beneficially, manage, join, participate in the management, operation or control of, or work for (as an employee, consultant or independent contractor), or permit the use of his or her name by, or provide financial or other assistance to, or be connected in any manner with (i) any exchange, facility, clearinghouse, electronic communications network ECN ), electronic foreign currency exchange market FX matching platform, multilateral trading facility, or alternative trading system ATS (ii) the ECN, ATS or FX business lines of any full 

 4 

service broker dealer; or (iii) any business line of any company that is substantially similar to any additional business line developed or entered into by Cboe during Participant s Service, provided that, in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), such entity or business line that directly competes with Cboe;
 (b) provide any service or assistance that (i) is of the general type of service or assistance provided by Participant to Cboe, (ii) relates to any technology, account, product, project or piece of work with which Participant was involved during his Service, and (iii) contributes to causing an entity to come within the definition described in Section 10(a) above;
 (c) solicit or accept if offered to Participant, with or without solicitation, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of any other person, the services of any person who is a then-current employee of Cboe (or was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation), nor solicit any of Cboe s then-current employees (or an individual who was employed by or engaged by Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation) to terminate employment or an engagement with Cboe, nor agree to hire any then-current employee (or an individual who was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such hire) of Cboe into employment with Participant or any company, individual or other entity; or
 (d) directly or indirectly divert or attempt to divert from Cboe any business in which Cboe has been actively engaged during Participant s Service, nor interfere with the relationships of Cboe or with their sources of business.
 
 11. Confidentiality . Participant acknowledges that the Corporation or an Affiliate may disclose secret or confidential information to Participant during the period of Participant s Service to enable Participant to perform his or her duties. Participant agrees that, subject to the following sentence, Participant shall not during his or her Service (except in connection with the proper performance of his or her duties) and thereafter, without the prior written consent of the Corporation, disclose to any person or entity any material or significant secret or confidential information concerning the business of the Corporation or an Affiliate that was obtained by Participant in the course of Participant s Service. This paragraph shall not be applicable if and to the extent Participant is required to testify in a legislative, judicial or regulatory proceeding pursuant to an order of Congress, any state or local legislature, a judge, or an administrative law judge, or if such secret or confidential information is required to be disclosed by Participant by any law, regulation or order of any court or regulatory commission, department or agency. Participant further agrees that if Participant s Service is terminated for any reason, Participant will not take, but will leave with the Corporation or an Affiliate, all records and papers and all matter of whatever nature that bears secret or confidential information of the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term secret or confidential information shall include, but not be limited to, any and all records, notes, memoranda, data, writings, research, personnel information, customer information, clearing members information, the Corporation s and any Affiliate s financial information and plans, processes, methods, techniques, systems, formulas, patents, models, devices, compilations or any other information of whatever nature in the possession or control of the Corporation or an Affiliate, that has not been published or 
 5 

disclosed to the general public, the options industry, the equities industry, the foreign currency exchange industry or the commodities futures industry, provided that such term shall not include knowledge, skills, and information that is common to the trade or profession of Participant. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge or complaint with a governmental or regulatory entity, participating in a governmental or regulatory entity investigation, or giving truthful testimony or making other disclosures to a governmental or regulatory entity (in each case, without having to disclose any such conduct to the Corporation or an Affiliate), or from responding if properly subpoenaed or otherwise required to do so under applicable law. In addition, nothing in this Agreement limits Participant s right to receive an award from a governmental or regulatory entity for information provided to such an entity (and not as compensation for actual or alleged personal injury or damages to Participant). Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence either directly or indirectly to a federal, state, or local government official, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a violation of law. Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret made in a complaint, or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If Participant files a lawsuit or other action alleging retaliation by the Corporation or an Affiliate for reporting a suspected violation of law, Participant may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding or other action, if Participant files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. This paragraph will govern to the extent it may conflict with any other provision of this Agreement. 12. Judicial Modification . If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of Section 10 or 11 is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that (a) the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, (b) the parties shall request that the court exercise that power, and (c) this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. 13. Remedies . Participant agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, in addition to any other penalties or restrictions that may apply under any employment agreement, state law, or otherwise, Participant shall forfeit, upon written notice to such effect from the Corporation, any and all Awards granted to him or her under the Plan and this Agreement, including vested Awards. The forfeiture provisions of this Section 13 shall 
 6 

continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and Participant have lapsed. Participant consents and agrees that if Participant violates or threatens to violate any provisions of Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, the Corporation or its successors in interest shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies that they may have, including money damages, to an injunction to be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining Participant from committing or continuing any violation of Sections 10 or 11 . In the event that Participant is found to have breached any provision set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement, the time period provided for in that provision shall be deemed tolled i.e. , it will not begin to run) for as long as Participant was in violation of that provision. The provisions of Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the Participant s service has terminated and after provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and the Participant have lapsed. 14. Representations and Warranties . Participant represents and warrants to the Corporation that Participant has received a copy of the Plan and this Agreement, has read and understands the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, and agrees to be bound by their terms and conditions in all respects. 15. No Limitation on the Corporation s Rights . The granting of Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement shall not and will not in any way affect the Corporation s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, reincorporate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 16. Plan and Agreement Not a Contract of Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement is a contract of employment or Service, and no terms of Participant s employment or Service will be affected in any way by the Plan, this Agreement or related instruments, except to the extent specifically expressed therein. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement will be construed as conferring any legal rights on Participant to continue to be employed or remain in Service, nor will it interfere with the Corporation s or any Affiliate s right to discharge Participant or to deal with Participant regardless of the existence of the Plan or this Agreement. 17. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, and all prior oral and written representations are merged in this Agreement and the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall not in any way affect the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement may be amended, modified, or terminated only in accordance with the Plan. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 18. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, sent by overnight courier (at the sender s expense), or (if from the Corporation or the Corporation s stock plan administrator) by electronic mail. Notice 
 7 

will be deemed given (a) when delivered personally, (b) if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the U.S. mail, (c) if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent, or (d) when electronically mailed. Notice to the Corporation should be sent to Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to Participant should be sent to the mailing address and/or electronic mailing address set forth on the Corporation s records. Either party may change the address to which the other party must give notice under this Section 18 by giving the other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above or otherwise established by the Corporation or its stock plan administrator. 19. Successors and Assigns . The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns. 20. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by Federal law, the Plan, this Agreement, and documents evidencing rights relating to the Plan or this Agreement will be construed, administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement will be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be fully effective. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce (or otherwise relating to), this Agreement will be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). 21. Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions set forth in the Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if set forth fully in this Agreement. If the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 23. Waiver; Cumulative Rights . The failure or delay of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement will not affect its right to require performance of such provision unless and until such performance has been waived in writing. Each right under this Agreement is cumulative and may be exercised in part or in whole from time to time. 24. Tax Consequences . Participant agrees to determine and be responsible for all tax consequences to Participant with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 25. Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A, including the exceptions and exemptions for short term deferrals, stock rights, and separation pay arrangements. This Agreement and all Restricted Stock Units shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any other 
 8 

agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement, be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Corporation, and without the consent of Participant, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Section 409A. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee by the Corporation of any particular tax effect to Participant. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payment that is subject to Section 409A and payable upon Participant s termination of employment or other similar event shall not be made unless Participant has experienced a separation from service as defined under Section 409A. Any payment subject to Section 409A that is to be made upon a separation from service to Participant on any date when he or she is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A shall not be paid before the date that is six (6) months following Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, Participant s death. 26. Awards Subject to the Corporation s Recovery of Funds Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement shall be subject to the Corporation s compensation recovery policy, as may be in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the provisions of any such policy required by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations issued by the SEC or any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Stock may be traded. 27. Addendum to Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Participant resides or is employed outside the U.S. or transfers residence or employment outside the U.S., the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions as are set forth in the addendum to this agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Corporation determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 9 

Exhibit 10.86 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. Cboe Global Markets, Inc. _________________________________ By: _____________________________ Participant s Name _________________________________ Its: _____________________________ Participant s Signature 

Exhibit A Vesting of the Restricted Stock Units is contingent on achievement of a Performance Goal tied to Total Shareholder Return of the Corporation as compared to the Total Shareholder Return of the S P 500 Index during the Performance Period. The number of Restricted Stock Units that may vest shall be determined as set forth below: TSR Percentile Attained Percentage of Restricted Stock Units That Vest ___________ th percentile Maximum or greater ___________ ___________ th percentile Target ___________ ___________ th percentile Threshold ___________ 
 For TSR Percentile performance levels that fall between the values shown above, the percentage of Restricted Stock Units that vest will be determined by straight line interpolation, provided that no Restricted Stock Units will vest if the Corporation s TSR Percentile does not equal or exceed the Threshold amount. Total Shareholder Return means, with respect to any corporation, the i ncrease in its stock price over the Performance Period plus reinvested dividends, divided by its stock price at the beginning of the Performance Period. For purposes of this definition, the beginning stock price will be the average closing price over the twenty (20) trading days up to and including ___________ , and the ending stock price will be the average closing price over the twenty (20) trading days up to and including ___________ . TSR Percentile means the Corporation s Total Shareholder Return during the Performance Period relative to the Total Shareholder Returns for the S P 500 Index during the Performance Period. 
 11 

ADDENDUM CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT - PERFORMACE BASED This Addendum to the Agreement includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed outside of the United States or transfers residence or employment outside the United States. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Agreement or the Plan. 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Unit awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; (e) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock that may be received in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, (i) are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Corporation or the Affiliate that employs Participant (the Employer ), and which is outside the scope of Participant s employment contract, if any, (ii) are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation, and (iii) are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; (f) the Restricted Stock Unit award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation or any Affiliate, nor does it amend any legal relationship or legal entitlement between Participant and the Employer; (g) this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of Participant s further employment for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere with Participant s right or the right of the Corporation or the Employer to terminate Participant s employment relationship at any time with or without cause; 
 12 

(h) unless otherwise agreed with the Corporation, the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of an Affiliate; (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) neither the Corporation, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of any shares of Stock Participant may acquire upon such settlement; (k) in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Restricted Stock Units or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units or shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from Participant s termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; and (l) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Corporation in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company or to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Corporation. 
 2. Reserved. 3. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Participant acknowledges and agrees that if Participant is subject to tax and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, the Corporation or its Affiliate(s) may be required to withhold or account for taxes and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, in accordance with the methods of withholding described in Section 9 of the Agreement. 4. Data Privacy . (a) Data Collection and Usage . The Corporation and the Employer will collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, specifically, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 13 

(b) Recipients of Data . a. Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Corporation and the Employer transfer Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC (and/or its affiliates, collectively Fidelity ), the designated broker assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Corporation may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. b. Other Service Provider Data Recipients . The Corporation also may transfer Data to other third party service providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. Such third party service providers may include the Corporation s legal counsel as well as its auditor, human resources consultant and payroll vendor. Wherever possible, the Corporation will anonymize data, but Participant understands that his or her Data may need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. c. Securities or Other Regulatory Authorities . In addition to the recipients identified herein and where required under applicable law, Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities, including where the Corporation s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The legal basis, where required, for such disclosure is compliance with applicable law. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Corporation, Fidelity and other service providers described above are located in the United States. The United States may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country of residence (or country of employment, if different). (d) Legal Basis for Collection, Processing and Transfer of Data . a. Participants within the EU / European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. The collection, processing and transfer of Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Corporation and Employer s administration of the Plan and Participant s participation in the Plan. ii. When transferring Data to potential recipients outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Corporation and the Employer strive to provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. For further information on the transfer of the Participant s personal data outside of the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 b. Participants outside the EU / EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom 
 14 

i. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, processing and use, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Data by the Corporation and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a non-U.S. data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. Upon transfer of Participant s Data to Fidelity, Participant may be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with Fidelity, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. ii. Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant understands that Participant is providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Participant s employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 (e) Data Retention . Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan or comply with applicable laws. When the Corporation no longer needs the Data, the Corporation will remove it from its systems. (f) Data Subject Rights . Participant understands that Participant may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy Data that the Corporation possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data, (iii) delete Data, (iv) restrict processing of Data, (v) opt out of the Plan, or (vi) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in Participant s jurisdiction. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant understands that Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 5. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 6. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and 
 15 

on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 7. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to comply with the Corporation s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to Participant). Participant further acknowledges that, depending on Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Corporation as defined by the laws or regulations in Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Corporation insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should therefore consult Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 8. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Controls . Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 9. Language . If Participant is resident in a country where English is not an official language, Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that it is Participant s express intent that the Agreement, the Addendum and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If Participant has received the Agreement, the Addendum or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the 
 16 

meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 10. Annex to Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or Addendum to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in the annex to this Addendum (the Annex ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. In all circumstances, the Annex shall constitute part of this Addendum. 
 17 

ANNEX This Annex to the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed in the country addressed herein or transfers residence or employment to the country addressed herein. If Participant transfers residence and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (including the Addendum) or the Plan. Australia 1. Tax Notification . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to conditions in the Act). 2. Offer Document . The Corporation is pleased to provide this offer to participate in the Plan . This offer document sets out information regarding the award for Australian-resident Participants Australian Participants ). It is for informational purposes and is intended to comply with the provisions of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Instrument 22-0283. 
 Additional Documents In addition to the information set out in the Agreement (including the Addendum and this Annex), Participant is also being provided with copies of the following documents: 1. the Plan; and 2. the Plan Prospectus describing the terms of the Plan (the Plan Prospectus and 3. any supplemental documents to the Plan and Plan Prospectus, as necessary. These additional documents provide further information to help Participant make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan Prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. Participant should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. Participant should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement and the additional documents when considering participation in the Plan. General Information Only Any information given by the Corporation or any subsidiary or affiliate in relation to the Restricted Stock Units is general and does not take into account an Australian Participant s objectives, financial situation and needs. Australian Participants should consider obtaining their own financial product advice from an independent person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 18 

Acquisition Price No acquisition price is payable by Participant for the Corporation to grant Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Agreement or for Participant to acquire shares of Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. Shares of Stock A share of common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to an ordinary share of an Australian Corporation. Each holder of a share of common stock is entitled to one vote for every share held. The shares of Stock are traded on Cboe BZX in the United States of America under the symbol CBOE . Shares of Stock are not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Corporation and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions . Risks of Acquiring Shares of Stock This paragraph provides Australian Participants with general information about the risks of acquiring and holding shares of Stock. Before accepting the grant of Restricted Stock Units, Australian Participants should satisfy themselves that they have a sufficient understanding of these matters and should consider whether shares of Stock are a suitable investment for them, having regard to their own investment objectives, financial circumstances and taxation position. (a) Price of shares of Stock may fluctuate: The price at which a share of Stock is quoted on the Cboe BZX may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. Some of the factors that may affect the price of the shares of Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Corporation operates and general operational and business risks. More information about potential factors that could affect the Corporation s business and financial results is included in the Corporation s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Copies of these forms are available at http://www.sec.gov/ and upon request to the Corporation. In addition, Participant should be aware that the value of the shares of Stock Participant may acquire will be affected by the U.S./Australian dollar exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. (b) Trading in shares of Stock may not be liquid: There can be no guarantee that an active market in shares of Stock will continue or that the price of shares of Stock will increase. The number of potential buyers or sellers of shares of Stock on the Cboe BZX 
 19 

may vary at any time. This may increase the volatility of the market price of shares of Stock. It may also affect the prevailing market price at which shareholders are able to sell their shares of Stock. This may result in shareholders receiving a market price for their shares of Stock that is less than the price that shareholders paid. (c) Risk of dilution: In the future, the Corporation may elect to issue stock (or securities convertible into stock) including in connection with fundraisings for acquisitions that the Corporation may decide to make. Shareholders may be diluted as a result of such issues of stock or securities or such issues may reduce the market price of shares of Stock. (d) Dividends on shares of Stock : The Corporation may pay dividends on shares of Stock. Payment of future dividends, and the timing and amount of any dividends the Corporation determines to pay, are at the discretion of the Board. Market Price of shares of Stock in Australian Dollars An Australian Participant can, from time to time, ascertain the market price of the shares of Stock by obtaining that price from the Corporation website http://ir.cboe.com or The Wall Street Journal. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at the website of the Reserve Bank of Australia http://www.rba.gov.au/statistics/frequency/exchange-rates.html ). This will not be a prediction of what the market price per share will be when the Restricted Stock Units vest and the shares of Stock are issued or of the applicable exchange rate on the actual vesting date or the date the shares of Stock are issued. Canada 1. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units : Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or any related document, if Participant is resident or employed in Canada, the Corporation shall have absolute discretion to settle the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock or in the form of a cash payment or in any combination of the foregoing. 2. Securities Law Notification : Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she is permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Stock takes place outside of Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed. The shares of Stock currently are listed on Cboe BZX in the United States. 3. Termination of Employment : Except as may be determined by the Committee and except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of the Agreement, for purposes of Section 4(d) of the Agreement, Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant ceases to be an employee of the Corporation (or, if different, the Affiliate to which Participant provides Service) for any reason, whether lawful or otherwise (including, without limitation, by reason of resignation, death, frustration of contract, termination for cause, termination without cause, or constructive dismissal), without regard to any pay in lieu of notice (whether 
 20 

by way of lump sum or salary continuance), benefits continuance, or other termination related payments or benefits, whether pursuant to the common law or otherwise, to which Participant may then be entitled (the Termination Date ). In the event that the Termination Date cannot reasonably be determined under the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Committee and its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Termination Date occurs for purposes of the Plan (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing Service while on any leave of absence). Unless otherwise extended by the Corporation, or as may be required to satisfy the minimum requirements of applicable employment or labour standards legislation, any portion of the award that is not vested on the Termination Date shall terminate immediately and be null and void, and Participant will have no entitlement to further vesting in the Restricted Stock Units or compensation in lieu thereof following the Termination Date, and Participant waives any claim to damages in respect thereof whether related or attributable to any contractual or common law termination entitlements or otherwise. For additional clarity, if applicable employment or labour standards legislation specifically requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be allowed to continue for that minimum notice period but then immediately terminate effective as of the last day of Participant s minimum statutory notice period . Hong Kong 1. Settlement in Shares of Stock . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 2. Disposal of Shares of Stock . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to Participant within six (6) months after the Award Date, Participant agrees that Participant will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Award Date. 3. IMPORTANT NOTICE/WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock issued in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Corporation or an Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 21 

4. Wages . The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units do not form part of Participant s wages for purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. Netherlands 1. Exclusion of Claim : Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant ceasing to have rights under the Plan, whether or not as a result of termination of Participant s Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss of diminution in value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 Philippines 1. Settlement in Cash . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in cash (and shall not be settled in shares of Stock), unless otherwise determined by the Corporation. 
 Singapore 1. Securities Law Information . The grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Participant should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and Participant will not be able to make any subsequent sale of shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six (6) months from the Award Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. Switzerland 1. Securities Law Information . Neither the Agreement nor any other materials relating to the grant of Restricted Stock Units (a) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (b) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority , including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority , FINMA. 
 22 

United Kingdom (Including Northern Ireland) 1. Payment of Withholding Taxes . The following provision supplements the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes : Without limitation to the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes , Participant agrees that Participant is liable for all income tax and employee national insurance contributions or other social contributions or withholding taxes Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Corporation, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Corporation and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on Participant s behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by Participant within 90 days after the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. Participant acknowledges that Participant ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Corporation or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Corporation and/or the Employer may recover from Participant at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes . 2. Exclusion of Claim . Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant s ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the award of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 3. Section 2 of the Addendum . Section 2 of the Addendum (Participants in the European Union) shall not apply to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 23 

</EX-10.86>

<EX-10.87>
 12
 cboe-20221231xex10d87.htm
 EX-10.87

Exhibit 10.87 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Performance Based This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is dated effective _______________________, (the Award Date ), and is between Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Corporation and ____________________ Participant ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (formerly CBOE Holdings, Inc.) Long-Term Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 1. Award . The Corporation hereby awards to Participant ___________ Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ). The Restricted Stock Units will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a notional amount that represents one unvested share of Stock and entitles Participant, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to receive a share of Stock if and when the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 2. No Rights as Stockholder; Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Stock represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of the shares of Stock (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Corporation or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation declares a cash dividend on shares of Stock, on the payment date of the dividend, Participant will be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to the amount of the cash dividend per share multiplied by the number of Restricted Stock Units held by Participant on the dividend s record date. The Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to Participant under the preceding sentence will be deemed to be reinvested in additional Restricted Stock Units, which will be subject to the same terms regarding vesting, forfeiture, and distribution as Restricted Stock Units awarded to Participant under this Agreement. 3. Performance Period . The Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Units shall be the three (3) year period commencing on ___________ and ending on ___________. 4. Vesting; Effect of Termination of Service; Change in Control . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(b), 4(c) and 4(d) below, Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the expiration of the Performance Period, subject to and contingent upon achievement of the Performance Goal described in Exhibit A hereto and Participant s continued Service through the last day of the Performance Period. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units will vest at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A ), upon the earlier to occur of (i) Participant s death or (ii) Participant s becoming Disabled, provided that such condition qualifies as disability as defined for purposes of Section 409A, in each case, if prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below. 
 (c) This subsection 4(c) shall apply to this Agreement, this Award and any Replacement Award provided to Participant to replace this Award in lieu of Section 

8.2(b) of the Plan. Upon a termination of Participant s Service by the Corporation or its Affiliate without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason (as defined below), in each case, upon or within two years after a Change in Control and prior to any forfeiture event under Section 4(d) below, this Award or any Replacement Award held by Participant shall become fully vested and free of restrictions at the Target level of achievement of the Performance Goal (as described in Exhibit A , as amended by the Replacement Award, if any), except that vesting shall be, to the extent determinable, at the level of achievement of the Performance Goal actually achieved as of the date of termination of Service (with similar performance assumed to be achieved through the remainder of the Performance Period) if greater than the Target level of achievement, and shall be distributed upon or within 60 days of such termination of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Award or the Replacement Award, as applicable, is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, payment shall be made pursuant to the Award s original schedule if necessary to comply with Section 409A.
 
 For purposes of this Award Good Reason shall be deemed to exist if, and only if, without the Participant s express written consent: (i) The Corporation or its Affiliate assigns to Participant authorities, duties or responsibilities (including titles) that are inconsistent in any material and adverse respect with Participant s immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities with the Corporation or its Affiliate (including any material and adverse diminution of such immediately preceding authorities, duties or responsibilities); (ii) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially reduces Participant s base compensation; (iii) The Corporation or its Affiliate requires Participant to relocate his or her principal business office or principal place of residence outside the metropolitan area in which Participant worked or resided at the time the Restricted Stock Units were awarded (or outside the immediately preceding location of Participant s principal business office with the Corporation or its Affiliate), or assigns to Participant duties that would reasonably require such relocation; (iv) The Corporation or its Affiliate materially breaches the terms of any agreement pursuant to which services are provided to the Corporation or its Affiliate by Participant; or (v) The Corporation or its Affiliate terminates, reduces or limits Participant s participation in any bonus or incentive compensation arrangement relative to the level of participation of other employees of similar rank for a reason that is not reasonably related to Participant s level of job performance or local legal requirements and provided that such action results in a material reduction in the aggregate value of Participant s incentive compensation below the aggregate value as of the immediately preceding bonus or incentive compensation performance period and provided further that a mere change in the form of payment of the award (whether cash or shares of Stock) without a reduction in the aggregate grant value of the award shall not be considered a reduction of Participant s participation. 
 2 

Participant s voluntary termination of Service shall not be considered a termination of Service for Good Reason unless Participant terminates his or her Service within 120 days after the initial existence of the condition constituting Good Reason; provided, Participant provides written notice to the Corporation or its Affiliate of Participant s intention to resign for Good Reason, which notice specifies in reasonable detail the breach or action giving rise thereto within 90 days of its initial existence, and the Corporation or its Affiliate does not cure such breach or action within 30 days after the date of the Participant s notice. (d) If Participant s Service is terminated for any reason before all of Participant s Restricted Stock Units have vested under this Agreement (including pursuant to an event described in Section 4(b) or 4(c) above), Participant s unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited upon the effective date of such termination of Service. Neither the Corporation nor any Affiliate will have any further obligations to Participant under this Agreement if Participant s Restricted Stock Units are forfeited.
 
 5. Terms and Conditions of Distribution . (a) Distribution of a share of Stock that corresponds to a vested Restricted Stock Unit shall be made to Participant as soon as practicable after the Restricted Stock Unit vests, but not later than two and a half (2 months after the end of the calendar year in which the Restricted Stock Unit vests. 
 (b) Reserved.
 (c) If Participant dies before the date on which the Corporation would have distributed shares of Stock in satisfaction of vested Restricted Stock Units, the Corporation will distribute such shares of Stock to Participant s designated beneficiary(ies) or, if none are designated or surviving, to Participant s estate or personal representative. The Corporation is not required to issue or deliver any shares of Stock before completing the steps necessary to comply with applicable Federal and state securities laws (including any registration requirements) and applicable stock exchange rules and practices. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause compliance with those laws, rules and practices. The foregoing provisions are subject in all cases to the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 6. Nontransferability . Unvested Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, exchanged, pledged, assigned, garnished, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Any effort to assign or transfer the rights under this Agreement will be wholly ineffective, and will be grounds for termination by the Committee of all rights of Participant under this Agreement. 7. Administration . The Committee administers the Plan. Participant s rights under this Agreement are expressly subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and to any guidelines the Committee adopts from time to time. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of the Plan and this Agreement, and such rules and regulations as may be adopted by the Committee for purposes of administering the Plan and this Agreement, will be final and binding upon Participant. 
 3 

8. Securities Law Requirements . If at any time the Board or Committee determines that issuing Stock pursuant to this Agreement would violate applicable securities laws, the Corporation will not be required to issue such Stock. The Board or Committee may declare any provision of this Agreement or action of its own null and void, if it determines the provision or action fails to comply with applicable securities laws. The Corporation may require Participant to make written representations it deems necessary or desirable to comply with applicable securities laws. 9. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Distribution to Participant of shares of Stock under this Agreement will be subject to Federal income and other tax withholding (and state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable) by the Corporation in respect of taxes on income realized by Participant. The Corporation may withhold the minimum statutorily required amounts from future paychecks to Participant, or may require that Participant deliver to the Corporation the amounts to be withheld. Participant agrees to allow the Corporation, upon any payment of shares of Stock to Participant under this Agreement, to withhold a portion of the shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to Participant having a Fair Market Value of the minimum tax withholding obligation (or, in the discretion of the Corporation, to satisfy up to the maximum tax withholding obligation), in satisfaction of any Federal income and other tax withholding (and any state and local income tax withholding, or non-U.S. tax withholding, if applicable). Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event that any Restricted Stock Units become subject to tax withholding before the shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be delivered to the Participant, the Corporation may issue a sufficient number of whole shares of Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units that does not exceed the minimum tax withholding obligation, which shares of Stock shall be withheld by the Corporation to satisfy its withholding obligation, in accordance with and subject to the requirements of Section 409A. 10. Restrictive Covenants . Participant understands the global nature of the Corporation s businesses and the effort the Corporation and its Affiliates (collectively referred to in this Section as Cboe undertake to develop and protect their business and their competitive advantage. Accordingly, Participant agrees that the scope and duration of the restrictions described in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Cboe. Participant further agrees that during the period of Participant s Service and for a period of two (2) years following Participant s separation from Service, Participant shall not, without the express written approval of the Chief Executive Officer: 
 (a) singly, jointly, or in any other capacity, in a manner that contributes to any research, technology, development, account, trading, marketing, promotion, or sales and that relates to Participant s Service with Cboe, directly or beneficially, manage, join, participate in the management, operation or control of, or work for (as an employee, consultant or independent contractor), or permit the use of his or her name by, or provide financial or other assistance to, or be connected in any manner with (i) any exchange, facility, clearinghouse, electronic communications network ECN ), electronic foreign currency exchange market FX matching platform, multilateral trading facility, or alternative trading system ATS (ii) the ECN, ATS or FX business lines of any full 

 4 

service broker dealer; or (iii) any business line of any company that is substantially similar to any additional business line developed or entered into by Cboe during Participant s Service, provided that, in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), such entity or business line that directly competes with Cboe;
 (b) provide any service or assistance that (i) is of the general type of service or assistance provided by Participant to Cboe, (ii) relates to any technology, account, product, project or piece of work with which Participant was involved during his Service, and (iii) contributes to causing an entity to come within the definition described in Section 10(a) above;
 (c) solicit or accept if offered to Participant, with or without solicitation, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of any other person, the services of any person who is a then-current employee of Cboe (or was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation), nor solicit any of Cboe s then-current employees (or an individual who was employed by or engaged by Cboe during the year preceding such solicitation) to terminate employment or an engagement with Cboe, nor agree to hire any then-current employee (or an individual who was an employee of Cboe during the year preceding such hire) of Cboe into employment with Participant or any company, individual or other entity; or
 (d) directly or indirectly divert or attempt to divert from Cboe any business in which Cboe has been actively engaged during Participant s Service, nor interfere with the relationships of Cboe or with their sources of business.
 
 11. Confidentiality . Participant acknowledges that the Corporation or an Affiliate may disclose secret or confidential information to Participant during the period of Participant s Service to enable Participant to perform his or her duties. Participant agrees that, subject to the following sentence, Participant shall not during his or her Service (except in connection with the proper performance of his or her duties) and thereafter, without the prior written consent of the Corporation, disclose to any person or entity any material or significant secret or confidential information concerning the business of the Corporation or an Affiliate that was obtained by Participant in the course of Participant s Service. This paragraph shall not be applicable if and to the extent Participant is required to testify in a legislative, judicial or regulatory proceeding pursuant to an order of Congress, any state or local legislature, a judge, or an administrative law judge, or if such secret or confidential information is required to be disclosed by Participant by any law, regulation or order of any court or regulatory commission, department or agency. Participant further agrees that if Participant s Service is terminated for any reason, Participant will not take, but will leave with the Corporation or an Affiliate, all records and papers and all matter of whatever nature that bears secret or confidential information of the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term secret or confidential information shall include, but not be limited to, any and all records, notes, memoranda, data, writings, research, personnel information, customer information, clearing members information, the Corporation s and any Affiliate s financial information and plans, processes, methods, techniques, systems, formulas, patents, models, devices, compilations or any other information of whatever nature in the possession or control of the Corporation or an Affiliate, that has not been published or 
 5 

disclosed to the general public, the options industry, the equities industry, the foreign currency exchange industry or the commodities futures industry, provided that such term shall not include knowledge, skills, and information that is common to the trade or profession of Participant. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Participant from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge or complaint with a governmental or regulatory entity, participating in a governmental or regulatory entity investigation, or giving truthful testimony or making other disclosures to a governmental or regulatory entity (in each case, without having to disclose any such conduct to the Corporation or an Affiliate), or from responding if properly subpoenaed or otherwise required to do so under applicable law. In addition, nothing in this Agreement limits Participant s right to receive an award from a governmental or regulatory entity for information provided to such an entity (and not as compensation for actual or alleged personal injury or damages to Participant). Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence either directly or indirectly to a federal, state, or local government official, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a violation of law. Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret made in a complaint, or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If Participant files a lawsuit or other action alleging retaliation by the Corporation or an Affiliate for reporting a suspected violation of law, Participant may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding or other action, if Participant files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. This paragraph will govern to the extent it may conflict with any other provision of this Agreement. 12. Judicial Modification . If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of Section 10 or 11 is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that (a) the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or geographic area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, (b) the parties shall request that the court exercise that power, and (c) this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment or decision may be appealed. 13. Remedies . Participant agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, in addition to any other penalties or restrictions that may apply under any employment agreement, state law, or otherwise, Participant shall forfeit, upon written notice to such effect from the Corporation, any and all Awards granted to him or her under the Plan and this Agreement, including vested Awards. The forfeiture provisions of this Section 13 shall 
 6 

continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and Participant have lapsed. Participant consents and agrees that if Participant violates or threatens to violate any provisions of Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement, the Corporation or its successors in interest shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies that they may have, including money damages, to an injunction to be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining Participant from committing or continuing any violation of Sections 10 or 11 . In the event that Participant is found to have breached any provision set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement, the time period provided for in that provision shall be deemed tolled i.e. , it will not begin to run) for as long as Participant was in violation of that provision. The provisions of Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement shall continue to apply, in accordance with their terms, after the Participant s service has terminated and after provisions of any employment or other agreement between the Corporation and the Participant have lapsed. 14. Representations and Warranties . Participant represents and warrants to the Corporation that Participant has received a copy of the Plan and this Agreement, has read and understands the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, and agrees to be bound by their terms and conditions in all respects. 15. No Limitation on the Corporation s Rights . The granting of Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement shall not and will not in any way affect the Corporation s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, reincorporate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 16. Plan and Agreement Not a Contract of Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement is a contract of employment or Service, and no terms of Participant s employment or Service will be affected in any way by the Plan, this Agreement or related instruments, except to the extent specifically expressed therein. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement will be construed as conferring any legal rights on Participant to continue to be employed or remain in Service, nor will it interfere with the Corporation s or any Affiliate s right to discharge Participant or to deal with Participant regardless of the existence of the Plan or this Agreement. 17. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, and all prior oral and written representations are merged in this Agreement and the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall not in any way affect the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement may be amended, modified, or terminated only in accordance with the Plan. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 18. Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, sent by overnight courier (at the sender s expense), or (if from the Corporation or the Corporation s stock plan administrator) by electronic mail. Notice 
 7 

will be deemed given (a) when delivered personally, (b) if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the U.S. mail, (c) if sent by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent, or (d) when electronically mailed. Notice to the Corporation should be sent to Cboe Global Markets, Inc., 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to Participant should be sent to the mailing address and/or electronic mailing address set forth on the Corporation s records. Either party may change the address to which the other party must give notice under this Section 18 by giving the other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described above or otherwise established by the Corporation or its stock plan administrator. 19. Successors and Assigns . The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns. 20. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by Federal law, the Plan, this Agreement, and documents evidencing rights relating to the Plan or this Agreement will be construed, administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement will be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be fully effective. The jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce (or otherwise relating to), this Agreement will be exclusively in the courts in the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist). 21. Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions set forth in the Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if set forth fully in this Agreement. If the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 23. Waiver; Cumulative Rights . The failure or delay of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of this Agreement will not affect its right to require performance of such provision unless and until such performance has been waived in writing. Each right under this Agreement is cumulative and may be exercised in part or in whole from time to time. 24. Tax Consequences . Participant agrees to determine and be responsible for all tax consequences to Participant with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 25. Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A, including the exceptions and exemptions for short term deferrals, stock rights, and separation pay arrangements. This Agreement and all Restricted Stock Units shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any other 
 8 

agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement, be found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Corporation, and without the consent of Participant, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Section 409A. Notwithstanding the forgoing, no provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee by the Corporation of any particular tax effect to Participant. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payment that is subject to Section 409A and payable upon Participant s termination of employment or other similar event shall not be made unless Participant has experienced a separation from service as defined under Section 409A. Any payment subject to Section 409A that is to be made upon a separation from service to Participant on any date when he or she is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A shall not be paid before the date that is six (6) months following Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, Participant s death. 26. Awards Subject to the Corporation s Recovery of Funds Policy . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement shall be subject to the Corporation s compensation recovery policy, as may be in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the provisions of any such policy required by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations issued by the SEC or any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Stock may be traded. 27. Addendum to Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Participant resides or is employed outside the U.S. or transfers residence or employment outside the U.S., the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions as are set forth in the addendum to this agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, any special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Corporation determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan (or the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer). In all circumstances, the Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 

 9 

Exhibit 10.87 For Employees With Restrictive Covenants 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. Cboe Global Markets, Inc. _________________________________ By: _____________________________ Participant s Name _________________________________ Its: _____________________________ Participant s Signature 

Exhibit A Vesting of the Restricted Stock Units is contingent upon achievement of a Performance Goal tied to Earnings Per Share for the Performance Period. The number of Restricted Stock Units that may vest shall be determined as set forth below: Earnings Per Share Attained Percentage of Restricted Stock Units That Vest ___________ Maximum or greater ___________ ___________ Target ___________ ___________ Threshold ___________ 
 For Earnings Per Share levels that fall between the values shown above, the percentage of Restricted Stock Units that vest will be determined by straight line interpolation, provided that no Restricted Stock Units will vest if the Corporation s Earnings Per Share does not equal or exceed the Threshold amount. Earnings Per Share means earnings per share calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, except that certain adjustments shall be made to eliminate the impact of infrequent, unusual, and/or non-recurring items, such as restructuring charges, significant share repurchase activity, significant income tax credits or charges, acquisitions and divestitures of businesse s, asset impairments, and significant litigation settlements. 
 11 

ADDENDUM CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT - PERFORMACE BASED This Addendum to the Agreement includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed outside of the United States or transfers residence or employment outside the United States. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Agreement or the Plan. 1. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, discretionary, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Unit awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; (e) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock that may be received in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, (i) are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Corporation or the Affiliate that employs Participant (the Employer ), and which is outside the scope of Participant s employment contract, if any, (ii) are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation, and (iii) are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; (f) the Restricted Stock Unit award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation or any Affiliate, nor does it amend any legal relationship or legal entitlement between Participant and the Employer; (g) this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of Participant s further employment for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere with Participant s right or the right of the Corporation or the Employer to terminate Participant s employment relationship at any time with or without cause; 
 12 

(h) unless otherwise agreed with the Corporation, the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of an Affiliate; (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) neither the Corporation, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of any shares of Stock Participant may acquire upon such settlement; (k) in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Restricted Stock Units or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units or shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from Participant s termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; and (l) the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Corporation in its discretion, to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company or to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Corporation. 
 2. Reserved. 3. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Participant acknowledges and agrees that if Participant is subject to tax and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, the Corporation or its Affiliate(s) may be required to withhold or account for taxes and/or social contributions in more than one jurisdiction, in accordance with the methods of withholding described in Section 9 of the Agreement. 4. Data Privacy . (a) Data Collection and Usage . The Corporation and the Employer will collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, specifically, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 13 

(b) Recipients of Data . a. Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Corporation and the Employer transfer Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC (and/or its affiliates, collectively Fidelity ), the designated broker assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Corporation may select a different service provider and share Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. b. Other Service Provider Data Recipients . The Corporation also may transfer Data to other third party service providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. Such third party service providers may include the Corporation s legal counsel as well as its auditor, human resources consultant and payroll vendor. Wherever possible, the Corporation will anonymize data, but Participant understands that his or her Data may need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. c. Securities or Other Regulatory Authorities . In addition to the recipients identified herein and where required under applicable law, Data also may be disclosed to certain securities or other regulatory authorities, including where the Corporation s securities are listed or traded or regulatory filings are made. The legal basis, where required, for such disclosure is compliance with applicable law. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Corporation, Fidelity and other service providers described above are located in the United States. The United States may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country of residence (or country of employment, if different). (d) Legal Basis for Collection, Processing and Transfer of Data . a. Participants within the EU / European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland and the United Kingdom i. The collection, processing and transfer of Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Corporation and Employer s administration of the Plan and Participant s participation in the Plan. ii. When transferring Data to potential recipients outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Corporation and the Employer strive to provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. For further information on the transfer of the Participant s personal data outside of the EU/EEA, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom, the Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 b. Participants outside the EU / EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom 
 14 

i. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, processing and use, in electronic or other form, of Participant s Data by the Corporation and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a non-U.S. data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. Upon transfer of Participant s Data to Fidelity, Participant may be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with Fidelity, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. ii. Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant understands that Participant is providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Participant s employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that Participant may contact his or her human resources representative. 
 (e) Data Retention . Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan or comply with applicable laws. When the Corporation no longer needs the Data, the Corporation will remove it from its systems. (f) Data Subject Rights . Participant understands that Participant may have the right under applicable law to (i) access or copy Data that the Corporation possesses, (ii) rectify incorrect Data, (iii) delete Data, (iv) restrict processing of Data, (v) opt out of the Plan, or (vi) lodge complaints with the competent supervisory authorities in Participant s jurisdiction. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant understands that Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 5. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 6. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and 
 15 

on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 7. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to comply with the Corporation s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to Participant). Participant further acknowledges that, depending on Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Corporation as defined by the laws or regulations in Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Corporation insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should therefore consult Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 8. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Controls . Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 9. Language . If Participant is resident in a country where English is not an official language, Participant acknowledges that the Participant is sufficiently proficient in English to understand the terms and conditions of the Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that it is Participant s express intent that the Agreement, the Addendum and the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units be drawn up in English. If Participant has received the Agreement, the Addendum or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the 
 16 

meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 10. Annex to Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or Addendum to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such special terms and conditions for Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in the annex to this Addendum (the Annex ). Further, if Participant transfers residency and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. In all circumstances, the Annex shall constitute part of this Addendum. 
 17 

ANNEX This Annex to the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units if Participant resides and/or is employed in the country addressed herein or transfers residence or employment to the country addressed herein. If Participant transfers residence and/or employment to another country, the Corporation may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate Participant s transfer. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Annex have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (including the Addendum) or the Plan. Australia 1. Tax Notification . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to conditions in the Act). 2. Offer Document . The Corporation is pleased to provide this offer to participate in the Plan . This offer document sets out information regarding the award for Australian-resident Participants Australian Participants ). It is for informational purposes and is intended to comply with the provisions of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Instrument 22-0283. 
 Additional Documents In addition to the information set out in the Agreement (including the Addendum and this Annex), Participant is also being provided with copies of the following documents: 1. the Plan; and 2. the Plan Prospectus describing the terms of the Plan (the Plan Prospectus and 3. any supplemental documents to the Plan and Plan Prospectus, as necessary. These additional documents provide further information to help Participant make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan Prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. Participant should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. Participant should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement and the additional documents when considering participation in the Plan. General Information Only Any information given by the Corporation or any subsidiary or affiliate in relation to the Restricted Stock Units is general and does not take into account an Australian Participant s objectives, financial situation and needs. Australian Participants should consider obtaining their own financial product advice from an independent person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 18 

Acquisition Price No acquisition price is payable by Participant for the Corporation to grant Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Agreement or for Participant to acquire shares of Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. Shares of Stock A share of common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to an ordinary share of an Australian Corporation. Each holder of a share of common stock is entitled to one vote for every share held. The shares of Stock are traded on Cboe BZX in the United States of America under the symbol CBOE . Shares of Stock are not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Corporation and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions . Risks of Acquiring Shares of Stock This paragraph provides Australian Participants with general information about the risks of acquiring and holding shares of Stock. Before accepting the grant of Restricted Stock Units, Australian Participants should satisfy themselves that they have a sufficient understanding of these matters and should consider whether shares of Stock are a suitable investment for them, having regard to their own investment objectives, financial circumstances and taxation position. (a) Price of shares of Stock may fluctuate: The price at which a share of Stock is quoted on the Cboe BZX may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. Some of the factors that may affect the price of the shares of Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Corporation operates and general operational and business risks. More information about potential factors that could affect the Corporation s business and financial results is included in the Corporation s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Copies of these forms are available at http://www.sec.gov/ and upon request to the Corporation. In addition, Participant should be aware that the value of the shares of Stock Participant may acquire will be affected by the U.S./Australian dollar exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. (b) Trading in shares of Stock may not be liquid: There can be no guarantee that an active market in shares of Stock will continue or that the price of shares of Stock will increase. The number of potential buyers or sellers of shares of Stock on the Cboe BZX 
 19 

may vary at any time. This may increase the volatility of the market price of shares of Stock. It may also affect the prevailing market price at which shareholders are able to sell their shares of Stock. This may result in shareholders receiving a market price for their shares of Stock that is less than the price that shareholders paid. (c) Risk of dilution: In the future, the Corporation may elect to issue stock (or securities convertible into stock) including in connection with fundraisings for acquisitions that the Corporation may decide to make. Shareholders may be diluted as a result of such issues of stock or securities or such issues may reduce the market price of shares of Stock. (d) Dividends on shares of Stock : The Corporation may pay dividends on shares of Stock. Payment of future dividends, and the timing and amount of any dividends the Corporation determines to pay, are at the discretion of the Board. Market Price of shares of Stock in Australian Dollars An Australian Participant can, from time to time, ascertain the market price of the shares of Stock by obtaining that price from the Corporation website http://ir.cboe.com or The Wall Street Journal. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at the website of the Reserve Bank of Australia http://www.rba.gov.au/statistics/frequency/exchange-rates.html ). This will not be a prediction of what the market price per share will be when the Restricted Stock Units vest and the shares of Stock are issued or of the applicable exchange rate on the actual vesting date or the date the shares of Stock are issued. Canada 1. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units : Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or any related document, if Participant is resident or employed in Canada, the Corporation shall have absolute discretion to settle the Restricted Stock Units in shares of Stock or in the form of a cash payment or in any combination of the foregoing. 2. Securities Law Notification : Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she is permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Stock takes place outside of Canada through facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed. The shares of Stock currently are listed on Cboe BZX in the United States. 3. Termination of Employment : Except as may be determined by the Committee and except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of the Agreement, for purposes of Section 4(d) of the Agreement, Participant s Service will be considered terminated as of the date Participant ceases to be an employee of the Corporation (or, if different, the Affiliate to which Participant provides Service) for any reason, whether lawful or otherwise (including, without limitation, by reason of resignation, death, frustration of contract, termination for cause, termination without cause, or constructive dismissal), without regard to any pay in lieu of notice (whether 
 20 

by way of lump sum or salary continuance), benefits continuance, or other termination related payments or benefits, whether pursuant to the common law or otherwise, to which Participant may then be entitled (the Termination Date ). In the event that the Termination Date cannot reasonably be determined under the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Committee and its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Termination Date occurs for purposes of the Plan (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing Service while on any leave of absence). Unless otherwise extended by the Corporation, or as may be required to satisfy the minimum requirements of applicable employment or labour standards legislation, any portion of the award that is not vested on the Termination Date shall terminate immediately and be null and void, and Participant will have no entitlement to further vesting in the Restricted Stock Units or compensation in lieu thereof following the Termination Date, and Participant waives any claim to damages in respect thereof whether related or attributable to any contractual or common law termination entitlements or otherwise. For additional clarity, if applicable employment or labour standards legislation specifically requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be allowed to continue for that minimum notice period but then immediately terminate effective as of the last day of Participant s minimum statutory notice period . Hong Kong 1. Settlement in Shares of Stock . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 2. Disposal of Shares of Stock . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to Participant within six (6) months after the Award Date, Participant agrees that Participant will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Award Date. 3. IMPORTANT NOTICE/WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock issued in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Corporation or an Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 21 

4. Wages . The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units do not form part of Participant s wages for purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. Netherlands 1. Exclusion of Claim : Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant ceasing to have rights under the Plan, whether or not as a result of termination of Participant s Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss of diminution in value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 Philippines 1. Settlement in Cash . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Addendum or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in cash (and shall not be settled in shares of Stock), unless otherwise determined by the Corporation. 
 Singapore 1. Securities Law Information . The grant of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Participant should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and Participant will not be able to make any subsequent sale of shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six (6) months from the Award Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. Switzerland 1. Securities Law Information . Neither the Agreement nor any other materials relating to the grant of Restricted Stock Units (a) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (b) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority , including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority , FINMA. 
 22 

United Kingdom (Including Northern Ireland) 1. Payment of Withholding Taxes . The following provision supplements the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes : Without limitation to the section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes , Participant agrees that Participant is liable for all income tax and employee national insurance contributions or other social contributions or withholding taxes Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Corporation, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Corporation and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on Participant s behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by Participant within 90 days after the U.K. tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. Participant acknowledges that Participant ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Corporation or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Corporation and/or the Employer may recover from Participant at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in section of the Agreement titled Payment of Withholding Taxes . 2. Exclusion of Claim . Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from Participant s ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of Service (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the award of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 3. Section 2 of the Addendum . Section 2 of the Addendum (Participants in the European Union) shall not apply to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 23 

</EX-10.87>

<EX-21.1>
 13
 cboe-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Cboe Bats, LLC Delaware Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc. Delaware Cboe Clear Europe Netherlands Cboe Exchange, Inc. Delaware Cboe Services Company Delaware Cboe Worldwide Holdings Limited United Kingdom Omicron Acquisition Corp. Delaware 
 The above is a list of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. s subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, and the states or jurisdictions in which they are organized. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, excluded from the list are subsidiaries that, if considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as defined by Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 14
 cboe-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors Cboe Global Markets, Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-167506, 333-174344, 333-216375, and 333-225039 on Form S-8, and Nos. 333-215401 and 333-235649 on Form S-3, and Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to No. 333-214488 on Form S-8 to Form S-4) of our reports dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Kansas City, Missouri February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 15
 cboe-20221231xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors Cboe Global Markets, Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-167506, 333-174344, 333-216375, and 333-225039 on Form S-8, Registration Statement Nos. 333-215401 and 333-235649 on Form S-3, and Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333- 214488 on Form S-8 to Form S-4 of our report dated February 21, 2020, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Chicago, Illinois February 18, 2022 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 16
 cboe-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certification Pursuant To Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 I, Edward T. Tilly, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 17, 2023 

/s/ Edward T. Tilly Name: Edward T. Tilly Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 17
 cboe-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification Pursuant To Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 I, Brian N. Schell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 17, 2023 /s/ Brian N. Schell Name: Brian N. Schell Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 18
 cboe-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 /s/ Edward T. Tilly Edward T. Tilly February 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 19
 cboe-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Written Statement of the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 /s/ Brian N. Schell Brian N. Schell February 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 30
 cboe-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 32
 cboe-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 33
 cboe-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 34
 cboe-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

