<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1852736_0001193125-23-066053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5103775</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>468497</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>856816</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1547345</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1089727</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>997600</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-066053.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309154951
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-066053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tristar Acquisition I Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852736
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981587643
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40905
		FILM NUMBER:		23719558

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2870 PEACHTREE RD NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 509
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-327-9294

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2870 PEACHTREE RD NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 509
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-066053.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 d432264d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting ordinary shares of the registrant 
held by non-affiliates 

 of the registrant was 

(based on the closing price of the registrant s ordinary shares on that date as reported on NYSE). 

As of March 6, 2023, the registrant had
 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table of Contents 

TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. FORM 10-K INDEX 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 

2 

PART I 

4 

Item 1. Business 

4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

20 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

55 

Item 2. Properties 

55 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

55 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

55 

PART II 

56 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

56 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

57 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

57 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

62 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

62 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

63 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

63 

Item 9B. Other Information 

64 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

64 

PART III 

65 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

65 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

75 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

75 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

78 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

80 

PART IV 

81 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

81 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

we, us, our, company or our company are to Tristar Acquisition I Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted prior to the consummation of the initial public offering; 

anchor investors are to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors, each of which is not affiliated with any member of our management team and each of which purchased up to 9.9 of the units (or up to 2,277,000 units) in the initial public offering; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

forward purchase agreements are to the forward purchase agreements providing for the sale of forward purchase shares by us to the forward purchase investors in a private placement that will close immediately prior to the closing of our initial business combination; 

forward purchase investors are to certain institutional investors, each of which will enter into a forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase shares are to the Class A ordinary shares purchased pursuant to the forward purchase agreements; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our Sponsor in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described herein; 

initial shareholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to the initial public offering (other than the anchor investors); 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether they are purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

representative or Wells Fargo Securities are to Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, the representative of the underwriters of the initial public offering; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Sponsor are to Tristar Holdings I LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following the initial public offering. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our being a company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses, including the location and industry of such target businesses; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the continued uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance following the initial public offering; 

risks and uncertainties related to the telecommunications, technology and other industries we may target for our initial business combination; or 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on March 5, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. We have entered into a non-binding letter of intent that sets forth the preliminary terms and conditions of a potential business combination with a privately held company that we believe substantially meets many of our criteria and guidelines and with which we have had discussions over an extended period of time. As a result, we now have until July 18, 2023 to complete a business combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by such date (or such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders at a meeting called for such purpose at which the Company s stockholders will be given the opportunity to have their public shares redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s trust account), the Company will then liquidate. No assurances can be made that the Company will successfully negotiate and enter into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry, sector or geography, we intend to target a telecommunications and technology oriented company. Our management team and board of directors Board of Directors and collectively with management, referred to as the team possess a synergistic combination of executive, strategic, operational, financial and transactional experience, and have demonstrated a strong track record of identifying and creating significant shareholder value at a wide array of telecommunications, technology, consulting, healthcare, private equity, venture capital and agricultural companies. We believe that the experience and expertise of our team will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses, enhance our ability to complete a successful business combination and bring value to the business following our initial business combination. Our objective is to generate attractive returns for shareholders and enhance value through both operational improvements and new initiatives to expand the target business organically and/or by strategic acquisitions. Given our team s extensive work and business relationships in this sector, we have direct visibility into the growth prospects and developmental promise of differentiated companies. Our team has decades of experience identifying and understanding the key fundamental theses of our targeted businesses and how management teams can better execute on their stated strategies to deliver value. Our team s past experiences provide a differentiated set of skills that other companies may not possess. We believe that our team s expertise, capabilities, and network provide us with a significant advantage in identifying attractive investments and consummating an initial business combination that will be well-received in the public markets. Business Strategy Our acquisition strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that can benefit from the managerial and operational experience of our officers and directors. We believe that the wide networks of our management team will deliver access to a broad spectrum of opportunities across the telecommunications and technology landscape. We believe fundamental shifts in the telecommunications and technology ecosystems are significantly altering the way people live, work and communicate. We intend to target a company in the telecommunications and technology industries that has a need for business optimization and high-return investment opportunities. Opportunities will be sourced by looking at (A) high-growth providers servicing emerging countries, (B) attractive markets in developed countries, and (C) mature and stable public company subsidiaries that have not been a focus of the existing owner. Opportunities within the telecommunications and technology include, but are not limited to, wireless service providers, wireless infrastructure, fiber optic networks, full-scale telecommunications service providers, software providers, gaming companies, mobile payment providers, and equipment providers. Our management team intends to capitalize on the exponential growth in demand for telecommunications and technology services through the: 

significant investment opportunities provided by high fragmentation; 

growing network and bandwidth demands in mobile data usage since smartphones have entered the market; 

significant backlog of investment capital needed to expand network capacity; 

urgent need for network optimization to service growing demands; and 

antiquated network architecture which needs updating for 5G and beyond. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

These trends were accelerating prior to the 2019 novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak and are likely to continue to accelerate as a result of the pandemic. The telecommunications and technology sectors have remained mission critical to keep economies functioning while fighting COVID-19. Telecommunications and technology companies have provided businesses with essential connectivity and resiliency, facilitated the transition to work-from-home and kept individuals connected and informed during social isolation. In contrast to other industries, telecommunications and technology have been generally exempt from COVID-19 related restrictions. Despite existing high penetration across the industry, 2020 saw an acceleration in broadband growth due to the increased reliance on connectivity and digital services, according to a research report published by Morgan Stanley in December 2020. Growth was driven by the rapid shift to remote work, socialization, learning and doctor experiences, among others, according to the Morgan Stanley report. This increased demand across both rural and urban markets is expected to continue into the future. Telecommunication service revenue growth in the US is expected to be driven by mobile data and fixed broadband revenues, according to an intelligence report published by Research and Markets in July 2020. Mobile data service revenue is expected to grow from 130 billion in 2019 to 211 billion in 2024 at a CAGR of 10 , this report says. In addition, fixed broadband service revenue is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4 from 2019-2024, reaching 77 billion by the end of 2024, according to this report. This is primarily driven by growth in connected devices, fiber-to-the-home or business subscriptions, fixed wireless subscriptions and ARPU over the forecast period, according to the Research and Markets report. With COVID-19 accelerating the need for greater bandwidth through fixed and mobile services, we believe the resulting growth in overall market size will present attractive investment opportunities. We do not intend to limit our search to the telecommunications and technology ecosystems, but will instead target a wide variety of companies that will benefit from the trends detailed in our Business Strategy. We believe that our extensive experience and demonstrated success in both investing and operating businesses has culminated in a unique set of capabilities that will be utilized in generating shareholder returns, such as: 

1. 
 Management and Operating Experience: Our management team has extensive experience helping businesses increase revenue and margins, reduce costs, navigate complex regulatory environments, execute strategic growth plans, evaluate acquisitions and raise capital. Our team has 50 years of combined management experience. Our team (and Board of Directors experience includes long and distinguished careers in a variety of leadership roles at some of the most reputable companies in the world. These companies include AT T Wireless, Tritel, Inc., Parkway Properties, Inc., Sanderson Farms, Nova Towers, Intellicom Wireless Management, Cal-Maine Foods, and Sequential Technology International. 

2. 
 Professional Network: We believe our network provides us with a distinct advantage. Our network is comprised of former colleagues and contacts across our vast professional experience. 

3. 
 Capital Markets and Mergers and Acquisition Expertise: Our management team has held executive positions at public companies, guiding them through strategic transactions, and has significant experience developing public market investor communications and raising debt and equity capital in both public and private markets. Mr. Mounger, our CEO, founded Tritel, Inc. and was CEO during that company s successful IPO in 1999. Tritel raised public equity, which put Tritel s valuation at 2.26 billion. In 2002, shortly after the IPO and while Mr. Mounger remained CEO, Tritel merged with TeleCorp PCS and later was acquired by AT T Wireless in an all-stock transaction at an enterprise value of 5.3 billion. Mr. Dawson, our CFO, facilitated eight strategic acquisitions during his 13 year tenure at Cal-Maine Foods (NASDAQ: CALM). Prior to his time at Cal-Maine Foods, Mr. Dawson successfully led the IPO of Mississippi Chemical Corporation, also serving as its Senior Vice President and CFO. Additionally, Mr. Dawson conducted leveraged lease project finance deals and led a public bond offering during his time at Mississippi Chemical Corporation. 

4. 
 Navigation Relationship: Our relationship with Navigation Capital, its SPAC Operations Group and operating experience and financial wherewithal will provide synergies of a larger organization to our process. Core assets of this platform include coordinated processes and resources, including deep industry knowledge from its professionals, a focus on talent management, a network of senior advisors and adherence to a code of values. We believe Navigation Capital s access and knowledge of acquisition targets provide yet another competitive advantage. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

5. 
 Transaction Structuring, Execution and Integration: Our management team as well as Navigation Capital have significant experience in formulating a variety of structures for companies across a number of industries. Much of this structuring capability is based on familiarity with the key performance indicators and growth metrics of companies in our target industries. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating potential business combination opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to conduct a business combination with a company that we believe: 

has a strong, experienced management team, or provides a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving growth and profitability; 

is a significant player in the telecommunications and technology industries; 

provides a platform for add-on acquisitions, which we believe will be an opportunity for our management team to deliver incremental shareholder value post-acquisition; 

has a defensible market position, with demonstrated advantages when compared to its competitors and which create barriers to entry against new competitors; 

is at an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise, is able to innovate through new operational techniques, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance; 

is a fundamentally sound company that is underperforming its potential; 

exhibits unrecognized value or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital, and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy, that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review; 

will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders, potential upside from growth in the target business and an improved capital structure that will be weighed against any identified downside risks; and 

can benefit from being publicly traded, is prepared to be a publicly traded company, and can utilize access to broader capital markets. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review, which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with members of the target s management and other employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will call upon Mr. Mounger, Mrs. Martine-Dolecki, Mr. Dawson, Mr. Boyd, Mr. Willis, Mr. Jones, Mr. Barksdale, Mr. Parker, and Mr. Rogers own experience, as well as their network of relationships with chief executive officers, board members and members of executive management teams, to provide specialized insights into their areas of expertise as well as leverage their operational and capital planning experience. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm stating that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, certain of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, Navigation Capital and its affiliates, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other SPACs similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account). We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Companies Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aiding in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business combination partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Financial Position With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 232,300,000, after payment of the estimated non-reimbursed expenses of the initial public offering and 10,350,000 aggregate amount of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to the forward purchase agreements or any backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We have entered into a non-binding letter of intent that sets forth the preliminary terms and conditions of a potential business combination with a privately held company that we believe substantially meets many of our criteria and guidelines and with which we have had discussions over an extended period of time. No assurances can be made that the Company will successfully negotiate and enter into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read our prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. Further, we may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the NYSE s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or in the consideration to be paid in the transaction and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and other reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.10 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering but have not completed our initial business combination within such 18 month period) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval, while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with the NYSE rules. If we hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares, and the anchor investors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our founder shares, we would need 8,625,001 / 37.5 , of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. In the event that the anchor investors hold the units they purchased in the initial public offering until prior to our initial business combination and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any of the other public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination for our shareholders to approve our initial business combination. The anchor investors have agreed to vote founder shares they purchase from our Sponsor in favor of our initial business combination, but are not required to vote any of their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or for or against any other matter presented for a shareholder vote. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in 
 15 

Table of Contents 

order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we have only 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our 
 16 

Table of Contents 

remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our Sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 587,546 held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.10. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. Seeking such waivers from third parties, including prospective business combination targets, may deter such parties from entering into agreements with us. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management 
 17 

Table of Contents 

will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.10 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 587,546 from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any 
 18 

Table of Contents 

distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of the initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination, and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 2870 Peachtree Road NW, Suite 509, Atlanta, Georgia 30305. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Internet Address Our company website is located at https://tristaracq.com/ . Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Ability to Identify and Consummate a Business Combination The SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete an initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or cause us to liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures in SEC filings in connection with business combination transactions between SPACs, such as the Company, and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs of negotiating and completing an initial business combination and the time required to consummate an initial business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. Were we to liquidate, our warrants would expire worthless, and our shareholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including any potential price appreciation of our securities. We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with no operating results and no revenues. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. If our Board of Directors determines to complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote, and the anchor investors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them, in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our Sponsor owns 12.63 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,001 / 37.5 , of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote, and the agreements by the anchor investors to vote any founder shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. In the event that the anchor investors hold their units until prior to our initial business combination and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any other public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination for our shareholders to approve our initial business combination. The anchor investors have agreed to vote founder shares they purchase from our Sponsor in favor of our initial business combination but are not required to vote any of their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or for or against any other matter presented for a shareholder vote. Since our anchor investors have the right to acquire certain of our founder shares from our Sponsor, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. At the closing of our initial business combination, Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO) will be entitled to purchase 333,333 founder shares from our Sponsor for 1,000,000, and ten other anchor investors will be entitled to purchase 1,585,000 founder shares from our Sponsor at 0.01 per share. Accordingly, the anchor investors will share in any appreciation in the value of the founder shares above those lower purchase price amounts, provided that we successfully complete a business combination. As a result, the anchor investors may have an incentive to vote any public shares they own in favor of a business combination, and, if a business combination is approved, they may make a substantial profit on such interest, even if the market price of our securities declines in value below the price to the public in the initial public offering and the business combination is not profitable for other public shareholders. In addition, as discussed above, if the anchor investors retain a substantial portion of their interests in our public shares and if the anchor investors vote those public shares in favor of a business combination, we will receive sufficient votes to approve the business combination, regardless of how any other public shareholder votes their shares. You should consider the anchor investors financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with an initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be 
 21 

Table of Contents 

able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission, and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within the prescribed time frame after the closing of the initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering but have not completed our initial business combination within such 18 month period) from the closing of our initial public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a business combination may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 global pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels, all of which may become heightened concerns upon a second wave of infection or future developments. In addition, the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities. The COVID-19 pandemic (including recently discovered variant strains of COVID-19) has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases (including recently discovered variant strains of COVID-19) also could result in, a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the partner business s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, including the safety and efficacy of vaccination programs, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) after the closing of our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) after the closing of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be a healthcare crisis in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the continuing impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes payable, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.10 per public share, or less than 10.10 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per public share and other risk factors herein. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future . In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation of our business combination, at such time our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 150,000,000, the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 40,000,000 and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per public share and other risk factors herein. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) following the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 587,546 are currently available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, are sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) following the closing of our initial public offering; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we may use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.10 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per public share and other risk factors herein. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. Risks Relating to our Financial Condition and Trust Account Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. Seeking such waivers from third parties, including prospective business combination targets, may deter such parties from entering into agreements with us. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the initial public offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, due to the claims of such creditors, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.10 per public share initially held in the trust account. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.10 per public share. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of income taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our Board of Directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we are ordered to be wound up by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands or other competent court or we pass a resolution for voluntary winding up in circumstances where we cannot pay our debts, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable company/debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a voidable preference, fraud in anticipation of winding up or fraud of creditor. As a result, the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands or another Court of competent jurisdiction could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we are ordered to be wound up by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands or other competent court or we pass a resolution for voluntary winding up in circumstances where we cannot pay our debts, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes payable, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of approximately 18,300.00 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management also evaluates the effectiveness of our internal controls and we will disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

As described elsewhere in this Annual Report, we have identified, in light of the unrecorded accrued liability not reported in our previously reported Form 10-K as of December 31, 2021, a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting relating to our unrecorded liability. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Measures to remediate material weaknesses may be time-consuming and costly and there is no assurance that such initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and adversely affect our business and operating results. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. Risks Relating to our Legal and Regulatory Compliance If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Risks Relating to the Terms of Our Securities We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the Board of Directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in our prospectus, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then-outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board of Directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described in the company s prospectus under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described in the prospectus under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. Please see the section of the company s prospectus entitled Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 11,500,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered by our prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 7,345,000 private placement warrants each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our Board of Directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value (as defined in the prospectus) is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described in the prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price as described in the prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Certain of our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Our Sponsor holds 7,345,000 private placement warrants. We expect to account for these as a warrant liability and will record at fair value upon issuance any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by the company based upon a valuation report obtained from its independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. The grant of registration rights to our Sponsor, our directors and the anchor investors may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Our Sponsor, directors, the anchor investors and each of their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such 
 37 

Table of Contents 

warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. Risks Relating to our Potential Business Combination We may face risks related to telecommunications, technology or related businesses. Business combinations with telecommunications, technology or related businesses may involve special considerations and risks. If we complete our initial business combination with a telecommunications, technology or related business, we will be subject to the following risks, any of which could be detrimental to us and the business we acquire: 

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

a reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; 

an inability to deal with our subscribers or customers privacy concerns; 

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we would utilize in our operations; 

an inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license intellectual property to us upon acceptable terms; 

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute; 

competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; 

disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber-attacks, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar events; 

an inability to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support; and 

reliance on third-party vendors or service providers. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to telecommunications, technology or related businesses. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Because we are not limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board of Directors who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 90,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 67,000,000 and 4,250,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in the company s prospectus under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares on a share-for-share basis at the time of our initial business combination. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of the company s prospectus captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations General of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception and the status of an acquired company pursuant to our initial business combination (see the section of the prospectus captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations U.S. Holders Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules ). Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed discussion of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the section of the prospectus captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations U.S. Holders Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules. We may reincorporate or become a tax resident in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation or change in tax residency may result in taxes imposed on us or our shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. Tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes, or other adverse tax consequences, with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. In addition, regardless of whether we reincorporate in another jurisdiction, we could be treated as tax resident in the jurisdiction in which the partner company or business is located, which could result in adverse tax consequences to us (e.g., taxation on our worldwide income in such jurisdiction) and to our shareholders or warrant holders. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. Risks Relating to Our Management and Key Personnel We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place, which could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management would possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of 
 43 

Table of Contents 

our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance herein. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Members of our management team and Board of Directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated or relating to other actual or alleged misconduct, unrelated to our business affairs. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. During the course of their careers, members of our management team and Board of Directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs of such companies or transactions entered into by such companies or relating to actual or alleged misconduct or other negative developments relating to their affairs unrelated to our company. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s and directors attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Our directors, management, shareholders, employees and affiliates may from time to time be subject to negative publicity or legal proceedings, which could adversely affect our reputation and may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. Negative publicity about our shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers and other employees can harm our brand and reputation. However, we do not have control or have limited control over the actions of these parties, and any misbehavior or misconduct by these parties could bring us negative publicity or even liability. In addition, our shareholders, directors, employees and affiliates may from time to time be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, proceedings and/or disputes or otherwise face potential liability and expense in relation to commercial, labor, employment, securities, tax or other matters, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. See the section of the company s prospectus entitled Description of Securities Certain Differences in Corporate Law Shareholders Suits for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described in the company s prospectus under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in the prospectus under the caption Proposed Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination, and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Since our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they have or may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. In March 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.0035 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Also in March 2021, our Sponsor assigned 50,000 of such founder shares (25,000 shares each) to Timothy Dawson, our Chief Financial Officer, and Cathy-Ann Martine-Dolecki, our Chief Operating Officer, in each case, at their original purchase price. In August 2021, our Sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 of such founder shares in the aggregate for no consideration. In November 2021, our Sponsor transferred 150,000 of such founder shares (25,000 shares each) to David Barksdale, Greg Boyd, David Jones, Alex Parker, Steven Rogers, and Robert Willis, each a director of the Company, in each case for their par value. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. However, since our Sponsor, together with such officers, only paid 25,000, or approximately 0.0035 per share, for their founder shares and we offered the units for 230,000,000, or 10.00 per unit, the Sponsor and such officers could make a substantial profit on their investment in the founder shares after an initial business combination even if you or other purchasers of Class A ordinary shares experience substantial losses on an investment in the units offered hereby or Class A ordinary shares, which in turn may potentially create different interests between the Sponsor, on the one hand, and you or other purchasers of units or Class A ordinary shares, on the other hand, to complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 7,345,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 7,345,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that will closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. If we do not consummate an initial business within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month (or 21-month, as applicable) anniversary of the closing of the initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. Risks Relating to Financing any Business Combination We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet engaged in diligence of our prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will 
 46 

Table of Contents 

expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.10 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.10. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the initial public offering (after deducting the underwriting commission payable at closing and estimated non-reimbursed offering expenses) and the sale of the private placement warrants will provide us with up to 232,300,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 10,350,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated non-reimbursed expenses of the initial public offering). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. Risks Relating to an Investment in our Units Generally We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant 
 48 

Table of Contents 

agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then-outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our Sponsor, executive officers, and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate 
 49 

Table of Contents 

amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes payable, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers, or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our Sponsor owns 12.63 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our Sponsor purchases any units or Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our Board of Directors whose members were appointed by our Sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered Board of Directors only a minority of the Board of Directors will be considered for appointment and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares 
 50 

Table of Contents 

held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following September 30. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that may increase both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with any new or changing laws and regulations are likely to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and other legislation and common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, shareholders of a Cayman Islands company may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive , and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a prior Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, inconsistent with a prior foreign judgment between the same parties on the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent judicial or arbitral proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the Board of Directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an 
 52 

Table of Contents 

early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Since holders of our founder shares are the only shareholders of the Company that will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 
 53 

Table of Contents 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

epidemics and pandemics; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We currently utilize office space at 2870 Peachtree Road NW, Suite 509, Atlanta, Georgia 30305 leased from our Sponsor and the members of our management team as our executive offices. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the NYSE under the symbols TRIS.U, TRIS and TRIS.WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 18, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on December 6, 2021. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 8 registered holders of record of Class A ordinary shares. A substantially greater number of holders of Class A ordinary shares are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities In March 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.0035 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Also in March 2021, our Sponsor transferred 50,000 of such shares (25,000 shares each) to Timothy Dawson, our Chief Financial Officer, and Cathy-Ann Martine-Dolecki, our Chief Operating Officer, in each case, at their original purchase price. In August 2021, our Sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 of such Class B ordinary shares in the aggregate for no consideration. In November 2021, our Sponsor transferred 150,000 of such founder shares (25,000 shares each) to David Barksdale, Greg Boyd, David Jones, Alex Parker, Steven Rogers, and Robert Willis, each a director of the Company, in each case for their par value. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding equal 20.0 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof as described in the company s prospectus. In connection with the closing the initial public offering (the IPO ), our Sponsor sold 333,333 founder shares to Cable One, Inc. (NYSE: CABO) (one of the anchor investors) for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000,000. Also in connection with the closing of the IPO, our Sponsor sold founder shares to ten other anchor investors (for an aggregate of 1,585,000 founder shares to all such other investors) at a purchase price of 0.01 per share. Our Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 7,345,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 7,345,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that will closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans None. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on March 5, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We have entered into a non-binding letter of intent that sets forth the preliminary terms and conditions of a potential business combination with a privately held company that we believe substantially meets many of our criteria and guidelines and with which we have had discussions over an extended period of time. No assurances can be made that the Company will successfully negotiate and enter into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. The issuance of additional shares in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 57 

Table of Contents 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had 587,546 of cash, and no deferred offering costs. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, which was consummated on October 18, 2021, and since the initial public offering, searching for a prospective initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern Our liquidity needs have been satisfied through (i) 25,000 paid by our Sponsor to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to our Sponsor, (ii) the receipt of loans to us of 300,000 by our Sponsor under an unsecured promissory note, (iii) and the net proceeds from the consummation of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. The net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in the initial public offering, after deducting estimated non-reimbursed offering expenses of 1,003,989, underwriting commissions of 4,600,000 (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of 10,350,000), and (ii) the sale of the private placement warrants for a purchase price of 7,345,000 was 234,041,011. As of December 31, 2022, 235,933,946 is held in the trust account, which includes the deferred underwriting commissions described above. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining cash not held in the trust account is 587,546. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay income taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we have available to us the 587,546 of proceeds held outside the trust account, as well as certain funds from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team. We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

The Company may need to raise additional capital in order to operate our business prior to our initial business combination through loans or additional investments. The Company s officers, directors, Sponsor or affiliate of our Sponsor may, but are not obligated to loan the Company funds to meet working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. After entering into a non-binding letter of intent, the Company has until July 18, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension not requested by the Sponsor, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur and an extension is not requested by the Sponsor, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after July 18, 2023. We could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately 582,400 for directors and officers insurance premiums, 700,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; 200,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations; 10,000 per month (or up to 240,000 in total) for office space and administrative and support services; 85,000 for the NYSE continued listing fees; and 425,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Ordinary Shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Offering Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering The Company complies with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A- Expenses of Offering . Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs directly attributable to the issuance of an equity contract to be classified in equity are recorded as a reduction in equity. Offering costs for equity contracts that are classified as assets and liabilities are expensed immediately. The Company incurred offering costs amounting to 25,995,754, consisting of 4,600,000 of underwriting fees, 10,350,000 of deferred underwriting fees, 12,546,764 for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the anchor investors (see Note 6), and 1,003,989 of offering costs, partially offset by the reimbursement of 2,505,000 of offering expenses by the underwriters. Of the 25,995,754 in offering costs, 24,414,399 were charged to shareholders deficit, and 1,581,355 were expensed immediately. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Derivative instruments are initially recorded at fair value on the grant date and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Warrant Liabilities The Company evaluated the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants (collectively, Warrants ), in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, and concluded that a provision in the Warrant Agreement related to certain tender or exchange offers precludes the Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants are recorded as derivative liabilities on the balance sheet and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the IPO) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations in the period of change. Net Income Per Ordinary Share The Company applies the two-class method in calculating net loss per ordinary share. The contractual formula utilized to calculate the redemption amount approximates fair value. The Class feature to redeem at fair value means that there is effectively only one class of ordinary share. Changes in fair value are not considered a dividend of the purposes of the numerator in the earnings per share calculation. Net loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing the pro rata net loss between the Class A ordinary share and the Class B ordinary share by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding. The calculation of diluted loss per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants and rights issued in connection with the Public Offering since the exercise of the warrants and rights are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The warrants and rights are exercisable for 18,845,000 Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

We are required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning with this Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We are not currently required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on internal control over financial reporting. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: 

staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; 

reconciliation of accounts; 

proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; 

evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; 

documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and 

documentation of accounting policies and procedures. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. Once our management s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this Annual Report as we have not conducted any operations to date. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

JOBS Act The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the principal executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-5 of this Annual Report. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page

Financial Statements of Tristar Acquisition I Corp.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-1

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 5, 2021 (inception through December 31, 2021 

F-2

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-3

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-5

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Tristar Acquisition I Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Tristar Acquisition I Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes 

(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon the consummation of a business combination and it lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Further, if the Company does not complete a business combination by July 18, 2023, or obtain approval for an extension of this deadline, it will be required to cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe 
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 9
, 2023 

Table of Contents 

TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022

2021

ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Prepaid expenses, net of current portion

Investments held in trust account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:

Derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Total long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 6)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, at and redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Shareholders deficit:

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total shareholders 
 deficit

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31,

 2022

For the

 Period from March 5, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021

General and administrative expenses

() 

() 

Loss from operations

() 

() 
 
 Other income

Interest income

Interest income - investments
 held in trust

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Total other income

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible 
redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE PERIOD MARCH 5, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022

Ordinary Shares

Additional Paid-in

Capital

Total Shareholders Deficit

Class A

Class B

Accumulated Deficit

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance -March 5, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Ex c
e ss
 cash received over fair value of private placement warrants

Founder share anchor investor contribution

Remeasurement
 of Class A ordinary share subject to redemption

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance - December 31, 2021

() 

() 
 
 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption as of December 31, 2022

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance December 31, 2022

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the

 Period from March 5, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Change in derivative warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Interest income earned on investments held in trust account 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Accounts payable

() 

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Cash deposited into trust account

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from promissory note - related party

Payment of promissory note - related party

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Payment of offering costs

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale of Units in Public Offering

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities

() 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH

() 

CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD

CASH END OF PERIOD

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH
 ACTIVITIES:

Deferred underwriting commission charged to Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption.

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount as of December 31, 2022

Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). 

 The Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering IPO described below and since completion of the IPO, searching for a target with which to consummate a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
 income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 st
 as its fiscal year end. 
 The Company s sponsor is Tristar Holdings I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). 

 Initial Public Offering 

The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 13, 2021. On October 18, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. On November 3, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units, generating gross proceeds of million, which is described in Note 3. 

 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Tristar Holdings I LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

 Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the anchor investors (see Note 5), and of offering costs, partially offset by the reimbursement of of offering expenses by the underwriters. The Company s remaining cash after payment of the offering costs is held outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. 

 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment option, an amount of from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and is invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within months (or 

 months from the effective date of the registration statement if the Company has executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for its initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering but has not completed its initial business combination within such 18 month period) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; and (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within 

 months (or 
 months, as applicable) from the effective date of the registration statement or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or

F-5 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 Description of Organization and Business Operations and Liquidity - Continued 

per share at December 31, 2022), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Class A ordinary shares are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity

 ASC 480 ). 

 The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon consummation of such Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as then in effect (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders, anchor investors, and management team have agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them, and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

 The initial shareholders (as described in Note 5) have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares they hold in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within months (or months, as applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
 Business Combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within months (or months, as applicable) from the Initial Public Offering. However, if the initial shareholders or anchor investors acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below). 

F-6 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 Description of Organization and Business Operations and Liquidity - Continued 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

 In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022 and ,
 2021, the Company had cash outside the Trust Account of and 
 , respectively, available for working capital needs. All remaining cash held in the Trust Account are generally unavailable for the Company s use, prior to an initial business combination, and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of the amount in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above. 

Until consummation of its Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5) for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Other than the Working Capital Loans (as described in Note 5), the Company cannot provide assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 Description of Organization and Business Operations and Liquidity - Continued 

F-8 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets.

F-9 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the anchor investors (see Note 5), and of offering costs, partially offset by the reimbursement of of offering expenses by the underwriters. Of the in offering costs, were charged to shareholders deficit, and 
 were expensed in the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

shares of Class A ordinary share in the aggregate. 

Denominator: Redeemable Class A ordinary shares,

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share, Redeemable Class A ordinary share

Non-redeemable
 ordinary shares

Numerator: Net income allocable to Class B ordinary shares not subject to redemption

Net income allocable to Class B ordinary shares not subject to redemption

Denominator: Weighted Average non-redeemable
 Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). The Company granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days from the date of the prospectus, October 13, 2021, to purchase up to additional Units. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option on November 3, 2021 by purchasing Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half
 of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. On November 3, 2021, pursuant to the underwriters exercising the additional Units (see Note 4), the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of . 

 Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value per share (the Founder Shares ), and fully paid for those shares on March 19, 2021. In August 2021, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Founder Shares from to . All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share forfeiture. 

 The initial shareholders have agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the earlier of (i) after the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 In March 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares shares each) to the chief financial officer and chief operating officer at their original purchase price. In November 2021, the Sponsor transferred a total of Founder Shares to six director nominees shares to each director nominee) for no consideration. The Company estimated the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the director nominees to be or per share. The transfer of Founder Shares is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date and expensed when earned. Shares granted to the directors, chief financial officer and chief operating officer are forfeited if their status as director or officer is terminated for any reason prior to the date of the initial Business Combination, and as such, there has been no stock-based compensation expense recognized in the accompanying financial statements. 

F-13 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 5 Related Party Transactions - Continued 

per unit. Pursuant to such units, the anchor investors have not been granted any shareholder or other rights in addition to those afforded to the Company s other public shareholders. Further, the anchor investors are not required to (i) hold any units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants they may purchase in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (ii) vote any Class A ordinary shares they may own at the applicable time in favor of the Business Combination or (iii) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their public shares at the time of the Business Combination. The anchor investors will have the same rights to the funds held in the trust account with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the units purchased in the Initial Public Offering as the rights afforded to the Company s other public shareholders. 

 Each anchor investor has entered into separate investment agreements with the Company and the Sponsor pursuant to which each anchor investor agreed to purchase a specified number of Founder Shares. One anchor investor purchased Founder Shares at a purchase price of per share. In addition, the Sponsor sold to the other ten anchor investors an aggregate of of Founder Shares at a purchase price of per share. Pursuant to the investment agreements, the anchor investors have agreed to (a) vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of the Business Combination and (b) subject any Founder Shares held by them to the same lock-up
 restrictions as the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor. 
 The Company estimated the fair value at the time of the transfer 

of the Founder Shares attributable to the anchor investors to be or per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost will be allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities will be expensed immediately in the statement s
 of operations. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares will be charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

 Promissory Note Related Party 

On March 9, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note was amended in April, 2021 and then again in May, 2021, to increase the aggregate principal balance ultimately up to . This loan was non-interest
 bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) September 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note was repaid on October 18, 2021 upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 
 Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company has entered into an agreement with the Sponsor, to pay a total of per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services. Upon the completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company owes the Sponsor and respectively, and is included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet s
. 

 Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans could be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust 

F-14 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 5 Related Party Transactions - Continued 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

 per Public Unit Offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Initial Public Offering and over-allotment option. The underwriting discount was paid in cash. In addition, the Company has agreed to pay deferred underwriting commissions of per Public Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred underwriting commission will become payable to the underwriters from the amount held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, including the performance of services specified therein. 

 Forward Purchase Agreements 

On June 21, 2021 and July 26, 2021, respectively, the Company entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which one anchor investor and one institutional accredited investor that are not affiliated with the Sponsor or any member of the Company s management, have subscribed to purchase from the Company an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share as described in the forward purchase agreements, each in a private placement that will close immediately prior to the closing of our initial Business Combination. The terms of the forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being sold in this offering, except that they will have registration rights and rights of first refusal with respect to any business combination financing, as described in the forward purchase agreements. One of the forward purchase investors may elect, in its sole discretion, to purchase convertible debt securities or non-convertible debt
 instruments in lieu of the forward purchase shares, or a combination thereof, for an aggregate purchase price of up to . 
 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within business 

F-15 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 7 Warrant Liability - Continued 

after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

 The warrants will have an exercise price of per share. If (x) the Company issues additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) (with such issue price or effective issue price 

to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of each warrant will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to of the higher of (i) the Market Value and (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of (i) the Market Value and (ii) the Newly Issued Price. 
 The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants, except that (1) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (2) the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable (except
 as described below) so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (3) the Private Placement Warrants may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (4) the holders of the Private Placement Warrants (including with respect to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) are entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 
 The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for split-up of
 ordinary shares, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within the -trading day
 period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 

 In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, 

holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

F-16 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 7 Warrant Liability - Continued 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40.
 Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. 
 The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the warrants as derivative liabilities at fair value upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants have been allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to its fair value. These warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement
 at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement,
 the warrant liability will be adjusted to its current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 
 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021
, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 
 Class

B Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021
, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 Shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders; provided that, prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to elect all of the Company s directors and remove members of the Company s board of directors for any reason. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the Company s election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the Company s board of directors for any reason. These provisions of the Company s memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to the initial Business Combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by no less than two-thirds of
 the Company s ordinary shares who attend and vote at the Company s general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the Company s Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law. 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holders, on a one-for-one basis.

 In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination). 
 Preferred Shares

The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred shares, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021
, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 8 Shareholders Deficit - Continued 

Total

As of December 31, 2021

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Assets:

Investments held in Trust Account

Total

As of December 31, 2022

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Liabilities:

Warrant liability Public Warrants

Warrant liability - Private Placement Warrants

Total

As of December 31, 2021

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Liabilities:

Warrant liability Public Warrants

Warrant liability - Private Placement Warrants

Total

F-18 

Table of Contents 
 TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 9 Fair Value Measurements - Continued 

Exercise price

Dividend yield

Expected term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Fair value

Initial measurement at November 3, 2021

Change in fair value of Private Warrants

Transfer to Level 1

Fair value at December 31, 2021

Change in fair value of Private Warrants

()

Fair value at December 31, 2022

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting p erio
d in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occur s.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Our Disclosure Controls and Procedures We are required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning with this Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We are not currently required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on internal control over financial reporting. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Under the supervision and with the participation of our internal control specialist and our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial, accounting officer and our internal auditor have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due solely to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to the unrecorded liability totaling 103,359 from the New York Stock Exchange for the annual listing fee as of and for the period ended December 31, 2021. As a result, we performed additional analyses as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting process. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: 

staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; 

reconciliation of accounts; 

proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; 

evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; 

documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and 

documentation of accounting policies and procedures. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. Once our management s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent registered public accounting firm to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent registered public accounting firm may identify additional issues concerning a target business s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting noted previously. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting as described below. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have commenced our remediation efforts in connection with the identification of the material weakness discussed above and have taken the following steps during the third and fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022: 

We have implemented procedures to identify all our accrued liabilities through communication with management and third party vendors for services performed but not billed before preparing the financial statements. 

All expense classifications are approved by the chief financial officer before recorded to the accounting records. 

We have engaged an internal audit specialist who reviews on an annual basis the internal controls of the Company and quarterly provides a review of the 10-Q reports. Other than the changes discussed above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

William M. Mounger II 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Cathy Martine-Dolecki 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Timothy Dawson 
 
 69 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Robert Willis 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Greg Boyd 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 David Jones 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 David Barksdale 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Alex Parker 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Rogers 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 William M. Mounger II serves as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mounger is a highly-experienced executive with over 40 years of successfully founding, building, leading and advising corporations within the telecommunication and wireless industries. With his operational and investment experience, Mr. Mounger has raised capital, navigated the initial public offering process, and been directly involved in multiple mergers and acquisitions. Since October 2002, Mr. Mounger has been serving as Chairman and CEO of Tristar Technologies, LLC, a telecom and technology search firm. In July 2014, Mr. Mounger founded Tristar License Group, LLC, to develop and acquire Advanced Wireless Services (AWS-3) spectrum licenses in FCC Auction 97. Since its inception, Mr. Mounger has been serving as the manager of Tristar License Group. In addition, Mr. Mounger founded two additional companies for the acquisition and development of wireless spectrum licenses in two separate FCC auctions. In August 2015, Mr. Mounger founded Tstar 600, LLC to participate in FCC Auction 1002 for 600 MHz spectrum licenses. In August 2020, Mr. Mounger founded Widespread Wireless, LLC to participate in FCC Auction 107 for C-Band 3.7 3.98 GHz spectrum licenses. Mr. Mounger currently serves as the manager at Widespread Wireless, where he focuses on the acquisition and build-out of wireless spectrum licenses using private equity capital. In December 2013, Mr. Mounger founded Nova Towers Holdings, LLC and served as a manager until January 2017. At Nova Towers Holdings, Mr. Mounger worked with Nova Towers, LLC and with AT T Wireless as one of five approved vendors to build communication towers. Mr. Mounger also founded Tritel Inc. (NASDAQ: TTEL) and served as Chairman and CEO from January 2000 to April 2000. Tritel had its initial public offering in 1999. During Mr. Mounger s tenure, Tritel merged with TeleCorp PCS (NASDAQ: TLCP) in 2000. From April 2000 to October 2002, he served as Chairman of TeleCorp PCS. TeleCorp provided digital wireless services under the SunCom and AT T brands in 14 states and Puerto Rico. In 2002, TeleCorp was acquired by AT T Wireless. In addition to his time at Tritel and TeleCorp, Mr. Mounger s extensive experience in the telecommunications industry includes his role as the former Chairman of the Cellular One Advisory Council and former board member of the Wireless Infrastructure Association. Mr. Mounger has been a board member of the CTIA The Wireless Association since January 2017. He has also founded and sold companies such as Continuum 700 to acquire wireless spectrum licenses at FCC held auctions. From January 1990 until the formation of Tritel in January 1999, he was President of Mercury Communications Company, a cellular operating company, where he was involved with the management and operation of numerous wireless telecommunication ventures. At Mercury Communications Company, Mr. Mounger built, operated, and managed rural cellular telephone systems for third-party cellular license holders. He worked with financial institutions as well as Novatel Wireless to build-out its systems. Mercury s operating markets were branded under CellularOne and operated in MS, AR, KY, WV, FL, WA, AK, OH and IL. From 1993 to 1996, he sold the markets managed by Mercury in several multi-stage transactions to McCaw Cellular, U.S. Cellular, Horizon, and CenturyTel Enterprises. Alongside these roles, since June 2015, Mr. Mounger has been serving as the Chairman of Delta Industries, a multi-state concrete operator. He has also been a board member at Delta Industries since December 2014. In addition, Mr. Mounger has been a Commissioner of the Mississippi Commission on Wildlife, Fisheries, and Parks since July 2017 and is involved in many charitable and civic organizations. Mr. Mounger graduated magna cum laude with a B.A. from Vanderbilt University and holds an M.A. from Reformed Theological Seminary. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Cathy Martine-Dolecki serves as our Chief Operating Officer and a Director. Mrs. Martine-Dolecki is a highly experienced and accomplished executive with more than 30 years of experience across the global telecommunications industry. From November 2020 to December 2020, Mrs. Martine-Dolecki was a Board Member at TESSCO Technologies Incorporated (NASDAQ: TESS), a technology distributor and manufacturer serving commercial customers in the wireless space. Her various board positions and extensive executive experience at AT T (NYSE: T) provide for her robust operational skillset and ability to create value and drive growth. As the former President of National Business at AT T from January 2015 to March 2017, she led a team of over 7,000 sales associates. During her time, she led a multi-billion dollar business unit based on revenues. Prior to her role at National Business, she was the President of Enterprise Business Solutions at AT T from January 2013 to December 2014. From January 2008 to December 2012, she was President of AT T Small Business Solutions, a multi-billion dollar business unit based on revenues, with overall responsibilities for the sales, distribution, marketing and product management of solutions for businesses with up to 500 employees. Her experience at AT T also includes serving as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Midwest (formerly Ameritech) and East (formerly SNET) regions from January 2008 to December 2012. In that role, Mrs. Martine-Dolecki led one of AT T s largest business units, serving appropriately 95 of AT T s business customers in the United States. Mrs. Martine-Dolecki previously served as a board member of Legal Shield, a portfolio company owned by Mid Ocean Partners from January 2013 to May 2018. She joined and is currently serving on the Americas executive board at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management. Mrs. Martine-Dolecki graduated summa cum laude with a B.A. in Economics from the College of Mount Saint Vincent, holds a M.S. in General Management from M.I.T. where she was a Sloan Fellow, and an M.B.A. from New York University s Stern School of Business. Timothy Dawson serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Dawson has over 30 years of executive corporate financial experience in various roles across public and private companies. His experience financing and restructuring the capital stack of public and private firms, executing bond issuances, and facilitating mergers and acquisitions provide him with a robust skill set in managing public company financial operations. From August 2005 to October 2018, Mr. Dawson served as the Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee of Cal-Maine Foods (NASDAQ: CALM), the largest producer and distributor of fresh eggs in the U.S. During his 13-year tenure as CFO, he facilitated eight strategic acquisitions for the firm. Additionally, as one of the three members of Cal-Maine s Executive Committee Mr. Dawson oversaw the Information Technology and Human Resources departments at the firm. Prior to his position at Cal-Maine Foods, in January 1996 Mr. Dawson became the Vice-President of Finance and the Chief Financial Officer of the Mississippi Chemical Corporations, a nitrogen, phosphate and potash-based fertilizer manufacturer. In January 1999, Mr. Dawson was promoted to Senior Vice President and CFO and served until December 2004. At Mississippi Chemical Corporation. Mr. Dawson facilitated the firm s conversion from a cooperative to a public company, leading to a successful initial public offering in 1994, as well as overseeing its eventual sale to Terra Industries, Inc. in 2004. During his tenure at Mississippi Chemical Corporation, Mr. Dawson also conducted a 350 million leveraged lease with GE Capital on a newsprint mill and a 250 million project finance deal through a joint venture for an ammonia plant in Trinidad. Mr. Dawson also led a 200 million public bond offering for the company. From May 1975 to June 1979, Mr. Dawson was the Exports Accountant and held multiple accounting related positions at Cook Industries, a publicly traded international grain business and at the time the 3rd largest grain exporter in the U.S. Mr. Dawson graduated with special distinction from Mississippi State University with a Bachelor of Accountancy, and holds an M.B.A. from Millsaps College. Robert Willis serves as a Director. Mr. Willis brings more than 30 years of leadership and entrepreneurial experience and has sourced and led control transactions in various industries including online gaming, computer software, natural resources and among others. Mr. Willis is qualified to serve as our Director because of his operational experience, his capital market expertise, and his investment experience in identifying, evaluating, and structuring acquisition opportunities. Mr. Willis is a co-founder of Navigation Capital Partners L.P. In addition to his role at Navigation Capital, Mr. Willis served as President of Pensare Acquisition Corporation (NASDAQ: WRLS), which completed an acquisition in April 2020 and was renamed to American Virtual Cloud Technologies (NASDAQ: AVCT), where Mr. Willis is still an advisor. He was a key financial architect of Pensare s successful acquisition of Computex Technology Solutions and AVC Technologies contract with AT T. Prior to co-founding Navigation Capital, Mr. Willis served as the President of Nsoro, LLC in 2007. In such capacity, he negotiated the acquisition of the business by MasTec (NYSE: MTZ) and following its acquisition, served in an advisory role from 2010 through July 2016. From December 2013 until December 2015, Mr. Willis served as the chairman of U.S. Shale Solutions, Inc., a shale services company which he founded in 2013. In 2004, Mr. Willis founded Gaming VC Holdings, now named Entain plc (LSE: ENT) which listed on the London Stock Exchange. Mr. Willis served as the financial director of Entain until 2006. Entain is now one of the world s largest gaming groups, employing more than 24,000 people in 20 offices across the five continents. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Greg Boyd serves as a Director. Mr. Boyd has extensive experience within the telecommunications industry, founding and successfully exiting more than eight companies in the cell tower vertical. In July 1994, Mr. Boyd founded the Intellicom Wireless Management, Inc. Mr. Boyd is currently the Founder and the Chief Executive Officer of Intellicom Wireless Management, Inc., which has managed the development, construction and/or infrastructure coordination of over 800 communication towers throughout the U.S. since February 2000. In December 2011, he also founded Nova Towers, LLC and since its inception, has served as its Chief Operating Officer. Nova Towers, LLC has been selected by AT T as one of five approved U.S. BTS vendors. Mr. Boyd s vast mergers and acquisitions history and transactional experience with the sales of his previous ventures provides a unique insight on value creation within the cell tower vertical. His previous experience includes positions with Motorola (NYSE: MSI) as the Southeastern Business Manager from 1988 to 1994 and as a Regional Manager from 1997 to 1998 at MJA Communications Corp., the latter of which helped launch AT T s initial PCS buildout across the southeast U.S. Mr. Boyd received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Auburn University. David Jones serves as a Director. He is the founder and chairman of Chrysalis Ventures, a venture capital firm that has invested in technology-enabled businesses since 1993. At Chrysalis Ventures, Mr. Jones has worked with and served on the boards of many growth companies in the Midwest and South, including Appriss, Inc., Tritel Communications (founded and led by Mr. Mounger), which went public and was later sold to AT T Wireless, Regent Communications, a radio station consolidator which was acquired by Jacor Communications, and High Speed Access Corp., which went public and later was sold to Charter Communications. Mr. Jones currently serves on the board of directors at Humana, Inc. (NYSE: HUM), a healthcare company where he was Vice-Chair from 1996 to 2005 and Chairman from 2005 to 2010. Mr. Jones chairs the board s nominating and governance committee and serves on its compensation and executive committees. He is also a director of the following companies: New Life Solution, Inc. (d.b.a. meQuilibrium), a digital coaching and analytics company where he chairs the board s audit committee; Confluent Health, a company that operates outpatient physical therapy clinics and provides clinician education services, where Mr. Jones chairs the board s audit committee. Mr. Jones also serves on the boards of The Humana Foundation, a non-profit organization that invests in community well-being by focusing on the social determinants of health and on the board of the C.E. S. Foundation. Mr. Jones previously served on the boards of ACCH Holdings (formerly known as HCCA Holdco, LLC), a healthcare staffing and clinical process outsourcing company, from September 2002 to August 2016 and of Connecture, Inc., a provider of health insurance sales and service automation software, from March 2004 to 2019. In addition, he was on the boards of MyHealthDirect, Inc., a provider of healthcare coordination software, from December 2009 to December 2017 and of Insider Media Group, a local media startup in Louisville, KY. Mr. Jones has a B.A., magna cum laude , from Yale University and a J.D. from Yale University Law School. Prior to founding Chrysalis Ventures, he practiced law in the U.S. Department of State Legal Adviser s office in Washington and in a commercial law firm. David Barksdale serves as a Director. Mr. Barksdale has 15 years of legal, operating, and principal investing experience. As a result of his broad range of business and legal experience, Mr. Barksdale brings valuable business development, technology, and investing experience to the Board. Mr. Barksdale currently serves as a Principal at Alluvian Capital, LLC, a privately held company with diversified investments in the telecommunications and software industries. Previously, he was Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Spread Networks, LCC, which was acquired by Zayo Group (NYSE: ZAYO) in 2018. During his tenure as CEO, Spread Networks completed construction of its Chicago-to-New York fiber optic network and expansion of services throughout the greater Chicago and New York markets. Mr. Barksdale served as a Director at Sanderson Farms (NASDAQ: SAFM), the third largest poultry producer in the U.S. with a market capitalization of 3.1 billion, until its sale to Cargill, Incorporated and Wayne Farms LLC. He also serves as the vice chairman of the Greater New Orleans Foundation, a nonprofit organization. Mr. Barksdale was previously an attorney in the New York office of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen Hamilton LLP. Mr. Barksdale holds a J.D. from New York University School of Law and a B.A. from Tulane University. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Alex Parker serves as a Director. Since May 2020, Mr. Parker has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Sequential Technology International (STI). STI is a global provider of BPO, SaaS and Consulting Services. Previously, Mr. Parker was the Senior Vice President of Service Delivery Excellence at AT T from September 2018 to May 2020. During this time, Mr. Parker is the CEO of Sequential Technology International. Previously, he was the Senior Vice President of Service Excellence at AT T, where he ran global provisioning operations and led a team of over 5,000 people. From June 2017 to September 2018, Mr. Parker was the Senior Vice President of AT T s State, Local and Education, where he covered more than 50,000 customers while generating over 2.5 billion in revenue. Additionally, from June 2016 to June 2017, as Senior Vice President of Global Solutions and Sales Operations at AT T, Mr. Parker supported a global team of more than 2,000 associates and was responsible for executing deal negotiation, solution design, contracting and compensation strategy. Mr. Parker also held positions abroad during his tenure at AT T. From November 2011 to July 2014, Mr. Parker was the Vice President of Global Service Management in London, England, where he was responsible for the overall customer experience across Europe, Middle East and Africa, Canada, Caribbean and Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Mr. Parker is an advisory board member of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement and a board member of the Grapevine-Colleyville ISD Education Foundation. Mr. Parker holds a B.S. in computer science from the Georgia Institute of Technology and a Master of International Business degree from Saint Louis University. Steven Rogers serves as a Director. Mr. Rogers has 38 years of commercial real estate investment experience to identify and evaluate acquisition opportunities. In 2011, Mr. Rogers founded and currently serves as the manager of Rogers Associates, LLC, a firm that provides specialized solutions for principals and institutional owners in the real estate industry and board level advisory work. From 1983 to 2011, Mr. Rogers served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director at Parkway Properties Inc. (NYSE: PKY) since its early development stage and through its move to the New York Stock Exchange and the S P 600 Small Cap Index. Parkway Properties was a real estate investment trust specializing in the acquisition, ownership, development, and management of quality office properties in the Sun Belt region of the United States. At Parkway Properties, Mr. Rogers provided leadership, policy setting, capital allocation and discretionary fundraising for the real estate investment trust (REIT). During his tenure at Parkway, Parkway was named A Great Place to Work five times by the Society of Human Resource Management, NAREIT Leader in Light Award, and the Urban Land Institute Award for Excellence. Mr. Rogers numerous current community and business activities include serving as the Chairman of the Board and a member of the compensation, nominating, and governance committees at RREEF America REIT II since 2014. Mr. Rogers is also the chairman of the board of Net Lease Alliance and a director of First Commercial Bank. Mr. Rogers graduated magna cum laude from the University of Mississippi and went on to complete five years in the U.S. Army, where he was quickly advanced from Lieutenant to Captain and was selected for early command. He received the Army Commendation Medal and the Meritorious Service Medal for his services. Mr. Rogers also holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration. Number, Terms of Office and Election of Executive Officers and Directors Our Board is comprised of eight members. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, this is the first year in which we are required to hold an annual meeting. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Cathy Martine-Dolecki, Robert Willis and William M. Mounger II, will expire at our first annual general meeting in 2023. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Greg Boyd, Alex Parker and Steven Rogers, will expire at our second annual general meeting in 2024. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of David Barksdale and David Jones, will expire at our third annual general meeting in 2025. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the Board of Directors for any reason. Our officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. Our Board of Directors has determined that Greg Boyd, David Barksdale, David Jones, Alex Parker and Steven Rogers are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board of Directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We established an audit committee of the Board of Directors. David Barksdale, David Jones and Steven Rogers serve as members of our audit committee. David Barksdale serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee qualifies as an independent director under the NYSE corporate governance standards and the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Following the consummation of the business combination, our Board of Directors will determine which member of our audit committee qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, and possesses financial sophistication, as defined under the rules of the NYSE. We adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 
 69 

Table of Contents 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee We established a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. David Barksdale, Greg Boyd and Alex Parker serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, and all three such members are independent. Greg Boyd serves as chair of the compensation committee. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our current shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee We established a nominating and corporate governance committee. The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Greg Boyd, David Jones and Alex Parker. Alex Parker serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

The primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee is to assist the Board of Directors in: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the Board of Directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors; 

developing, recommending to the Board of Directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the Board of Directors its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The nominating and corporate governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. Director Nominations Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the Board of Directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our Board of Directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and at our website at https://tristaracq.com/ . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

William Mounger II 
 
 Delta Industries, Inc. Tristar Technologies Tristar License Group, LLC Tstar 600, LLC Widespread Wireless, LLC 
 
 Concrete Telecommunications 
 
 Chairman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Manager Manager 

Robert Willis 
 
 Navigation Capital Partners L.P. 
 
 Investment 
 
 Managing partner 

Greg Boyd 
 
 Intellicom Wireless Management, Inc. 
 
 IT services 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

David Jones 
 
 Humana Inc. 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

Humana Foundation, Inc. 
 
 Nonprofit organization for healthcare 
 
 Director 

CE S Foundation 
 
 Nonprofit organization for education 
 
 Director 

New Life Solution, Inc. (meQuilibrium) 
 
 Digital coaching services 
 
 Director 

Confluent Health 
 
 Physical therapy services 
 
 Director 

Chrysalis Ventures 
 
 Venture capital 
 
 Chairman 

David Barksdale 
 
 Alluvian Capital, LLC 
 
 Investment 
 
 Principal 

The Idea Village 
 
 Nonprofit organization supporting regional startups 
 
 Chairman of the board 
 72 

Table of Contents 

The Greater New Orleans Foundation 
 
 Philanthropic nonprofit organization 
 
 Vice Chairman of the board 

Alex Parker 
 
 Sequential Technology International LLC 
 
 Technology consulting 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Steven Rogers 
 
 RREEF America REIT II, Inc. 

Chairman of the board 

Net Lease Alliance, LLC 

Chairman of the board 

First Commercial Bank, N.A. 
 
 Finance 
 
 Director 
 Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our Sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of the initial public offering and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. 

Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the Board of Directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our Board of Directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this Annual Report, based on information obtained from the persons named below with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. In the following table, percentage ownership is based on 28,750,000 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the shares of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a share-for-share basis, as further described below. The following table does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Class A Ordinary Shares 

Class B Ordinary Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Tristar Holdings I LLC (our Sponsor) (2)(3) 

3,631,667 

63.16 

William M. Mounger (2)(3)(4) 

3,631,667 

63.16 

Cathy Martine-Dolecki (2)(4) 

25,000 

Timothy Dawson (2)(4) 

25,000 

Robert Willis (2)(5) 

25,000 

Greg Boyd (2) 

25,000 

David Jones (2) 

25,000 

David Barksdale (2) 

25,000 

Alex Parker (2) 

25,000 

Steven Rogers (2) 

25,000 

All officers and directors as a group (9 individuals) (2) 

3,831,667 

66.64 

Cable One, Inc. (6) 

1,980,000 

8.61 

333,333 

5.80 

Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. (7) 

1,322,962 

5.75 

Entities affiliated with Millennium Group Management LLC (8) 

1,353,668 

5.89 

Entities affiliated with LMR Partners LLP (9) 

1,950,000 

8.48 

Magnetar Financial LLC (10) 

1,832,800 

7.97 

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (11) 

1,851,391 

8.05 

Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. (12) 

1,241,523 

5.40 

Spring Creek Capital, LLC (13) 

1,850,000 

8.04 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of these individuals is c/o Tristar Acquisition I Corp., 2780 Peachtree Road NW, Suite 509, Atlanta, Georgia 30305. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described in the section of the prospectus entitled Description of Securities Founder Shares and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

(3) 
 The shares reported above are held of record by our Sponsor. William M. Mounger is the managing member of our Sponsor, and as such, has voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by our Sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held directly by our Sponsor. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 Each of these individuals hold a direct or indirect interest in our Sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(5) 
 Consists of 25,000 shares held by Navigation Capital Partners SOF I, LLC, as nominee for Mr. Willis. Mr. Willis is a general partner of Navigation Capital Partners SOF I, LLC, an entity which is a member of our Sponsor, and, as such, shares voting and dispositive power over the shares reported above. Mr. Willis disclaims beneficial ownership of all such shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(6) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021 by Cable One, Inc., the shares reported above consist of (i) 1,980,000 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 333,333 Class B ordinary shares which are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, which shares in the aggregate represent approximately 8.05 of our outstanding issued and outstanding ordinary shares. The address of the foregoing reporting person is 210 E. Earll Drive, Phoenix, Arizona 85012. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

(7) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 3, 2023, the shares reported above consist of (i) 822,962 shares held of record by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities and (ii) 500,000 shares held of record by Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF Group Management, Inc. (of which Howard W. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive and serves as trustee of its sole stockholder) is the managing general partner of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and directly or indirectly controls the managing general partners of Cantor Fitzgerald Securities and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. indirectly holds a majority of the ownership interests of each of Cantor Fitzgerald Securities and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. As such, each of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P., CF Group Management, Inc. and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares directly held by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. The address of the foregoing reporting persons is 110 East 59th Street, New York, New York 10022. 

(8) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022, as amended on January 30, 2023. The shares reported above are held by entities subject to voting control and investment discretion by Millennium Management LLC and/or other investment managers that may be controlled by Millennium Group Management LLC (the managing member of Millennium Management LLC) and Israel A. Englander (the sole voting trustee of the managing member of Millennium Group Management LLC). The foregoing should not be construed in and of itself as an admission by Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC or Mr. Englander as to beneficial ownership of the shares held by such entities. The address of the foregoing reporting persons is 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

(9) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021, as amended on December 2, 2021 and February 14, 2023. The shares reported above consist of (i) 975,000 Class A ordinary shares held of record by LMR CCSA Master Fund Ltd and (ii) 975,000 Class A ordinary shares held of record by LMR Multi-Strategy Master Fund Limited. LMR Partners LLP, LMR Partners Limited, LMR Partners LLC, LMR Partners AG and LMR Partners (DIFC) Limited (collectively, the LMR Investment Managers serve as the investment managers to LMR CCSA Master Fund Ltd and LMR Multi-Strategy Master Fund Limited with respect to the shares reported above, and Ben Levine and Stefan Renold are ultimately in control of the investment and voting decisions of the LMR Investment Managers with respect to such shares. Accordingly, each of the LMR Investment Managers and Messrs. Levine and Renold share voting and investment power over the shares reported above and may be deemed the beneficial owner of such shares. The address of the foregoing reporting persons is c/o LMR Partners LLP, 9th Floor, Devonshire House, 1 Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ, United Kingdom. 

(10) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022, as amended on February 9, 2023. The shares reported above consist of: (a) 194,206 shares held for the account of Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd; (b) 604,196 shares held for the account of Magnetar Constellation Master Fund, Ltd; (c) 34,600 shares held for the account of Magnetar Systematic Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd; (d) 237,362 shares held for the account of Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd; (e) 113,288 shares held for the account of Purpose Alternative Credit Fund Ltd; (f) 156,444 shares held for the account of Magnetar SC Fund Ltd; (g) 224,774 shares held for the account of Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP; (h) 228,370 shares held for the account of Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC; and (i) 39,560 shares held for the account of Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC (collectively, the Magnetar Funds ). Magnetar Financial LLC Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, Magnetar Financial exercises voting and investment power over the shares held for the Magnetar Funds accounts. Magnetar Financial shares voting and investment power over such shares with Magnetar Capital Partners LP, its sole member and parent holding company Magnetar Capital Partners ), Supernova Management LLC, the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners Supernova Management ), and David J. Snyderman, the manager of Supernova Management. The address of the foregoing reporting persons is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. 

(11) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022, as amended on February 13, 2023, by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the Class A ordinary shares which are directly held by PMSMF. Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. is an investment fund manager, portfolio manager, exempt market dealer and commodity trading manager registered with the Ontario Securities Commission. The address of the foregoing reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(12) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 14, 2021, as amended on February 14, 2022, the shares reported above are held of record by Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P., which shares voting and investment power over such shares with Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, RGC Management Company, LLC and Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., each of whom may be deemed to beneficially own such shares. The address of the foregoing reporting persons is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

(13) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 22, 2021, as amended on February 9, 2022. Koch Industries, Inc. holds sole voting and investment power over the shares held by Spring Creek Capital, LLC by virtue of Koch Industries, Inc. s indirect beneficial ownership of Spring Creek Capital, LLC, which is beneficially owned by SCC Holdings, LLC, which in turn is beneficially owned by KIM, LLC, which in turn is beneficially owned by Koch Investments Group, LLC, which in turn is beneficially owned by Koch Investments Group Holdings, LLC, which in turn is beneficially owned by Koch Industries, Inc., in each case by means of ownership of all voting equity instruments. Accordingly, Koch Industries, Inc., SCC Holdings, LLC, KIM, LLC, Koch Investments Group, LLC and Koch Investments Group Holdings, LLC may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by Spring Creek Capital, LLC reported above. The foregoing should not be construed in and of itself as an admission by SCC Holdings, LLC, KIM, LLC, Koch Investments Group, LLC, Koch Investments Group Holdings, LLC or Koch Industries, Inc. as to beneficial ownership of such shares. The address of the foregoing reporting persons is 4111 E. 37th Street North, Wichita, KS 67220. In March 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.0035 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Also in March 2021, our Sponsor transferred 50,000 of such founder shares (25,000 shares each) to Timothy Dawson, our Chief Financial Officer, and Cathy-Ann Martine-Dolecki, our Chief Operating Officer, in each case, at their original purchase price. In August 2021, our Sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 of such founder shares in the aggregate for no consideration. In November 2021, our Sponsor transferred 150,000 of such founder shares (25,000 shares each) to David Barksdale, Greg Boyd, David Jones, Alex Parker, Steven Rogers, and Robert Willis, each a director of the Company, in each case for their par value. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. Our Sponsor beneficially owns 12.63 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares and has the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to elect any directors to our Board of Directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our Sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. Our Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our Sponsor is deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence In March 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.0035 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Also in March 2021, our Sponsor transferred 50,000 of such founder shares (25,000 shares each) to Timothy Dawson, our Chief Financial Officer, and Cathy-Ann Martine-Dolecki, our Chief Operating Officer, in each case, at their original purchase price. In August 2021, our Sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 of such founder shares in the aggregate for no consideration. In November 2021, our Sponsor transferred 150,000 of such founder shares (25,000 shares each) to David Barksdale, Greg Boyd, David Jones, Alex Parker, Steven Rogers, and Robert Willis, each a director of the Company, in each case for their par value. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 7,345,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. As such, our Sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 7,345,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. As more fully discussed in the section of the company s prospectus entitled Management Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which our Sponsor, directors and the anchor investors are entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, as long as the Sponsor and directors hold any securities covered by the registration agreement, which is described under the section of the company s prospectus entitled Description of Securities Registration Rights. Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our Board of Directors adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Marcum LLP Marcum acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by Marcum for the period from March 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

Type of Fees 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

March 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

125,660 

116,776 

Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total 

125,660 

116,776 

(1) 
 Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. These services include professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) 
 Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) 
 All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements (See above) 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedules None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the below Exhibit Index. Exhibits incorporated herein by reference can be found on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (1) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (2) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (2) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (2) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (1) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s S-1/A, filed on September 29, 2021. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRISTAR ACQUISITION I CORP. 

By: 
 
 /s/ William M. Mounger II 

Name: William M. Mounger II 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Dated: March 9, 2023 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints William M. Mounger II, Cathy Martine-Dolecki, and Timothy Dawson, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ William M. Mounger II William M. Mounger II 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Timothy Dawson Timothy Dawson 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Cathy Martine Dolecki Cathy Martine Dolecki 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Robert Willis Robert Willis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Greg Boyd Greg Boyd 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ David Jones David Jones 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ David Barksdale David Barksdale 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Alex Parker Alex Parker 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

/s/ Steven Rogers Steven Rogers 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 82 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 d432264dex45.htm
 EX-4.5

EX-4.5 

Exhibit 4.5 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 As of December 31, 2022, Tristar Acquisition I Corp. we, our, us or the Company had
the following four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share (as defined below) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (as defined below), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share (ii) its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value
per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), (iii) its Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class B ordinary shares ), and (iv) its public warrants, with each whole warrant exercisable for
one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). Pursuant to our amended and restated articles of
association, our authorized capital stock consists of 90,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0,0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value per
share. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated articles of association and our
warrant agreement, both of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a
part. Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 
 Units Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of ordinary shares. Ordinary Shares 
 Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described
below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any
such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary
shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation
with another company. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the
appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by
the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founder shares are the only shareholders of the Company that will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the
Board of Directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B
ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an
ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our Sponsor and each member
of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares, and the anchor investors have agreed to vote all founder shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our founder
shares, we would need 8,625,001, or 37.5 (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised and that the size of this offering is not increased), of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an
initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our 

Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote, and the agreements by the anchor investors to vote any founder shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination will
increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. In the event that the anchor investors purchase the units that they have expressed an interest in purchasing in this offering,
hold them until prior to our initial business combination and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any of the other public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination for our shareholders to approve our initial business combination. The anchor investors have agreed to vote founder shares they purchase from our Sponsor in favor of our initial business combination, but are not required to vote any of
their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or for or against any other matter presented for a shareholder vote. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Founder Shares 
 The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the Board of Directors for any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
below; (c) our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of this offering
(although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will
automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person
or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares, and the anchor investors have agreed to vote
any founder shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination. Except as described herein, our Sponsor, our directors and executive
officers and the anchor investors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions
throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers with
respect to any founder shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our
founder shares may remove a member of the Board of Directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not

less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple
majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares
and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Redeemable Warrants 
 Each redeemable warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days following of the completion of an initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of
Class A ordinary shares. Except as set forth below, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current
registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 60 days from the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any
period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption
is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 
 The warrants will expire five years from the consummation of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become
exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as
adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any
20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders
will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A
ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share
(as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for
any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the
number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must
also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or
exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a
redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not
redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the
holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later
than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. The warrants have certain anti-dilution and adjustments rights upon certain events. 
 The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the
warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and
in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the
parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the
interests of the registered holders. The exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a capitalization of shares, extraordinary
dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 
 In addition, if we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share, the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 65 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of each warrant will be
adjusted such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the price at which we issue the additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities. This may make it more
difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise
price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their
warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by
shareholders. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the
warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30
days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and
directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under Warrants

Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our Sponsor or
its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other
than our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering.
Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the number of the then outstanding private
placement warrants. Except as described above, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis,
they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall
mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have
agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our Sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business
combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific
periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of
 material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open
market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 
 Except as described above, no warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares unless at the
time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the Class A ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the Class A ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash
settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 
 Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder (and his, her
or its affiliates) would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder (and his, her or its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any person who acquires a warrant with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of our company, or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such
purpose or effect, immediately upon such acquisition will be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the underlying Class A ordinary shares and not be able to take advantage of this provision. 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a
fractional interest in a share (as a result of a subsequent capitalization of shares payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split up of the Class A ordinary shares or other similar event), we will, upon exercise, round up or down to
the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d432264dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS I, William M. Mounger II,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tristar Acquisition
I Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ William M. Mounger
II 

William M. Mounger II 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d432264dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS I, Timothy Dawson,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tristar Acquisition
I Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 9, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy Dawson 

Timothy Dawson 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d432264dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tristar Acquisition I Corp. (the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, William M. Mounger II, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 9, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ William M. Mounger
II 

William M. Mounger II 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d432264dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tristar Acquisition I Corp. (the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Timothy Dawson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: March 9, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy Dawson 

Timothy Dawson 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tris-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tris-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tris-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tris-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

