<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_711034_0001062993-23-007681.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5852107</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134354</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1946277</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1132983</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1335902</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1112393</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-23-007681.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327114127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-23-007681
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THUNDER MOUNTAIN GOLD INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000711034
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				911031075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08429
		FILM NUMBER:		23762248

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11770 W. PRESIDENT DR. STE F
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83713
		BUSINESS PHONE:		208-658-1037

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11770 W. PRESIDENT DR. STE F
		CITY:			BOISE
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-23-007681.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.: Form 10-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 , 

OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, including Area Code) 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

NONE 
 NONE 
 NONE 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTCQB TSX-V 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter: as of June 30, 2022. 
 The number of shares of the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of March 10, 2023, was . 
 
 2 

THUNDER MOUNTAIN GOLD, INC. 
 Form 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 

PART I 
 4 

ITEM 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 6 

ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 9 

ITEM 2 - DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES 
 9 

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 17 

ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 17 

PART II 
 17 

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 17 

ITEM 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 18 

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 18 

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 22 

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 22 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 39 

ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 39 

ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 39 

PART III 
 40 

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 40 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 43 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 45 

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 47 

PART IV 
 48 

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 48 

3 

PART I 
 Cautionary Statement about Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain statements that may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements." All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Form 10-K that address activities, events or developments that our management expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include discussion of such matters as: 
 The amount and nature of future capital, development and exploration expenditures; 
 The timing of exploration activities, and; 
 Business strategies and development of our Operational Plans. 
 Forward-looking statements also typically include words such as "anticipate", "estimate", "expect", "potential", "could" or similar words suggesting future outcomes. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including such factors as the volatility and level of metal prices, uncertainties in cash flow, expected acquisition benefits, exploration, mining and operating risks, competition, litigation, environmental matters, the potential impact of government regulations, many of which are beyond our control. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis is intended to be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements and the integral notes ("Notes") thereto for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The following statements may be forward looking in nature and actual results may differ materially. 
 ITEM 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 Company History 
 The Company was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Idaho on November 9, 1935, under the name of Montgomery Mines, Inc. In April 1978 controlling interest in the Montgomery Mines Corporation was obtained by a group of the Thunder Mountain property holders who then changed the corporate name to Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. with the primary goal to further develop their holdings in the Thunder Mountain Mining District, Valley County, Idaho. 
 Change in Situs and Authorized Capital 
 The Company moved its situs from Idaho to Nevada, but maintains its corporate offices in Boise, Idaho. On December 10, 2007, articles of incorporation were filed with the Secretary of State in Nevada for Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc., a Nevada Corporation. The Directors of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. (Nevada) were the same as for Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. (Idaho). 
 On January 25, 2008, the shareholders approved the merger of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. (Idaho) with Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. (Nevada), which was completed by a share for share exchange of common stock. The terms of the merger were such that the Nevada Corporation was the surviving entity. The number of authorized shares for the Nevada Corporation is 200,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share. 
 
 4 

The Company is structured as follows: The Company owns 100 of the outstanding stock of Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc. (TMRI), a Nevada Corporation. Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc. owns 100 of the outstanding stock of South Mountain Mines, Inc., an Idaho Corporation. South Mountain Mines, Inc. owns 75 of Owyhee Gold Territory, LLC. 
 We have no patents, licenses, franchises or concessions which are considered by the Company to be of importance. The business is not of a seasonal nature. Since the potential products are traded in the open market, we have no control over the competitive conditions in the industry. There is no backlog of orders. 
 There are numerous Federal and State laws and regulation related to environmental protection, which have direct application to mining and milling activities. The more significant of these laws deal with mined land reclamation and wastewater discharge from mines and milling operations. We do not believe that these laws and regulations as presently enacted will have a direct material adverse effect on our operations. 
 Subsidiary Companies 
 On May 21, 2007, the Company filed Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State in Nevada for Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. The financial information for the new subsidiary is included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 On September 27, 2007, Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc. (TMRI), a wholly owned subsidiary of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. (THMG), completed the purchase of all the outstanding stock of South Mountain Mines, Inc., an Idaho corporation. On November 8, 2012, South Mountain Mines, Inc., ("SMMI") a wholly owned subsidiary of Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Idaho State Gold Company II LLC ("ISGC") formed Owyhee Gold Territory LLC ("OGT") (aka Owyhee Gold Trust, LLC) a limited liability company (LLC). 
 On November 4, 2016, SMMI was granted Managing Member and controlling Member of OGT, through a judicially ratified settlement with ISGC II. 
 Current Operations 
 Thunder Mountain Gold is a mineral exploration stage company with no producing mines. The Company intends to remain in the business of exploring for mining properties that have the potential to produce gold, silver, base metals and other commodities. 
 BeMetals Option Agreement: 
 On December 30, 2022, Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. by and through its subsidiaries Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, and South Mountain Mines, Inc., an Idaho Corporation ("SMMI") (collectively the "Company", "THMG", or "We", "Our" or "Us") agreed to terminate the Option Agreement, (the " BeMetals Option Agreement ") with BeMetals Corporation, a British Columbia corporation, and BeMetals USA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (" BeMetals BMET "). 
 The "BeMetals Option Agreement was entered into on February 27, 2019, the original terms of the Option Agreement, BeMetals provided the funding to SMMI for project expenses including Management Services Income. The issuance of 10 million common shares of BMET USA to TMRI had a fair value of 1,883,875, and the Company received cash payments of 1,350,000: 1,100,000 in cash and 250,000 in exchange for shares of the Company's common stock. 
 Also, according to the terms of the original agreement BMET USA and SMMI entered a management contract whereby BeMetals paid 25,000 monthly to SMMI for management services to enable BMET to perform exploration and development work with respect to the South Mountain Project. Management service income of 300,000 was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Management Service income for the three months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 75,000, respectively. 
 BeMetals provided funding to SMMI for project expenses, including office lease payments, and other related expenses under the terms of the Option Agreement. On December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, capital investment into South Mountain Mines from BeMetals was 1,732,027 and 1,461,173, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 BeMetals spent 855,457 and 1,472,076, respectively on exploration of the South Mountain Mines property. Total BeMetals investment into South Mountain mines project ended December 31, 2022, is summarized in the following table. 
 
 5 

BeMetals Capital Investment Ended December 31, 2022 

Description 
 
 Amount 

BeMetals SMMI project funding (Since 2019) 
 
 5,520,733 

The Tranche 2 Shares Value BMET shares 
 
 1,883,875 

Purchase of Thunder Mountain Gold common stock shares 
 
 250,000 

Tranche Cash Payments by BMET USA 
 
 1,100,000 

Total aggregate value 
 
 8,754,608 

The aggregate value of the South Mountain Project Liabilities, excluding reclamation and environmental liabilities. 
 Reports to Security Holders 
 The Registrant does not issue annual or quarterly reports to security holders other than the annual Form 10-K and quarterly Forms 10-Q as electronically filed with the SEC. Electronically filed reports may be accessed at www.sec.gov. Information may be obtained on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1 (800) SEC-0330. 
 ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 COVID-19 
 Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. is subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Thunder Mountain Gold's business is uncertain and difficult to predict. The rapid spread of the outbreak caused significant disruptions in the U.S. and global economies and capital markets during 2020, and the impact is expected to continue to be significant during 2022. Such economic disruptions could have a material adverse effect on Thunder Mountain Gold business due to the negative financial impact. 
 The severity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and related government responses could have disruptions on governmental regulations, employees, suppliers, and third party service providers. The COVID-19 outbreak could have a variety of adverse impacts to the commodity prices and commodity markets, as it relates to mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates. Including the Company's ability to continue their exploration on the South Mountain project. As of December 31, 2022, there were no material adverse impacts to the Company's' operations due to COVID-19. 
 Our business, operations, and financial condition are subject to various risks. This is particularly true since we are in the business of conducting exploration for mineral properties that have the potential for discovery of economic mineral resources. We urge you to consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have limited income and resources. 
 The Company`s ability to continue as a going concern is no longer just dependent on equity capital raises and borrowings. On December 31, 2022 the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 682,718. In 2019 in connection with the BeMetals Option Agreement (see Note 3), the Company received 10,000,000 shares of BeMetals Corp. common stock that had a fair value of 1,883,875. On December 31, 2022, the fair value of the remaining 8 million shares held by the Company is 738,612, and these shares are unrestricted. The Company does have the option of selling these shares to raise additional cash. 
 
 6 

The Company continues to have the ability to raise capital to fund its future exploration and working capital requirements. The Company's plans for the long-term continuation as a going concern may include financing the Company's future operations through sales of its common stock and/or debt and the eventual profitable exploitation of its mining properties. There is no guarantee that funds would be available from either of these sources. If we are unsuccessful in raising additional funds, we will not be able to develop our properties and will be forced to liquidate assets. 
 We have no proven reserves. 
 We have no proven reserves at any of our properties. We only have measured, indicated, and inferred, along with assay samples at South Mountain; and assay samples at some of our other exploration properties. 
 Information concerning our mining properties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of subpart 1300 of Regulation SK, which first became applicable to us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. These requirements differ significantly from the previously applicable disclosure requirements of SEC Industry Guide 7. Among other differences, subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K requires us to disclose our mineral resources, in addition to our mineral reserves, as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year both in the aggregate and for each of our individually material mining properties. You are cautioned that mineral resources do not have demonstrated economic value. Mineral resources are subject to further exploration and development, are subject to additional risks, and no assurance can be given that they will eventually convert to future reserves. Inferred Resources, in particular, have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and their economic and legal feasibility. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the Inferred Resource exists or is economically or legally mineable. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Disclosure of the NI-43-101 has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Canadian securities laws, including Canadian National Instrument 43-101 ("NI 43-101"). The Highlights of South Mountain NI-43-101 section refers to "mineral resources," "measured mineral resources," "indicated mineral resources," and "inferred mineral resources." 
 Our exploration efforts may be adversely affected by metals price volatility causing us to cease exploration efforts. 
 The success of any exploration efforts is derived from the price of metal prices that are affected by numerous factors including: 1) expectations for inflation; 2) investor speculative activities; 3) relative exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to other currencies; 4) global and regional demand and production; 5) global and regional political and economic conditions; and 6) production costs in major producing regions. These factors are beyond our control and are impossible for us to predict. 
 There is no guarantee that current favorable prices for metals and other commodities will be sustained. If the market prices for these commodities weaken, we will temporarily suspend or cease exploration efforts. 
 Our mineral exploration efforts may not be successful. 
 Mineral exploration is highly speculative. It involves many risks and often does not produce positive results. Even if we find a valuable mineral deposit, it may take many additional years or more before production is possible because of the need for additional detailed exploration, pre-production studies, permitting, financing, construction and start up. 
 During that time, it may not be economically feasible to produce those minerals. Establishing ore reserves requires us to make substantial capital expenditures and, in the case of new properties, to construct mining and processing facilities. As a result of these costs and uncertainties, we will not be able to develop any potentially economic mineral deposits. 
 
 7 

We face strong competition from other mining companies for the acquisition of new properties. 
 If we do find an economic mineral reserve, and it is put into production, it should be noted that mines have limited lives and as a result, we need to continually seek to find new properties. In addition, there is a limited supply of desirable mineral lands available in the United States or elsewhere where we would consider conducting exploration activities. Because we face strong competition for new properties from other exploration and mining companies, some of whom have greater financial resources than we do, we may be unable to acquire attractive new mining properties on terms that we consider acceptable. 
 Mining operations may be adversely affected by risks and hazards associated with the mining industry. 
 Mining operations involve a number of risks and hazards including: 1) environmental hazards; 2) political and country risks; 3) industrial accidents; 4) labor disputes; 5) unusual or unexpected geologic formations; 6) high wall failures, cave-ins or explosive rock failures, and; 7) flooding and periodic interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions. Such risks could result in: 1) damage to or destruction of mineral properties or producing facilities; 2) personal injury; 3) environmental damage; 4) delays in exploration efforts; 5) monetary losses, and; 6) legal liability. 
 We have no insurance against any of these risks. To the extent we are subject to environmental liabilities, we would have to pay for these liabilities. Moreover, in the event that we ever become an operator of a mine, and unable to fully pay for the cost of remedying an environmental problem, should it occur, we might be required to suspend operations or enter into other interim compliance measures. 
 Because we are small and do not have much capital, we must limit our exploration. This may prevent us from realizing any revenues, thus reducing the value of the stock. 
 Because our Company is small and does not have much capital, we must limit the time and money we expend on exploration of interests in our properties. In particular, we may not be able to: 1) devote the time we would like to explore our properties; 2) spend as much money as we would like to exploring our properties; 3) rent the quality of equipment or hire the contractors we would like to have for exploration; and 4) have the number of people working on our properties that we would like to have. By limiting our operations, it may take longer to explore our properties. There are other larger exploration companies that could and may spend more time and money exploring the properties that we have acquired. 
 We will have to suspend our exploration plans if we do not have access to all the supplies and materials we need. 
 Competition and unforeseen limited sources of supplies in the industry could result in occasional spot shortages of supplies. We have not attempted to locate or negotiate with any suppliers of products, equipment or materials. We will attempt to locate products, equipment and materials after we have conducted preliminary exploration activities on our properties. If we cannot find the products and equipment we need in a timely manner, we will have to delay or suspend our exploration plans until we do find the products and equipment we need. 
 We face substantial governmental regulation and environmental risks, which could prevent us from exploring or developing our properties. 
 Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing mining exploration development, production, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, use of toxic substances, environmental regulations, mine safety and other matters. New legislation and regulations may be adopted at any time that results in additional operating expense, capital expenditure or restrictions and delays in the exploration, mining, production or development of our properties. 
 The Company has accrued 81,250 Accrued Reclamation costs regarding the South Mountain Mine project. Various laws and permits require that financial assurances be in place for certain environmental and reclamation obligations and other potential liabilities. Once we undertake any trenching or drilling activities, a reclamation bond and a permit will be required under applicable laws. Currently, we have no obligations for financial assurances of any kind, and are unable to undertake any trenching, drilling, or development on any of our properties until we obtain financial assurances pursuant to applicable regulations to cover potential liabilities. 
 
 8 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to detect fraud or report our financial results accurately, which could harm our business and we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny. 
 Internal control systems provide only reasonable assurance that fraud and errors will be detected within the normal course of operations. The Company's management strives to maintain internal controls that are effective and commensurate for the size and scope of the business being conducted by the Company. The Company realizes the need to be proactive in this area and continues to evaluate ways for improving internal controls that are practical and cost effective for the size, structure, and future existence of our organization. The Company's Chief Financial Officer initiates and records all transactions. The transactions are reviewed and approved by the Company's President and CEO and reviewed by the Company's Vice President and COO. Capital Items and expenditures more than 5,000 must be approved by the Board of Directors, even if it is a line item in a Board Approved Budget. In addition, The Company has a Corporate Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code") which is acknowledged by officers and directors. This Corporate Governance applies to Thunder Mountain Gold Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company"). 
 ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 ITEM 2 - DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES 
 The Company, including its subsidiaries, owns mining rights, mining claims, and properties in the mining areas of Nevada and Idaho, which includes its South Mountain Property in Idaho, and its Trout Creek Property in Nevada. 
 The Company own 100 of the outstanding stock of Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a Nevada Corporation. Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc. owns 100 of the outstanding stock of South Mountain Mines, Inc. (SMMI), an Idaho Corporation., Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc. completed the direct purchase of 100 ownership of South Mountain Mines, Inc. on September 27, 2007, which consisted of 17 patented mining claims (approximately 327 acres) located in Owyhee County in southwestern Idaho. After the purchase, Thunder Mountain Resources staked 21 unpatented lode mining claims and obtained mineral leases on 545 acres of adjoining private ranch land. 
 The current land package at South Mountain consists of 17 patented mining claims encompassing approximately 326 acres, 21 unpatented mining lode claims covering approximately 290 acres, and approximately 489 acres of leased private land. In addition, the project owns 360 acres of private land (mill site) not contiguous with the mining claims. 
 All holdings are in the South Mountain Mining District, Owyhee County, Idaho. 
 The Company's plan of operation for the next twelve months, subject to business conditions, will be to continue to advance the South Mountain Project, including continued baseline environmental and engineering work necessary to complete a Preliminary Economic Analysis. 
 The South Mountain Project 
 South Mountain is a polymetallic development project focused on high-grade zinc and silver. It is located approximately 70 miles southwest of Boise, Idaho (see Figure 2). The Project was intermittently mined from the late 1800s to the late 1960s and its existing underground workings remain intact and well maintained. Historic production at the Project has largely come from high-grade massive sulfide bodies that remain open at depth and along strike. According to historical smelter records, approximately 53,642 tons of mineralized material has been mined to date. These records also indicate average grades; 14.5 Zn, 11.63 opt Ag, 0.063 opt Au, 2.4 Pb , and 1.4 Cu were mined. 
 Thunder Mountain Gold Inc. purchased and advanced the Project from 2007 through 2019 investing approximately US 12M during that period. The current mineral resource estimate of the deposit is detailed in Table 3 below. The Project is largely on and surrounded by private surface land, and as such, the permitting and environmental aspects of the Project are expected to be straightforward. Permits are currently in place for underground and surface exploration and development activities. 
 
 9 

Figure 2. Location of South Mountain Project 
 
 South Mountain Project - BeMetals Option Agreement 
 Under the BeMetals Corporation (TSX-V: BMET) Option Agreement, BeMetals and Thunder Mountain Gold formed a project team early in 2019 that is focused on advancing the South Mountain Project. This Boise Idaho-based team includes key management of Thunder Mountain Gold Inc., who have coordinated re-establishment of the Project site prior to the start of drilling. In addition, BeMetals appointed a project manager and project geologist for this team, along with technical and underground support. 
 With the help of Thunder Mountain Gold, BeMetals (BMET) commenced drilling at South Mountain in July of 2019 and drilled twenty-one holes totaling 7,517 feet (2,290 meters) from five underground drilling stations within the Sonneman level. The drilling program was designed to test potential down plunge extensions, and overall continuity to the mineralized zones and confirm the grade distribution of the current polymetallic mineral resource. All of the drill core recovered from the drilling was logged on site and assayed by ALS Chemex. Selected intervals and results are summarized in the Company`s Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On September 21, 2021, the Company agreed to an extension of the Option Agreement with BeMetals Corp. The Extension is through the 2022 calendar year, with the same terms to acquire up to a 100 interest in the South Mountain Project in southwest Idaho, U.S.A. In exchange for the Extension, BeMetals paid the Company the Tranche 6 Payment of 250,000. 
 On December 30, 2022, Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. by and through its subsidiaries Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, and South Mountain Mines, Inc., an Idaho Corporation ("SMMI") (collectively the "Company", "THMG", or "We", "Our" or "Us") agreed to terminate the Option Agreement, (the " BeMetals Option Agreement ") with BeMetals Corporation, a British Columbia corporation, and BeMetals USA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (" BeMetals BMET "). 
 
 10 

2022 PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS - SOUTH MOUNTAIN PROJECT 
 On September 5, 2022, Crone Geophysics based in Toronto, Canada initiated a time domain pulse electromagnetic (PEM) survey over a portion of the South Mountain Mines. The objective of the survey is to delineate massive sulfide mineralization within a marble unit bounded by Paleozoic schists. Historic mining on the area was conducted on massive sulfide mineralization associated hosted by the Laxey marble within the survey area. Bowes (1985) describes the sulfide bodies as pipe-like dipping to the southwest at 40-50 and raking 50 . The survey was completed on November 7, 2022. In addition to the PEM survey, property scale topography, geology and ground magnetics will be included to provide supporting data for the interpretation. The digital products include raw data, intermediate processed products, and final products in several data formats. 
 In May of 2021, BeMetals Corp. completed an updated Mineral Resource Estimate ("MRE"), incorporating results from Phase 1 and 2 underground diamond drilling programs at the South Mountain Project. The updated MRE includes a substantially increased resource for the Project while maintaining the high-grade nature of the mineralization. 
 The updated Independent MRE, which has an effective date of April 20, 2021, was prepared in accordance with National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects ("NI-43-101") by Hard Rock Consulting, LLC, based in the U.S.A. A technical report for this MRE was filed with SEDAR, and on the Company's website, within 45 days from the date of this news release. 
 After signing the Option Agreement Extension, BeMetals Corp. embarked on a phase 3 program at South Mountain with the objective to significantly expand the scale of the current Mineral Resource Estimate ("MRE") at South Mountain See Summary of the MRE below ), testing and establishing the down depth extent of mineralization on the DMEA zone. The DMEA Zone is the largest known body of mineralization on the Property, containing the majority of tonnage in the current MRE, and the mineralized zone remains open at depth. 
 Based on the last two phases of underground drilling and all the historical exploration data available, we believe there is the potential to expand the down-plunge extensions of the mineral resource with this new phase of surface drilling at the Property. The plan is to initially complete approximately 7,000 feet (2,100 meters) of surface core drilling in this phase of exploration. Assuming this exploration program is successful, the BMET will update the current MRE and continue the ongoing Preliminary Economic Assessment for the Project in 2022. 
 By December of 2021, 2 surface core holes had been drilled for a combined total of 3,600 feet, the results of which were added to the resource model. 
 
 11 

Figure 1: 3D Perspective view inclined 20 0 looking north-north-east, with hole locations for SM20-028 thru SM20-050 

12 

Figure 1: 3D Perspective View inclined at 20 degrees looking north-north-east, showing locations of rib-sampling, priority target zones, and the phase 1 drill holes and highlighted the recent SM19-016, SM19-017 and SM19-018 
 Underground core drilling was conducted to extend and upgrade the South Mountain resource - testing the continuity and down-dip extensions of the high-grade polymetallic massive sulfide zones. The Company and BeMetals completed additional core drilling in the DMEA and Laxey zones to complete the confirmation and extensional drilling in 2021. The Company also retrieved bulk samples for metallurgical test work. 
 More than 15,000 feet (4,500 meters) have been drilled at South Mountain and included in the model. The South Mountain historic ore zones remain open down-dip on the zones encountered. The successful drilling and development work prove that the South Mountain resource continues to grow with potential to increase the resource substantially. 
 
 13 

Figure 2: Plan View of the Sonneman Laxey Levels, South Mountain Deposit, 
 showing locations of rib-sampling, priority target zones, and drill holes SM19-016, SM19-017 and SM19-018 
 
 14 

Figure 3: Plan View of Sonneman Laxey Levels, 
 showing locations of previously reported rib sampling 
 Note to United States investors concerning estimates of measured, indicated and inferred resources. 
 Information concerning our mining properties has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of subpart 1300 of Regulation SK, which first became applicable to us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. These requirements differ significantly from the previously applicable disclosure requirements of SEC Industry Guide 7. Among other differences, subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K requires us to disclose our mineral resources, in addition to our mineral reserves, as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year both in the aggregate and for each of our individually material mining properties. You are cautioned that mineral resources do not have demonstrated economic value. Mineral resources are subject to further exploration and development, are subject to additional risks, and no assurance can be given that they will eventually convert to future reserves. Inferred Resources, in particular, have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and their economic and legal feasibility. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the Inferred Resource exists or is economically or legally mineable. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Disclosure of the NI-43-101 has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Canadian securities laws, including Canadian National Instrument 43-101 ("NI 43-101"). The Highlights of South Mountain NI-43-101 section refers to "mineral resources," "measured mineral resources," "indicated mineral resources," and "inferred mineral resources." 
 
 15 

Qualified Person - The technical information in this Form 10K has been reviewed and approved by Larry D. Kornze, (Retired), Director of Thunder Mountain Gold Inc., and a "Qualified Person" as defined by National Instrument 43-101 standards. 
 Trout Creek Project, Lander County, Nevada 
 The Trout Creek project is a highly prospective gold exploration target located along the western flank of the Shoshone Mountain Range in the Reese River Valley in Lander County, Nevada. The Project is located approximately 155 air miles northeast of Reno, Nevada, or approximately 20 miles south of Battle Mountain, Nevada, in Sections 10, 11, 14, 16, 21, 22, 27; T.29N.; R.44E. Mount Diablo Baseline Meridian, Lander County, Nevada. Latitude: 40 23' 36" North, Longitude: 117 00' 58" West. The property is generally accessible year-round by traveling south from Battle Mountain Nevada on state highway 305, which is paved. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made the decision to retain 26 (approximately 520 acres) of the 87 unpatented lode mining claims in the Trout Creek area. The Company's 26 unpatented mining claims are staked along a recognizable structural zone in the Eureka-Battle Mountain mineralized gold trend. The Company paid annual fees to BLM of 4,290 and Lander County 324 fees. 
 The Trout Creek target is anchored by a regional gravity anomaly on a well-defined northwest-southeast trending break in the alluvial fill thickness and underlying bedrock. Previous geophysical work in the 1980s revealed an airborne magnetic anomaly associated with the same structure, and this was further verified and outlined in 2008 by Company personnel, with consultation from Jim Wright - Wright Geophysics using a ground magnetometer. The target is covered by alluvial fan deposits of generally unknown thickness, shed from the adjacent Shoshone Range, a fault block mountain range composed of Paleozoic sediments of both upper and lower plate rocks of the Roberts Mountains thrust. 
 Wright Geophysics also conducted a ground gravity survey and CSMAT over the pediment target area and this provided insight into the gravel-bedrock contact as well as defining the favorable structural setting within the buried bedrock. An untested drill target was identified under the gravel pediment along these structures, and the geophysics showed that the bedrock was within 500 feet of the surface, which is reasonable depth for exploration drilling and potential mining if a significant mineralization is encountered. 
 The Company does not plan to conduct any work on the Trout Creek Property in 2022, but instead will focus all of their efforts on their South Mountain Project. 
 There are currently no environmental permits required for the planned exploration work on the property. In the future, a notice of intent may be required with the Bureau of Land Management. 
 Competition 
 We are an exploration stage company. We compete with other mineral resource exploration and development companies for financing and for the acquisition of new mineral properties. Many of the mineral resource exploration and development companies with whom we compete have greater financial and technical resources than us. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisitions of mineral properties of merit, on exploration of their mineral properties and on development of their mineral properties. In addition, they may be able to afford greater geological expertise in the targeting and exploration of mineral properties. This competition could result in competitors having mineral properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors who may finance additional exploration and development. This competition could adversely impact on our ability to finance further exploration and to achieve the financing necessary for us to develop our mineral properties. 
 
 16 

Employees 
 The Company employs three full-time officers. As part of the BeMetals agreement, the Company allowed these officers to work on the South Mountain Project on a consulting arrangement with BeMetals. It is anticipated that the employees will continue their work with the Company. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 None 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations, related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any operating mines and therefore had no such specified health and safety violations, orders or citations, related assessments or legal actions, mining-related fatalities, or similar events in relation to the Company's United States operations requiring disclosure pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information: 
 Our common stock is traded on the over-the-counter bulletin board (OTCQB) market regulated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) under the symbol "THMG" The OTCQB quotations do not reflect inter-dealer prices, retail mark-ups, commissions or actual transactions. 
 On September 24, 2010, the Company's common stock also began trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange Venture Exchange ("TSX-V") in Canada and is quoted under the trading symbol "THM". 
 Holders: 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1,272 shareholders of record of the Company's common stock with an unknown number of additional shareholders who hold shares through brokerage firms. 
 Transfer Agent: 
 Our independent stock transfer agent in the United States is Computershare Shareholder Services, located at 8742 Lucent Blvd., Suite 225, Highlands Ranch, CO 80129. In Canada, our Agent is Computershare, TORU - Toronto, University Ave, 100 University Ave, 8th Floor, Toronto, ON M5J 2Y1, CANADA 
 Dividends: 
 No dividends were paid by the Registrant in 2022 or 2021, and the Company has no plans to pay a dividend in the foreseeable future. Dividends undertaken by the Company are solely at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 
 17 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans: 
 On July 17, 2011, the Company Shareholders approved the Company`s Stock Incentive Plan (SIP). The SIP has a fixed maximum percentage of 10 of the Company's outstanding shares that are eligible for the plan pool, whereby the number of Shares under the SIP increase automatically with increases in the total number of shares. This "Evergreen" provision permits the reloading of shares that make up the available pool for the SIP, once the options granted have been exercised. The number of shares available for issuance under the SIP automatically increases as the total number of shares outstanding increase, including those shares issued upon exercise of options granted under the SIP, which become re-available for grant after exercise of option grants. The number of shares subject to the SIP and any outstanding awards under the SIP will be adjusted appropriately by the Board of Directors if the Company's common stock is affected through a reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, restructuring, reclassification, dividend (other than quarterly cash dividends) or other distribution, stock split, spin-off or sale of substantially all the Company's assets. 
 The SIP also has terms and limitations, including without limitation that the exercise price for stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the SIP must equal the stock's fair market value, based on the closing price per share of common stock, at the time the stock option or stock appreciation right is granted. The SIP is also subject to other limitations including; a limited exception for certain stock options assumed in corporate transactions; stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the SIP may not be "re-priced" without shareholder approval; stock-based awards under the SIP are subject to either three-year or one-year minimum vesting requirements, subject to exceptions for death, disability or termination of employment of an employee or upon a change of control; and shareholder approval is required for certain types of amendments to the SIP. 
 ITEM 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation ("MD A") is intended to help the reader understand our financial condition. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our financial statements and the accompanying integral notes ("Notes") thereto. The following statements may be forward-looking in nature and actual results may differ materially. 
 Plan of Operation: 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS: The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include the following: inability to locate property with mineralization, lack of financing for exploration efforts, competition to acquire mining properties; risks inherent in the mining industry, and risk factors that are listed in the Company's reports and registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 The Company continued advancement of the South Mountain Project in 2022 with BeMetals Corp. - Vancouver B.C. (TSX-V: BMET) - under an option agreement to complete the pre-development work and produce a preliminary economic analysis (PEA). On December 30, 2022, Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. by and through its subsidiaries Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, and South Mountain Mines, Inc., an Idaho Corporation ("SMMI") (collectively the "Company", "THMG", or "We", "Our" or "Us") agreed to terminate the Option Agreement, (the " BeMetals Option Agreement ") with BeMetals Corporation, a British Columbia corporation, and BeMetals USA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (" BeMetals BMET "). The Company's management has immediately commenced marketing the South Mountain Project to other groups that have expressed an interest. The Company's plan of operation for the next twelve months is to complete the South Mountain PEA on schedule and within budget. 
 Results of Operations: 
 In 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of 1,244,739, or 0.02 per share compared to a net loss of 571,796, or 0.01 per share for the same period of 2021. The increase in net loss was driven by a decreased of 500,000 in gain on mineral interests as a result of payments received pursuant to the terms of the BeMetals option agreement, for the year ending December 31, 2021. The Company also experienced an increase in legal and accounting expenses of 28,408 as well as an increase in management and administrative expenses of 201,862. The decrease in gain on mineral interest and increase in expenses was offset by a decrease in unrealized loss on investment recognized on the BeMetals stock when compared to the prior year. 
 
 18 

Fourth Quarter comparisons 
 Total revenue for the quarter ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 75,000 in management services income. Total operating expenses for the three months ending December 31, 2022 of 107,939 increased from the same respective time period in 2021 by 5,619 or 5 . Legal and accounting costs decreased in three-month period ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 by 9,227 for a total of 7,388 compared to 16,615 for the same period last year. Management and administrative expense increased by 15,490 or 18 to 103,374, this increase relates to a 12,802 refund received from our workers compensation insurer in November of 2021. Depreciation expense remained consistent with the prior year. 
 Year end comparisons December 31,2022 vs 2021 
 Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 500,000, or 63 , to 300,000 compared with 800,000 in the same period last year, While management service income remained consistent at 300,000 for both years, the gain on mineral interest decreased by 500,000 as a result of payments receive in 2021 pursuant to the terms of the Be Metals option agreement. The was no provision for additional or similar payments under the Option Agreement for 2022. 
 Total operating expenses for the period ending December 31, 2022 of 746,270 increased from the year ending December 31, 2021 by 219,288 or 42 . Exploration expenses decreased by 9,686 by 98 to 156 compared with 9,842 for the same period last year. This decrease is the result of expenditures related to Trout Creek and other potential mining projects. Legal and accounting costs increased 28,408 to 113,717, an increase of 33 , compared with 85,309 in the prior year. Management and administrative expenses increased by 201,862 or 47 principally due to stock compensation of 158,341, for stock options issued to our officers and director, on March 21, 2022, and Board of Directors compensation of 22,200. The Company did not recognize any stock compensation of in the year ending December 31, 2022. Depreciation expense continued to decrease as the Company's fixed assets are almost all fully depreciated. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources: 
 The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. Such an assumption contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have cash reserves and available for sale securities sufficient to cover normal operating expenditures for the following 12 months. 
 On December 30, 2022, Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. by and through its subsidiaries Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, and South Mountain Mines, Inc., an Idaho Corporation ("SMMI") (collectively the "Company", "THMG", or "We", "Our" or "Us") agreed to terminate an Option Agreement, (the " BeMetals Option Agreement ") with BeMetals Corporation, a British Columbia corporation, and BeMetals USA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (" BeMetals BMET "). 
 The "BeMetals Option Agreement was entered into on February 27, 2019, the original terms of the Option Agreement, BeMetals provided the funding to SMMI for project expenses including Management Services Income. The Company has 8 million common shares of BMET USA with a market value of 738,612, and the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 682,718 for the year ending December 31, 2022. 
 On July 19, 2021, management and certain Directors exercised options for 710,000 common shares at a price of 0.10 per share for total proceeds of 71,000 of which 35,534 was for cash and a 35,466 reduction in current liabilities related to advances from related parties for funds advanced by management and foregone wages. 
 On May 4, 2021, the Company sold 2,000,000 shares held in BeMetals Corp. for US 649,557 CAD 800,000). The shares of common stock were sold through Canaccord Genuity at a price of US 0.325 CAD 0.40). This sale meets the requirements under the terms of the BeMetals Option Agreement. The Company record a realized gain of 92,685, on the sale of BeMetals shares (see Footnote 4). 
 
 19 

The liquidity of the Company's additional sources of cash, or relief of demand for cash, includes additional external debt, the sale of shares of our stock, or alternative methods such as mergers or sale of our assets. The Company received 10,000,000 shares of BeMetals Corp. common stock in connection with the BeMetals Option Agreement. On May 17, 2021, the Company received US 649,557 from the sale of 2,000,000 shares of BeMetals common stock in an arranged transaction through Canaccord Genuity at a price of US 0.325 CAD 0.40) per share. Currently, there remains 8 million shares of BeMetals common stock being held at Canaccord Genuity that are available for sale. 
 Based upon current plans, Thunder Mountain Gold management is confident that the Company will have the financial strength and opportunities to meet its financial obligations for the next 12 months. Factors considered in substantiating this conclusion include: 
 
 On December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 682,718. 
 The Company has 8 million common shares of BMET USA with a market value of 738,612, on December 31, 2022. 
 The ability to raise additional equity capital based upon the results of the exploration and development conducted by BeMetals. 
 
 While there is much work to do, it is important to note, with the termination of BeMetals South Mountain Option Agreement. The Company's management has immediately commenced marketing the South Mountain Project to other groups that have expressed an interest. 
 We believe we have the ability to continue as a going concern, even though our total accumulated deficit of 6,351,381 as of December 31, 2022. Our plans for the long-term continuation as a going concern include financing our future operations through sales of our common stock and/or debt and the eventual profitable exploitation of our mining properties. The Company does have the option of selling BeMetals common stock shares. If we are not successful with our plans, equity holders could then lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
 At December 31, 2022, we have current assets of 1,441,443. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used for operating activities was 402,136. Our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including timing, cost and progress of our exploration efforts, our evaluation of, and decisions with respect to, our strategic alternatives, and costs associated with the regulatory approvals. If it turns out that we do not have enough cash to complete our exploration programs, we will make every effort to raise additional funds from public offerings, sale of liquid stock or loans. 
 
 On March 6, 2023, we had 555,381 cash in our bank accounts. 
 We do not include in this consideration any option payments mentioned below. 
 Management is committed to managing expenses of all types to not exceed the on-hand cash resources of the Company at any point in time, now or in the future. 
 The Company will also consider other sources of funding, including potential mergers, the sale of all or part of the Company`s BeMetals Corp. (TSX-V: BMET) common shares beneficially held, and/or additional farm-out of its other exploration property. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reports net cash used by operating activities of 402,136 compared to cash used by operating activities of 257,816 in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used by financing activities was 71,768, which included 66,768 in payments on related notes payables, and 5,000 t o non-controlling interest. The Company reported a net cash decrease of 473,904 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net cash increase of 882,467 for the same period in 2021. 
 Our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including timing, cost and progress of our exploration efforts, our evaluation of, and decisions with respect to, our strategic alternatives, and costs associated with the regulatory approvals. If it turns out that we do not have enough cash to complete our exploration programs, we will attempt to raise additional funds from a public offering, a private placement, mergers, farm-outs or loans. 
 
 20 

Additional financing will be required in the future to fund our planned operations. We do not know whether additional financing will be available when needed or on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional financing, when necessary, we may have to delay our exploration efforts or any property acquisitions or be forced to cease operations. Collaborative arrangements may require us to relinquish our rights to certain of our mining claims. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 During 2008 and 2009, three lease arrangements were made with landowners that own land parcels adjacent to the Company's South Mountain patented and unpatented mining claims. The leases were for a seven-year period, with options to renew, with annual payments (based on 20 per acre) listed in the following table. The leases have no work requirements. 

Contractual obligations 
 Payments due by period 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 2-3 years 
 4-5 years 
 More than 5 years 

Acree Lease (yearly, June)(1) 
 3,390 
 3,390 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Lowry Lease (yearly, October)(1)(2) 
 11,280 
 11,280 
 - 
 - 
 - 

OGT LLC (3) 
 15,000 
 5,000 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 29,670 
 19,670 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 

(1) Amounts shown are for the lease periods years 15 through 16, a total of 2 years that remains after 2021, the lease was extended an additional 10 years at 30/acre after 2014. 
 (2) The Lowry lease has an early buy-out provision for 50 of the remaining amounts owed in the event the Company desires to drop the lease prior to the end of the first seven-year period. 
 (3) OGT LLC, managed by the Company's wholly owned subsidiary SMMI, receives a 5,000 per year payment for up to 10 years, or until a 5 million capped NPI Royalty is paid. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 We have identified our critical accounting policies, the application of which may materially affect the financial statements, either because of the significance of the financials statement item to which they relate, or because they require management's judgment in making estimates and assumptions in measuring, at a specific point in time, events which will be settled in the future. The critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates which management believes have the most significant effect on the financial statements are set forth below: 
 a) Estimates. Our management routinely makes judgments and estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. As the number of variables and assumptions affecting the future resolution of the uncertainties increase, these judgments become even more subjective and complex. Although we believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results may differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in estimates and assumptions based upon actual results may have a material impact on our results of operation and/or financial condition. 
 b) Stock-based Compensation. The Company records stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, "Compensation - Stock Compensation" using the fair value method. All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. 
 c) Income Taxes. We have current income tax assets recorded in our financial statements that are based on our estimates relating to federal and state income tax benefits. Our judgments regarding federal and state income tax rates, items that may or may not be deductible for income tax purposes and income tax regulations themselves are critical to the Company's financial statement income tax items. 
 d) Investments. In a joint venture where the Company holds more than 50 of the voting interest and has significant influence, the joint venture is consolidated with the presentation of non-controlling interest. In determining whether significant influences exist, the Company considers its participation in policy-making decisions and its representation on the venture's management committee. 
 
 21 

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 ITEM 8 - CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 23 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 25 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 26 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 27 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 28 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 29 - 38 

22 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 23 

Going Concern- Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The financial statements for the years under audit have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. On December 30, 2022, the Company agreed to terminate an option agreement with BeMetals Corporation BeMetals ). We have identified Going Concern as a critical audit matter because the termination of the option agreement leaves the Company without recurring management fee revenue or operations funding, resulting in a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the Company s assessment of Going Concern. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 We reviewed the Company s forecast of revenues, operating expenses, and uses and sources of cash in management s assessment of whether the Company has sufficient liquidity to fund operations for at least one year from the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 We assessed availability of cash on hand and other current assets, specifically the Company s holdings of BeMetals Corp. securities, that could be utilized or liquidated to fund the Company s operating expenses for the twelve-month period forecasted. 
 We obtained a written representation form management concerning their assessment of Going Concern 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

Firm ID is 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 24 

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in BeMetals, at fair value (Note 4) 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Property and Equipment: 

Land 

Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Total property and equipment 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

Accrued related party liability (Note 6) 

Accrued interest payable to related parties (Note 6) 

Advance from BeMetals (Note 3) 

Deferred compensation (Note 6) 

Related parties notes payable (Note 6) 

Total current liabilities 

Accrued reclamation costs 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 1, 2 and 3) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock; par value, shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Less: shares of treasury stock, at cost 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interest in Owyhee Gold Trust (Note 3) 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

25 

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Gain on mineral interest (Note 3) 

Management service income 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Exploration 

Legal and accounting 

Management and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total operating expenses 

Net operating income (loss) 
 
 () 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, related parties 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investment 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Reclamation Expense 
 
 () 

Gain on sale of investment 

Other 

Total other (expense) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net (loss) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income - noncontrolling interest in Owyhee Gold Trust 

Net (loss) - Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net (loss) per common share-basic and diluted 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

26 

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued reclamation costs 

Gain on mineral interest 

() 

Unrealized (gain) loss on investment 

Gain on sale of investment 

() 

Change in: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 () 

Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

() 

Accrued related party liability 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Accrued interest payable to related parties 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Advance from BeMetals 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net cash used by operating activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of investment 

Proceeds from mineral interest (Note 3) 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Payments on related parties notes payable 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net cash (used) by financing activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 () 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Noncash financing and investing activities: 

Shares issued for settlement of option exercise with accrued interest and wages (Note 9) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

27 

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Deficit 

Non- Controlling Interest in OGT 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 
 
 () 

Stock Options exercised 

- 

- 

- 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Net income/(loss) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 
 
 () 

Stock Based Compensation 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Net income/(loss) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

28 

million common shares of BMET USA with a market value of , and the Company had cash and cash equivalents of for the year ending December 31,2022. 
 
 See Note 3 for further information. 

and has majority control, Owyhee Gold Trust, LLC ("OGT"). The Company's consolidated financial statements reflect the other investor's non-controlling, capped interest in OGT. Intercompany accounts are eliminated in consolidation. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, on its consolidated balance sheets relating to estimated mine closure and reclamation costs on its South Mountain Mines property. 

and , respectfully, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive due to the net loss for the period. 

period, with annual payments of per acre. The leases were renewed for an additional years at per acre paid annually; committed payments are listed in the table below. The leases have no work requirements. 

Lowry Lease (October) 

Total 

The Company has unpatented claims acres) in the Trout Creek area and unpatented claims in the South Mountain area. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made the decision not to maintain unpatented mining claims acres) in the Trout Creek area. 
 The claim fees are paid on these unpatented claims annually as follows: 

Trout Creek -Lander County, Nevada 

South Mountain-State of Idaho 

Total 

The "BeMetals Option Agreement was entered into on February 27, 2019, the original terms of the Option Agreement, BeMetals provided the funding to SMMI for project expenses including Management Services Income. The issuance of million common shares of BMET USA to TMRI had a fair value of , and the Company received cash payments of : in cash and in exchange for shares of the Company's common stock. 
 Also, according to the terms of the original agreement BMET USA and SMMI entered a management contract whereby BeMetals paid monthly to SMMI for management services to enable BMET to perform exploration and development work with respect to the South Mountain Project. Management service income of was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 SMMI Joint Venture - OGT, LLC 
 The Company's wholly owned subsidiary SMMI is the sole manager of the South Mountain Project in its entirety through a separate Mining Lease with Option to Purchase ("Lease Option") with the Company's majority-owned subsidiary OGT. SMMI has an option to purchase the South Mountain mineral interest for a capped million less net returns royalties paid through the date of exercise. The Lease Option expires in November 2026. If SMMI exercises the option, the option payment of million less advance royalties will be distributed 100 by OGT to OGT's minority member. Under the Lease Option, SMMI pays an advance of net returns royalty to OGT annually on November 4 which is distributed to OGT's minority member. 
 Under the OGT operating agreement, SMMI and ISGC II have and ownership, respectively, in OGT. SMMI is the sole manager and pays all expenses for exploration and development of the property. The Company has established 75 ownership and full management of the property. The Company had recognized an additional in reclamation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in 25 expense to OGT, LLC capital account. OGT's financial information is included 100 in the Company's consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company's consolidated financial statements reflect ISGC II's non-controlling interest. Changes in the non-controlling interest equity balance is as follows: 

Distribution to non-controlling interest 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Balance at end of year 

shares of BeMetals Corp. common stock that had a fair value of . 
 On May 4, 2021, the Company sold shares held in BeMetals Corp. for US CAD ). The shares of common stock were sold at a price of US CAD ). This sale met the requirements under the terms of the BeMetals Option Agreement. A foreign exchange gain of was recognized on the sale as the funds were not transferred to the company until May 17, 2021. 

The Company had an unrealized loss on the change in fair value of the investment of for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an unrealized loss of for the year ended December 31, 2021. The remaining 8 million shares of BeMetals stock held by the Company are considered available for sale. 

Buildings 

Construction Equipment 

Mining Equipment 

Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Land 

Total Property and Equipment 

. 
 Notes Payable 
 Mr. Jones is the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Jones received in principle payments, and accrued interest payments of retiring his notes payable during the year ended December 31, 2022. The note, as amended, was due in full on December 31, 2022, and stopped accruing monthly interest on January 1, 2021. Mr. Jones received no payments during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 James Collord, the Company's Vice President and Chief Operating Officer was paid , paying off the principal of the note payable balance of as well as of accrued interest ending December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Collord received a payment of accrued interest of , paying off his accrued interest payable balance at December 31, 2022. 
 Deferred Officer Compensation 
 Three of the Company's officers began deferring compensation for services on April 1, 2015. On July 31, 2018, the Company stopped expensing and deferring compensation for the three Company officers in the interest of marketing the SMMI project. As part of the BeMetals agreement (Note 3), the Company resumed compensation for these officers on May 15, 2019. The officers deferred compensation balances at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 represent the balances deferred prior to the BeMetals agreement and are as follows: Eric Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer - ; Jim Collord, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer - ; and Larry Thackery, Chief Financial Officer - , for a total of . 

Accrued Related Party Liability 
 From 2015 to 2018 the Company engaged Baird Hanson LLP ("Baird"), a company owned by one of the Company's former directors, to provide legal services. The Company's director Joseph Baird retired from the Board of Directors of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc., and from all other positions or offices with the Company effective April 11, 2022. Baird received in payments during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the balance due to Baird for prior years' legal services was and , respectfully. 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company agreed to facilitate the sale of shares of the Company's common stock held by Joseph Baird, one of the Company's former directors and a shareholder. In anticipation of the sale, the Company received for the sale of shares that had not yet transferred to the purchasers. The Company held funds in prepaid expense, deposits and other assets with a corresponding liability due to Mr. Baird of classified in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 

with shares authorized. The Company also has authorized shares of preferred stock with a par value of . 
 On July 19, 2021, the Company issued common shares as a result of stock options exercised by Company officers and certain Directors. The options entitled the holder to receive one share of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company received net cash proceeds from the option exercise of in exchange for common shares from certain directors and issued an additional common shares to settle advanced funds, accrued wages, and accrued interest due to certain officers of . 

stock options to officers and directors of the Company. The fair value of the options was determined to be using the Black Scholes model, and included share-based payment awards to nonemployees of . The Company has elected to recognize the effect of forfeitures in compensation cost when they occur. Previously recognized compensation cost for a nonemployee share-based payment award shall be reversed in the period that the award is forfeited. The options are exercisable on or before March 21, 2027 and have an exercise price of . The options were fully vested upon grant and the entire fair value was recognized as compensation expense during the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
 On July 19, 2021, management and Board members exercised stock options for shares of common stock for total consideration . The Company issued common shares in exchange for advanced funds, accounts payables, and accrued interest payable to management for a nonmonetary value of . An additional common shares were exercised for cash consideration of . 
 On July 19, 2021, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric Jones, exercised stock options representing shares of common stock for total consideration of . This payment was noncash representing from the accounts payable and net of accrued wages. James Collord, the Company's Vice President and Chief Operating Officer exercised stock options in the amount of representing shares of common stock Mr. Collord exercised stock options, using of accrued interest plus in accrued wages, net of in related taxes, to cover the option exercise price of . Additionally, Larry Thackery, the Company's CFO, exercised stock options for shares of common stock for with in cash, and in accrued wages, net of in related taxes. Board Members, Ralph Noyes, and Doug Glaspey exercised stock options of and shares of common stock, respectively. This transaction was a cash transaction of for Ralph Noyes, and for Doug Glaspey for a total of in cash. 

The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of the grant using the assumptions noted in the following table: 

Exercise price 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Expected terms (in years) 

Risk-free rate 

For the year ended December, 2022, options were granted and options expired. 
 The following is a summary of the Company's options issued and outstanding under the SIP: 

Exercised 
 
 () 

Expired 
 
 () 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 
 
 () 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The average remaining contractual term of the options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 was years. On December 31, 2022, options outstanding and exercisable had no aggregate intrinsic value based on the Company's stock price of at December 31, 2022. 

and , respectively including both federal and Idaho state components. Significant components of net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Share-based Comp 

Deferred Compensation 

Investments 

Mineral Properties 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Investment in OGT 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Investments 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

Less valuation allowance 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company fully reserved the deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as management of the Company cannot determine that it is more likely than not that, the Company will realize the benefits of the deferred tax assets. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately million of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards. million of net operating losses will expire between 2030 and 2037. million of the losses were incurred after 2017 and can be carried forward indefinitely, although usage of these net operating losses is limited to of taxable income in future tax years. 
 The income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 differs from the federal statutory rate as follows: 

State taxes 

Change in prior year tax estimate 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total 

- 

- 

The Company has analyzed its filing positions in all jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns and found no positions that would require a liability for uncertain income tax benefits to be recognized. The Company is subject to possible tax examinations for the years 2019 through 2022. Prior year tax attributes could be adjusted by taxing authorities. If applicable, the Company will deduct interest and penalties as interest expense on the financial statements. 

and in lease payments, respectfully, which was reimbursed by BeMetals under the terms of the Option Agreement. 

will be recognized on the lease inception date, February 1, 2023. To calculate the liability and right of use asset, the Company utilized a incremental borrowing rate to discount the future rent payments of approximately per month over the two year lease term. The lease contains no renewal option. 

On February 7, 2023, the Company entered into Mutual Release with BeMetals Corp, pertaining to the termination of the Option Agreement, (the " BeMetals Option Agreement ") on December 30, 2022. In consideration of an amount of the Company acknowledge and agreed that BeMetals Corp. has paid all expenses and obligations as it relates to the BeMetals Option Agreement. 
 On January 31, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved a resolution to purchase 56 acres of private land package (Boulder No. 2 patented and 36 acres of fee land with minerals) that is strategic to exploration and development, and contiguous on the south end with the existing patented and lode claims at the S outh Mountain Project. A real estate purchase and sale agreement was signed on February 7, 2023. Under terms of the agreement a down payment was paid (contingent upon a clean clear title to the property), and the balance of due by December 29, 2023, close of business. 

38 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in independent audit firms or consulting firms who provide accounting assistance. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no disagreements between the Company and its independent certified public accountants concerning accounting and financial disclosure. 
 ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 At the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision of, and with the participation of, the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a - 15(e) and Rule 15d - 15(e) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were adequately designed and effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports that it files or submits to the SEC under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time specified in applicable rules and forms. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have also determined that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow for accurate required disclosure to be made on a timely basis. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company's financial statements for external reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") and concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, based on these criteria. 
 Changes in internal controls over financial reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 39 

PART III 
 ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 This section sets forth certain information with respect to the Company's current directors and executive officers, as well as information about appointments subsequent to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Directors and Executive Officers: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position with the Company 
 Director Since 

Eric T. Jones 
 60 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 March 2006 

E. James Collord 
 76 
 Vice-President, Chief Operating Officer, Director 
 Since 1978 

Paul Beckman 
 69 
 Director 
 February 2017 

Ralph Noyes 
 75 
 Director 
 May 2016 

Douglas J. Glaspey 
 70 
 Director 
 June 2008 

Larry D. Kornze 
 75 
 Director 
 January 2013 

James A. Sabala 
 68 
 Director 
 October 2016 

Larry Thackery 
 64 
 CFO 
 January 2013 

Background and experience: 
 Eric T. Jones - President and Chief Executive Officer - has over 30 years of mining, and financial experience, with a B.S. in Geological Engineering from the University of Idaho. Mr. Jones joined the Board of Thunder Mountain Gold in 2006, the management team in 2008, and was appointed President and Chief Executive Office in 2011 by the Board. Prior to that, Mr. Jones served as Chief Financial Officer, and Vice President of Investor Relations, and Secretary/Treasurer. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Jones was General Manager at Dakota Mining`s Stibnite Mine gold heap leach operation in central Idaho. He has held management positions for Hecla Mining at their Yellow Pine Mine, Stibnite, Idaho, and Environmental Manager at their Rosebud Mine, Lovelock, Nevada. Prior to working with Hecla, Eric was the mine engineer at the Cactus Gold Mine in southern California and has worked throughout the western U.S. in both precious metals and oil and gas exploration. 
 James Collord has a MS degree in exploration geology from the Mackay School of Mines, University of Nevada, Reno (1980). He has been a mining professional for 42 years, employed in a variety of capacities, including mill construction superintendent, exploration geologist, mine construction and reclamation manager, and in environmental and lands management. During the period 1975 through 1997, Mr. Collord worked for Freeport Exploration where he worked with a successful exploration team that discovered several Nevada mines. Later in his Freeport career, he managed mining operations and lead permitting efforts at the Big Springs and Jerritt Canyon Mines. For the period 1997 through 2005, Mr. Collord was Environmental and Lands Superintendent at Cortez Gold Mines, a large Nevada mine that was a joint venture between Placer Dome and Kennecott Minerals. After retirement from Cortez, and until his employment by Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc. in April 2007, he managed the Elko offices for environmental and hydrogeologic consulting groups. He is the grandson of Daniel C. McRae, the original locator of the gold mines in the Thunder Mountain Gold Mining District in the early 1900s. 
 Paul Beckman is an entrepreneur and owner of Bella Vista Farms, in Eagle Idaho. Paul serves as Manager and Consultant to the Camille Beckman Corporation where he oversees technology, accounting systems, and daily facility operations. He currently serves on the Board of the Camille Beckman Foundation, and is the co-owner of two small gold mines in central Idaho. Paul attained the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Air Force where he was a Director - Contracting Automation Systems, managing over 150 personnel responsible for Air Force Contracting Systems. During his service he consolidated two major commands and served as a Missile Launch Officer, Pilot, and Contracting Officer. Paul earned his M.A., in Administration at Webster College, and a B.Sc. in Agricultural Economics from the University of Idaho. 
 Ralph Noyes was appointed as Director on April 10, 2015. Mr. Noyes brings over 40 years of experience in exploration, mine and project management, executive management, junior mining company boards, and including 15 years in investment portfolio management with Salomon Smith Barney, then Wells Fargo Advisors. Ralph has a wealth of operational experience, most notably Manager of Mines and Vice President of Metal Mining with Hecla Mining Company. Ralph oversaw all of Hecla`s operating mines in Idaho, Washington, Alaska, Utah, Nevada, and Mexico. Mr. Noyes took a temporary leave from the Company`s Board on February 17, 2016 due to a conflict that was brought to his attention by a previous employer. He was reinstated on the Board in May of 2016. 
 
 40 

Douglas J. Glaspey was formerly President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director of U.S. Geothermal Inc. which was purchased in April 2018. Mr. Glaspey has 38 years of operating and management experience with experience in production management, planning and directing resource exploration programs, preparing feasibility studies and environmental permitting. He was the Sinter Plant Superintendent for ASARCO at the Glover Lead Smelter in Missouri, Chief Metallurgist at Earth Resources Company at the DeLamar Silver Mine in Idaho, Chief Metallurgist for Asamera Minerals at the Cannon Gold Mine in Washington, Project Manager for Atlanta Gold Corporation at the Atlanta Project in Idaho and Ramrod Gold Corporation in Nevada. He formed and served as an executive officer of several private resource companies in the U.S., including Drumlummon Gold Mines Corporation and Black Diamond Corporation. He founded U.S. Cobalt Inc. in l998 and took the company public on the TSX Venture Exchange in March 2000. In December 2003, he led a Reverse Take Over and transformed the company to U.S. Geothermal Inc. changing the business from mineral exploration to geothermal development. US Geothermal was traded on the NYSE MKT exchange. He holds a BS degree in Mineral Processing Engineering and an Associate of Science in Engineering Science. 
 Larry D. Kornze, B.Sc. joined the Board in January 2013, and is geological engineer with over 45-years' experience in the precious metals industry. Mr. Kornze was the General Manager of Exploration and U.S. Exploration Manager for Barrick Gold Corporation (NYSE: ABX) from 1987 to 2001, on projects ranging from the Americas to International projects, including Mexico, Central America, China, Philippines, Myanmar, Ethiopia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Indonesia, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, and Dominican Republic. Mr. Kornze directed mine site exploration activities for the Barrick Goldstrike Mine, and the Betze, Meikle, Deepstar, Screamer, and Rodeo deposits. He managed the Betze/Deep Post reserve development drilling and reserve estimation, along with general U.S. exploration. Mr. Kornze was Chief Geologist for Operations and New Projects at Barrick Mercur Gold Mines, Inc. from 1985 - 1986. Prior to working for Barrick, Mr. Kornze was Chief Geologist for Newmont Mines Ltd., Similkameen Division, B.C., and Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE: NEM) of Canada from 1968 to 1981. Mr. Kornze has a B.Sc. Geological Engineering, Colorado School of Mines, and is a Professional Engineer of the Province of British Columbia. He also serves as a director of other Toronto Stock Exchange Venture listed mining companies. 
 James A. Sabala was appointed as Director on October 27, 2016. Mr. Sabala brings 38 years of financial mining experience, graduated from the University of Idaho with a B.S. Business, Summa Cum Laude in 1978, and currently resides near Coeur d`Alene, Idaho. Prior to his retirement in May, 2016, Mr. Sabala was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hecla Mining Company, a silver, gold, lead and zinc mining company with operations throughout North America and Mexico. Mr. Sabala was appointed Chief Financial Officer in May 2008 and Senior Vice President in March 2008. Prior to his employment with Hecla Mining Company, Mr. Sabala was Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer of Coeur Mining from 2003 to February 2008. Mr. Sabala also served as Vice President-Chief Financial Officer of Stillwater Mining Company from 1998 to 2002. Mr. Sabala has served as a director of Arch Coal (NYSE:ACI) since February, 2015 until October 2016, and currently serves as a director of Dolly Varden Silver (TSX-V: DV). 
 Larry Thackery has a Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from Weber State University, and over thirty years' experience of a progressive accounting/operations career. On January 8, 2013, the Company appointed Larry Thackery as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Thackery brings a wide array of experience/knowledge from different industries, including work in retail with Mrs. Fields Cookies and Snug Co, to distribution with Idacold, and manufacturing with Baseline Inc., and NxEdge Inc. Mr. Thackery has a background in corporate planning, financial analysis, and financial reporting. He is an experienced accounting controller and operations manager with strong analytical skills, computer experience, and proven successful operations development. Hands on experience with the overall operations process, inventory system, variance reporting, budgeting, and forecasting financial analysis of multimillion-dollar corporations. 
 Directorships in reporting companies: 
 James Sabala is the only director of the Registrant that is a director of another corporation subject to the requirements of Section 12 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 41 

Significant Employees: 
 Three of the Company's officers began deferring compensation for services on April 1, 2015. On July 31, 2018, the Company stopped expensing and deferring compensation for the three Company officers in the interest of marketing the SMMI project. As part of the BeMetals agreement, the Company resumed compensation for these officers on May 15, 2019. The officers deferred compensation balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 represent the balances deferred prior to the BeMetals agreement and are as follows: Eric Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer - 420,000; Jim Collord, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer - 420,000; and Larry Thackery, Chief Financial Officer - 201,500. 
 Family Relationships: 
 None. 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings: 
 None of the officers and directors of the Registrant have been involved in any bankruptcy, insolvency, or receivership proceedings as an individual or member of any partnership or corporation; none have ever been convicted in a criminal proceeding or is the subject of a criminal proceeding presently pending. None have been involved in proceedings concerning his ability to act as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker, or dealer in securities, or to act in a responsible capacity for an investment company, bank savings and loan association, or insurance company or limiting his activity in connection with the purchase and sale of any security or engaging in any type business practice. None have been enjoined from engaging in any activity in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws nor been involved in a civil action regarding the violation of such laws. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance: 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company's directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially owns more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company's equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of change in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, no persons failed to file on a timely basis, the identified reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Audit Committee: 
 The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight and management of the Company. On January 28, 2010, an Audit Committee was designated from members of the Board and currently consists of Douglas Glaspey, Ralph Noyes, and James Sabala as independent members of the committee. 
 Compensation Committee: 
 The Purpose of the Compensation Committee is to conduct an annual review to determine whether the Company's executive compensation program is meeting the goals and objectives set by the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee recommends for approval by the Board of Directors the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and directors, including salaries, incentive compensation levels and stock awards, and reviews and approves compensation proposals made for the other executive officers. During Fiscal 2018, The Compensation Committee consists of the following members: Doug Glaspey and Ralph Noyes. Mr. Glaspey was appointed as Chair of the Compensation Committee. The Board first appointed the Compensation Committee in May of 2012, met once in 2021, and did not meet in 2022. 
 Special Committee: 
 The Purpose of the Special Committee is to review and analyze the issues pertaining to potential strategic alternatives for Thunder Mountain Gold Inc. and its subsidiary(ies) (together, the "Company"), which analysis should include, but not be limited to, the advantages and disadvantages of any strategic alternatives available to the Company, and the appropriateness and form of any consideration in relation to the Company's stockholders in connection with any proposed transaction which should also be considered. The Special Committee directs the Company management to take any actions on the part of the Company, in addition to those normally undertaken by management (such as instructions to the professional advisers of the Company), if the Committee considers that such actions are necessary or advisable. The Committee, appointed by the Board, is comprised of three independent directors: James Sabala (Chairman), Ralph Noyes, and Paul Beckman. Each member meets the independence requirements of the relevant securities exchanges and regulatory agencies as may apply from time to time and is independent of management and free from any relationship that, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of his or her independent judgment as a committee member. 
 
 42 

Code of Ethics: 
 The Board of Directors has formally adopted a Code of Ethics in 2010. This Code of Ethics is published on the Company's website. 
 Indemnification of Directors and Officers: 
 The Company's By-Laws address indemnification of Directors and Officers. Nevada law provides that Nevada corporations may include within their articles of incorporation provisions eliminating or limiting the personal liability of their directors and officers in shareholder actions brought to obtain damages for alleged breaches of fiduciary duties, as long as the alleged acts or omissions did not involve intentional misconduct, fraud, a knowing violation of law or payment of dividends in violation of the Nevada statutes. Nevada law also allows Nevada corporations to include in their Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws provisions to the effect that expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending a civil or criminal action must be paid by the corporation as they are incurred, subject to an undertaking on behalf of the officer or director that he or she will repay such expenses if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such officer or director is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation because such officer or director did not act in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. 
 The Company's Articles of Incorporation provide that a director or officer is not personally liable to the Company or its shareholders for damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for liability for: (i) acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law, or (ii) the payment of distributions in violation of Nevada Revised Statutes, 78.300. In addition, Nevada Revised Statutes 78.751 and Article VII of the Company's Bylaws, under certain circumstances, provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company against liabilities which they may incur in such capacities. 
 ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Summary Compensation 
 Compensation to directors also included reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses that are incurred in connection with the Directors' duties associated with the Company's business. There are currently no other compensation arrangements for the Company's Directors. The following table provides certain summary information for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and three other highest paid executive officers, including the Directors of the Company: 

43 

Incentive 

Deferred 

All Other 

Stock 

Option 

Plan 

Compensation 

Compensation/ 

Name and 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Earnings 

Directors Fee 

Total 

Position 
 Year 
 
 US) 

US) 

US) 

US) 

US) 

US) 

US) 

US) 

Jim Collord, 
 2022 
 
 60,000 

14,400 

74,400 

V.P./COO 
 2021 
 
 62,500 

- 

62,500 

Eric T. Jones 
 2022 
 
 132,000 

14,400 

146,400 

President/CEO 
 2021 
 
 158,913 

- 

158,913 

Paul Beckman 
 2022 

15,300 

Director 
 2021 

- 

Larry Thackery 
 2022 
 
 84,000 

14,400 

98,400 

CFO 
 2021 
 
 89,917 

- 

89,917 

Doug Glaspey 
 2022 

20,700 

Director 
 2021 

- 

Larry Kornze 
 2022 

14,400 

Director 
 2021 

- 

Ralph Noyes 
 2022 

21,600 

Director 
 2021 

- 

James A. Sabala 
 2022 

19,800 

Director 
 2021 

- 

There are no compensatory plans or arrangements for compensation of any Director in the event of his termination of office, resignation, or retirement. 
 Long-term Incentives: 
 On July 17, 2011, the shareholders approved a Stock Incentive Plan (the "SIP"). The SIP was again approved by the Shareholders on January 20, 2015, and April 25, 2017. The SIP will be administered by the Compensation Committee or Board of Directors and provides for the grant of stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, and incentive awards to eligible individuals including directors, executive officers and advisors that have furnished bona fide services to the Company not related to the sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction. 
 The SIP has a fixed maximum percentage of 10 of the Company's outstanding shares that are eligible for the plan pool, whereby the number of Shares under the SIP increase automatically with increases in the total number of shares. This "Evergreen" provision permits the reloading of shares that make up the available pool for the SIP, once the options granted have been exercised. The number of shares available for issuance under the SIP automatically increases as the total number of shares outstanding increase, including those shares issued upon exercise of options granted under the SIP, which become re-available for grant subsequent to exercise of option grants. The number of shares subject to the SIP and any outstanding awards under the SIP will be adjusted appropriately by the Board of Directors if the Company's common stock is affected through a reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, restructuring, reclassification, dividend (other than quarterly cash dividends) or other distribution, stock split, spin-off or sale of substantially all of the Company's assets. 
 The SIP also has terms and limitations, including that the exercise price for stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the SIP must equal the stock's fair market value, based on the closing price per share of common stock, at the time the stock option or stock appreciation right is granted. The SIP is also subject to other limitation including; a limited exception for certain stock options assumed in corporate transactions; stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the SIP may not be "re-priced" without shareholder approval; stock-based awards under the SIP are subject to either three-year or one-year minimum vesting requirements, subject to exceptions for death, disability or termination of employment of an employee or upon a change of control; and shareholder approval is required for certain types of amendments to the SIP. 
 Employment Contracts: 
 During 2022, there were three Company employees - Eric Jones, Jim Collord, and Larry Thackery. They were employed per resolution of the Board and other than a monthly salary, plus normal burden, there are no other contractual understandings in the resolutions. Each is reimbursed for the use of personal office equipment and phones, and Jim and Eric are reimbursed for health insurance and related costs up to a set maximum amount, when the Company is financially able to cover the reimbursements. 
 
 44 

Share-Based Payments: 
 On March 27, 2020, the Company granted 1,630,000 stock options to officers and directors of the Company. The fair value of the options was determined to be 159,740 using the Black Scholes model. The options are exercisable on or before March 29, 2025 and have an exercise price of 0.099. The options were fully vested upon grant and the entire fair value was recognized as compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 On March 21, 2022, the Company granted 1,820,000 stock options to advisors, officers and directors of the Company. The options The fair value of the options was determined to be 158,341 using the Black Scholes model. The total amount of compensation cost recognized for share-based payment awards to nonemployees was 27,840. The Company has elected to recognize the effect of forfeitures in compensation cost when they occur. Previously recognized compensation cost for a nonemployee share-based payment award shall be reversed in the period that the award is forfeited. The options are exercisable on or before March 21, 2027 and have an exercise price of 0.09. The options were fully vested upon grant and the entire fair value was recognized as compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment or Change of Control 
 We have no plans or arrangements in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination of employment (as a result of resignation or retirement) or change of control transaction. 
 ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of the Company's common stock as of December 31, 2022, by: 
 
 the Company's named executive officers; 
 the Company's directors; 
 all of the Company's executive officers and directors as a group; and each person who is known to beneficially own more than 5 of the Company's issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Name of Shareholder 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of Beneficial Ownership(1) 

Amount Stock Option Ownership 

Directors and Executive Officers 

E. James Collord - VP/COO/Dir 
 
 2,800,705 (2)(3) 
 
 4.57 

440,000 

Eric T. Jones - President/CEO/Dir 
 
 3,997,214 (2) 
 
 6.52 

440,000 

Paul Beckman - Dir 
 
 11,508,645 (4) 
 
 18.76 

490,000 

Doug Glaspey - Dir 
 
 875,000 (2) 
 
 1.42 

625,000 

Larry D. Kornze - Dir 
 
 445,000 

.73 

440,000 

James A. Sabala - Dir 
 
 - 

- 

625,000 

Ralph Noyes - Dir 
 
 825,000 

1.37 

675,000 

Larry Thackery - CFO 
 
 890,000 (2) 
 
 1.45 

440,000 

All current executive officers and directors as a group 
 
 21,341,564 

34.79 

4,175,000 

45 

(1) Based on 60,855,579 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2022, together with all applicable options and warrants for each stockholder. Shares of our stock subject to options are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage or ownership of the persons holding such options. 
 (2) Sole voting and investment power. 
 (3) Includes 50,000 shares held in trust for Mr. Collord's son, Jerritt Collord. 
 (4) Includes 5,000,000 shares held in P F Development, a Private Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of common stock that can be sold by officers, directors, principal shareholders, and others pursuant to Rule 144 was 60,855,579. As a condition to our listing on the TSX-V in 2010, our officers and directors were required to deposit their common stock totaling 4,799,239 shares, into an escrow account with Computershare Investor Services, Inc. Those escrowed shares were subject to the TSX-V's Tier 1 escrow requirement at that time. Those requirements provide for an 18-month escrow release mechanism with 25 of the escrowed securities being released on September 24, 2010 (the date our common shares commenced trading on the TSX-V), and 25 of the escrowed securities to be released every 6 months thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, all of the escrowed shares have been released back to the officers and directors. 
 Changes in Control: 
 The Board of Directors is aware of no circumstances which may result in a change of control of the Company. 
 ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Transactions with Management and Others: 
 In addition to the related parties notes payable discussed in Note 6, the Company had the following related party transactions: 
 Three of the Company's officers began deferring compensation for services on April 1, 2015. On July 31, 2018, the Company stopped expensing and deferring compensation for the three Company officers in the interest of marketing the SMMI project. As part of the BeMetals agreement (Note 3), the Company resumed compensation for these officers on May 15, 2019. The officers deferred compensation balances at December 31, 2021 and 2020 represent the balances deferred prior to the BeMetals agreement and are as follows: Eric Jones, President and Chief Executive Officer - 420,000; Jim Collord, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer - 420,000; and Larry Thackery, Chief Financial Officer - 201,500. 
 The Company engaged Baird Hanson LLP ("Baird"), at the time, was a company owned by one of the Company's directors, to provide legal services in 2018. In advance of the BeMetals transaction Mr. Baird withdrew Baird Hanson LLP as counsel to avoid any appearance of a conflict with the then-proposed BeMetals Corp. transaction. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company incurred 65,530 in legal expense with Mr. Baird. There was no expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance due to Baird was 146,685 and 166,685, respectfully. 
 On July 19, 2021, management and Board members exercised stock options for 710,000 shares of common stock for total consideration 71,000. The Company issued 354,648 common shares in exchange for advanced funds, accounts payables, and accrued interest payable to management for a nonmonetary value of 35,466. An additional 355,352 common shares were exercised for cash consideration of 35,534. 
 The Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric Jones, exercised stock options representing 200,000 shares of common stock for total consideration of 20,000. This payment was noncash representing 7,146 from the accounts payable and 12,854 net of accrued wages. James Collord, the Company's Vice President and Chief Operating Officer exercised stock options in the amount of 10,000 representing 100,000 shares of common stock Mr. Collord exercised stock options, using 8,163 of accrued interest plus 2,500 in accrued wages, net of 663 in related taxes, to cover the option exercise price of 10,000. Additionally, Larry Thackery, Company's CFO, exercised stock options for 160,000 shares of common stock for 16,000 with 10,535 in cash, and 5,917 in accrued wages, net of 453 in related taxes. 
 
 46 

Certain Business Relationships: 
 There have been no unusual business relationships during the last fiscal year of the Registrant between the Registrant and affiliates as described in Item 404 (b) (1-6) of the Regulation S-K. 
 Indebtedness of Management: 
 No Director or executive officer or nominee for Director, or any member of the immediate family of such has been indebted to the Company during the past year. 
 Directors' Stock Purchases 
 Stock transactions for directors and officers were reported on Form 4 or Form 5 and are available on the SEC website. 
 Director Independence 
 On December 31, 2022 Douglas Glaspey, Larry Kornze, James A. Sabala, Ralph Noyes, and Paul Beckman are independent Members of the Board of Thunder Mountain Gold Inc. 
 ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 
 The following table presents fees billed to the Company relating to the audit of the Financial Statements at December 31, 2022, as provided by Assure CPA, LLC. We expect that Assure CPA, LLC will serve as our auditors for fiscal year 2022. Assure CPA LLC has served as an independent auditor for the Corporation since the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. This firm is experienced in the field of auditing and mining accounting and is professionally qualified to act in the capacity of auditors. 

Year Ended 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Audit fees (1) 
 
 45,500 

45,500 

Audit-related fees (2) 
 
 1,413 

100 

All other fees (3) 
 
 600 

613 

Total Fees 
 
 47,513 

46,213 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services provided in connection with the audit of the Company's financial statements, and assistance with reviews of documents filed with the SEC. (2) Audit-related fees consist of assurance and related services that include, but are not limited to, internal control reviews, attest services not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. (3) All other fees consist of fees billed for products and services other than the services reported above. 

The Company's Board of Directors reviewed the audit services rendered by Assure CPA, LLC and concluded that such services were compatible with maintaining the auditors' independence. All audit, non-audit, tax services, and other services performed by the independent accountants are pre-approved by the Board of Directors to assure that such services do not impair the auditors' independence from the Company. The Company does not use Assure CPA LLC for financial information system design and implementation. We do not engage Assure CPA LLC to provide compliance outsourcing services. 
 
 47 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as pa r t of this report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference: 
 (1) Our financial statements can be found in Item 8 of this report. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules (omitted because they are either not required, are not applicable, or the required information is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements or related notes). 
 (3) The following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference: 
 EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibits 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Montgomery Mines Inc, October 30, 1935 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment, Montgomery Mines Inc., April 12, 1948 

3.3 
 Articles of Amendment, Montgomery Mines Inc., February 6, 1970 

3.4 
 Articles of Amendment, Montgomery Mines Inc., April 10, 1978 

3.5 
 Articles of Amendment, Thunder Mountain Gold, August 26, 1985 

3.6 
 Articles of Amendment, Thunder Mountain Gold, October 17, 1985 

3.7 
 Articles of Incorporation, Thunder Mountain Gold Inc. (Nevada), December 11, 2007 

3.8 
 Bylaws, Montgomery Mines Inc. 

3.9 
 Bylaws, Thunder Mountain Gold Inc. (Nevada) 

10.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, Thunder Mountain Gold (Nevada) 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)(Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002). 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)(Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002). 

32.1 
 Certificate of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 

32.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 

101 
 The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) and (v) Notes to Financial Statements 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 10-KSB, filed on April 16, 2008, SEC File No. 001-08429. 

Filed herewith. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 None 
 
 48 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 143 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf of the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 THUNDER MOUNTAIN GOLD, INC. 

By 
 /s/ Eric T. Jones 

Eric T. Jones 

President, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 27, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934 this report signed below by the following person on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities on the date indicated 

By 
 /s/ Larry Thackery 

Larry Thackery 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 27, 2023 

49 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.: Exhibit 21.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 The Company is structured as follows: Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, owns 100 of the outstanding stock of Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc., a Nevada Corporation. Thunder Mountain Resources, Inc. owns 100 of the outstanding stock of South Mountain Mines, Inc., an Idaho Corporation. South Mountain Mines, Inc. owns 75 ownership of Owyhee Gold Territory, LLC (f/k/a Owyhee Gold Trust, LLC), an Idaho Limited Liability Company. Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, also owns 100 of the outstanding stock of South Mountain Mine Services, an Idaho Limited Liability Company. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Eric T. Jones, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 27, 2023 
 By: /s/ Eric T. Jones 
 President, Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant to be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Larry Thackery, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 27, 2023 
 By /s/ Larry Thackery 
 Larry Thackery 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant to be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Thunder Mountain Gold Inc, (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Eric T. Jones, President, Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 /s/ Eric T. Jones 
 By __________________________________ 
 Eric T. Jones 
 President, Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: March 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Thunder Mountain Gold, Inc.: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Thunder Mountain Gold Inc, (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Larry Thackery, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By /s/ Larry Thackery 
 Larry Thackery 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 27, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 thmg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 thmg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 thmg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 thmg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

