<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1385613_0001385613-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29901574</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>534644</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>10840559</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9077300</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4474582</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4497959</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001385613-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308163458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001385613-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		149
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001385613
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33493
		FILM NUMBER:		23716615

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		65 MARKET STREET, SUITE 1207,
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY, P.O. BOX 31110
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		345 943 4573

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		65 MARKET STREET, SUITE 1207,
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY, P.O. BOX 31110
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001385613-23-000012.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 glre-20221231.htm
 10-K

glre-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) Grand Cayman (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022, was , based on the closing price of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Solely for the purpose of this calculation and for no other purpose, the non-affiliates of the registrant are assumed to be all shareholders of the registrant other than (i) directors of the registrant, (ii) executive officers of the registrant who are identified as named executives pursuant to Item 11 of this Form 10-K, (iii) any shareholder that beneficially owns 10 or more of the registrant s common shares and (iv) any shareholder that has one or more of its affiliates on the registrant s board of directors. Such exclusion is not intended, nor shall it be deemed, to be an admission that such persons are affiliates of the registrant. 
 Class A Ordinary Shares, 0.10 par value Class B Ordinary Shares, 0.10 par value (Class) Outstanding at March 3, 2023 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 3 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 GLOSSARY OF SELECTED REINSURANCE TERMS 
 19 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 23 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 48 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 49 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 49 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 49 
 PART II 
 49 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS , AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 49 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 51 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 51 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 74 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 76 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 76 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 76 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 78 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 78 
 PART III 
 78 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 78 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 78 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 78 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 79 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 79 
 PART IV 
 80 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 80 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 80 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 81 
 SIGNATURES 
 84 

2 

Link to Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, predict, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We have included a detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements in the section entitled Risk Factors (refer to Part I, Item 1A). Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Our results of operations fluctuate from period to period and may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. 
 A downgrade or withdrawal of our A.M. Best ratings would materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 Any suspension or revocation of any of our licenses would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 Our investment performance depends in part on the performance of SILP and may suffer as a result of adverse financial market developments or other factors that impact SILP s liquidity, which could materially and adversely affect our investment results, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The carry values of our Innovations investments may differ significantly from those that would be used if we carried these investments at fair value. 
 Our level of debt may have an adverse impact on our liquidity, restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to business opportunities, and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re and/or GRIL may be subject to United States federal income taxation. 

We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether due to new information, future events, or otherwise. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only to the dates they were made. 
 
 We intend to communicate certain events that we believe may have a material adverse impact on our operations or financial position, including property and casualty catastrophic events and material losses in our investment portfolio, in a timely manner through a public announcement. Other than as required by the Exchange Act, we do not intend to make public announcements regarding reinsurance or investment events that we do not believe, based on management s estimates and current information, will have a material adverse impact on our operations or financial position. 

3 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this annual report on Form 10-K to the Company, we, us, our, and similar expressions are references to Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this annual report to entity names are as set forth in the following table: 
 
 Reference Entity s legal name Greenlight Capital Re Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. Greenlight Re Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. GRIL Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, Designated Activity Company Verdant Verdant Holding Company, Ltd. Greenlight Re UK Greenlight Re Marketing (UK) Limited Syndicate 3456 Greenlight Innovation Syndicate 3456 GCM Greenlight Re Corporate Member Ltd. 
 
 We have included a Glossary of Selected Reinsurance Terms at the end of Part 1, Item 1. Business of this Form 10-K. 

Company Overview 
 
 Greenlight Capital Re is a holding company incorporated in July 2004 under the laws of the Cayman Islands. In August 2004, we raised gross proceeds of 212.2 million from private placements of Greenlight Capital Re s Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, or, collectively, the ordinary shares. On May 24, 2007, Greenlight Capital Re raised proceeds of 208.3 million, net of underwriting fees, in an initial public offering of Class A ordinary shares, and an additional 50.0 million from a private placement of Class B ordinary shares. 
 
 We are a global specialty property and casualty reinsurer headquartered in the Cayman Islands, with a reinsurance and investment strategy that we believe differentiates us from most of our competitors. We conduct our operations through two licensed and regulated entities: Greenlight Re, based in the Cayman Islands, and GRIL, based in Dublin, Ireland. Greenlight Re provides multi-line property and casualty reinsurance globally, while GRIL focuses mainly on the European market. In 2022, Greenlight Innovation Syndicate 3456 Syndicate 3456 commenced insurance operations under the Lloyd s syndicate-in-a-box model, with Greenlight Re as the sole capital provider. 
 
 The London market specialty business is central to our underwriting portfolio. In 2020, we established a UK marketing Company, Greenlight Re UK, which has increased our London market presence and we expect it to facilitate continued growth in this market. 
 
 On January 1, 2023, we acquired a Lloyd s corporate member, GCM, that provides underwriting capacity for various syndicates (including Syndicate 3456) that underwrite general insurance and reinsurance business at Lloyd s. Prior to acquiring GCM, we sourced our Funds at Lloyd s FAL business through the same corporate member. The ownership of GCM complements our Syndicate 3456 and provides us more control over the FAL business. 
 
 Our goal is to build long-term shareholder value by providing risk management products and services to the insurance, reinsurance, and other risk marketplaces. We focus on delivering risk solutions to clients and brokers who value our expertise, analytics, and customer service offerings. 
 
 We aim to complement our underwriting activities with a non-traditional investment approach designed to achieve higher rates of return over the long term than reinsurance companies that exclusively employ more traditional investment strategies. Our investment portfolio is managed by a value-oriented investment advisor that analyzes companies available financial data, business strategies, and prospects to identify undervalued and overvalued securities. 
 
 From time to time, we make long-term strategic investments in insurance companies and general agents to complement our strategy and strengthen our client relationships. In 2018, we launched our Greenlight Re Innovations unit, which supports technology innovators in the (re)insurance market by providing investment, risk capacity, and access to a broad insurance network. In certain instances, we utilize Verdant to facilitate strategic investments in property and casualty insurers, general agents, and other entities domiciled in the United States. 
 
 4 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Description of Business 
 
 Greenlight Re is licensed and regulated by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority CIMA to write property and casualty reinsurance business as well as long-term business (e.g., life insurance, long-term disability, long-term care, etc.) To date, we have not written any long-term business. GRIL is licensed and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland CBI to write property and casualty reinsurance business. Currently, we have one operating segment: property and casualty reinsurance. Within that segment, we employ a two-pillar strategy: 
 
 1. Traditional property and casualty reinsurance 
 We offer excess of loss and quota share products across a range of classes in the property and casualty market. Our underwriting approach varies by class and type of opportunity: 
 Where our expertise is sufficient to evaluate the risk thoroughly, we will generally seek to participate in syndicated placements negotiated and priced by another party that we judge to have market-leading expertise in the class or as a quota share retrocessionaire of a market-leading reinsurer; 
 Where we have domain-specific expertise and a high level of market access, we may seek to act as the lead underwriter to achieve greater influence in negotiating pricing, terms, and conditions. 
 
 2. Risk innovation and strategic partnerships 
 We seek to develop a range of risk products via strategic partnerships and other methods to access fee income, a stream of underwriting business, and investment upside potential. We refer to this pillar as Greenlight Re Innovations Innovations ). 
 In evaluating Innovations opportunities, we generally ensure that each investment meets at least one of the following criteria: 
 The value we add to a partnership is derived primarily from the application of our risk expertise, not solely capital or reinsurance support; 
 The partnership adds expertise to our company in specific risk areas, technology, product innovation, or other areas; 
 The partnership approach provides access to a pool of capital, products, or distribution; 
 Overall, the partnership approach creates a combined effort that generates a durable strategic or competitive position in one or more markets and increases our opportunities to achieve revenue growth and margin expansion. 

Our investment strategy, like our reinsurance strategy, is designed to maximize returns over the long term while minimizing the risk of capital loss. Unlike the investment strategies of many of our competitors, which invest primarily in fixed-income securities either directly or through fixed-fee arrangements with one or more investment managers, our investment strategy is focused mainly on long and short positions, primarily in publicly-traded equity and corporate debt instruments. 
 
 We measure our success by long-term growth in book value per share, which we believe is the most comprehensive gauge of our performance. Accordingly, we have incorporated a metric based on growth in book value per share in our incentive compensation plan to align employee and shareholder interests. 
 
 The size and diversification of our underwriting portfolio will vary based on our perception of the opportunities available in each line of business at each point in time. As our focus on certain lines fluctuates based on market conditions, we may only offer or underwrite a limited number of lines in any given period. We seek to: 
 target markets and lines of business where we believe an appropriate risk/reward profile exists; attract and retain clients with expertise in their respective lines of business; employ strict underwriting discipline; and select reinsurance opportunities with anticipated favorable returns on capital. 
 
 5 

Link to Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our gross premiums written by line of business, further broken down by class of business: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Property Commercial 14,750 2.6 10,853 1.9 11,190 2.3 Motor 2,346 0.4 29,953 5.3 33,054 6.9 Personal 68,227 12.2 12,141 2.1 14,219 3.0 Total Property 85,323 15.2 52,947 9.4 58,463 12.2 Casualty General Liability 60,276 10.7 18,037 3.2 4,228 0.9 Motor Liability 8,601 1.6 118,251 20.9 127,379 26.5 Professional Liability 1,921 0.3 316 0.1 204 Workers' Compensation 28,381 5.0 62,188 11.0 82,189 17.1 Multi-line 225,924 40.1 180,321 31.9 88,237 18.4 Total Casualty 325,103 57.7 379,113 67.1 302,237 63.0 Other Accident Health 8,947 1.6 31,612 5.6 56,284 11.7 Financial 66,528 11.8 66,612 11.8 23,231 4.8 Marine 22,700 4.0 10,652 1.9 770 0.2 Other Specialty 54,570 9.7 24,457 4.3 38,806 8.1 Total Other 152,745 27.1 133,333 23.6 119,091 24.8 563,171 100.0 565,393 100.0 479,791 100.0 
 
 The following table sets forth our gross premiums written by the geographic area of the risk insured: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) U.S. and Caribbean 295,428 52.4 316,015 55.9 390,000 81.3 Worldwide (1) 
 242,561 43.1 240,285 42.5 84,204 17.5 Asia 
 20,334 3.6 4,609 0.8 5,587 1.2 Europe 
 4,848 0.9 4,484 0.8 563,171 100.0 565,393 100.0 479,791 100.0 
 (1) Worldwide comprises contracts that reinsure risks in more than one geographic area and may include risks in the U.S. 

Additional information about our business is set forth in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Marketing and Distribution 
 
 Business transacted using intermediaries 
 
 We source a majority of our business through reinsurance brokers. Brokerage distribution channels provide us with access to an efficient, variable cost and global distribution system. In some cases, intermediaries also provide other services, including risk analytics, processing, and clearing. 
 
 We aim to build and strengthen long-term relationships with global reinsurance brokers. Our management team has relationships with most primary and specialty broker intermediaries in the reinsurance marketplace. By maintaining close 
 6 

Link to Table of Contents 

 relationships with brokers, we believe that we will continue to obtain access to a broad range of reinsurance clients and opportunities. 
 
 We seek to strengthen our broker relationships and become the preferred choice of brokers and clients by providing, where applicable: 
 demonstrated expertise in the underlying reinsured exposures and the operation of the contracts; rapid responses to risk submissions; timely claims payments; customized solutions that address the specific business needs of our clients; financial security; and a clear indication of risks we will and will not underwrite. 
 
 We focus on the quality and financial strength of any brokerage firm we conduct business with. Brokers do not have the authority to bind us to any reinsurance contract. Their commissions are generally determined based on a percentage of gross premiums written. 
 
 We rely on a small number of broker relationships, which has continued to decrease in recent years as a result of consolidation in the broker sector. In 2022, five brokerage firms accounted for 69.4 of our gross premiums written. The following table sets forth the premiums generated through our largest brokers and their subsidiaries and affiliates: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 in thousands) Aon Benfield 159,421 28.3 Gallagher Re 91,239 16.2 BMS Group 51,435 9.1 Guy Carpenter (Marsh) 50,626 9.0 Howden 38,376 6.8 Total of largest brokers 391,097 69.4 All other brokers and direct placements 172,074 30.6 Total 563,171 100.0 
 
 We frequently meet in the Cayman Islands, Ireland, U.K. and elsewhere with brokers and senior representatives of clients and prospective clients. We review and (when we deem appropriate) approve all contract submissions in the Cayman Islands or Ireland. Due to our dependence on brokers, the inability to obtain business from them could adversely affect our business strategy. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business The inability to obtain business provided from brokers could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may assume a degree of the credit risk of our reinsurance brokers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to the credit risk of our brokers, cedents, agents and other counterparties. 
 
 While most of our business is sourced through reinsurance brokers, we also write some insurance and reinsurance business on a direct basis. Our Innovations partnerships are a growing source of directly placed business. 
 
 Our FAL business, which represented approximately one third of our gross written premiums in the 2022 fiscal year, was generated through a Lloyd s corporate member, which we subsequently acquired effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 We may also selectively delegate underwriting authority to managing general agents to transact business within the constraints of prescribed underwriting guidelines. We expect to delegate underwriting authority primarily relating to Syndicate 3456, and sporadically through carefully selected managing agents. 

7 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Underwriting and Risk Management 
 
 We have established an underwriting platform composed of experienced underwriters and actuaries. We have underwriting operations in three locations: the Cayman Islands, Dublin, Ireland, and London, U.K. These platforms provide access to key markets in the U.S. and Europe. Our experienced team allows us to deploy our capital in various lines of business and capitalize on opportunities that we believe offer favorable returns on equity over the long term. Our underwriters and actuaries have expertise in multiple lines of business. We generally apply the following underwriting and risk management principles: 
 
 Economics of Results 
 
 Our primary underwriting goal is to build a (re)insurance portfolio that maximizes profitability, subject to risk and volatility constraints. 
 
 Underwriting Analysis 
 Our approach to underwriting analysis begins at the class-of-business level. This analysis includes identifying and assessing the structural drivers of risk and emerging loss trends and understanding the market participants and results, capacity conditions for supply and demand, and other factors. Our underwriting professionals specialize in business lines, and our quantitative professionals assist in evaluating all risks we underwrite. Combined with cross-line management, we believe this approach enables us to build and deploy expertise and insight into the business line s risk dynamics and external factors that will affect each transaction. 
 We assign a deal team composed of underwriting and quantitative professionals to evaluate each potential transaction s pricing and structure. Before committing capital to any transaction, the deal team and the regional Chief Underwriting Officer must obtain approval from the Chief Executive Officer. In seeking this approval, the deal team presents the key components of the proposed transaction, including assumptions and threats, market and individual deal risk factors, market capacity dynamics, transaction structure and pricing, maximum downside, and other factors. 
 We collaborate with our current and prospective clients and brokers to understand the risks associated with each potential transaction. For most of our business, we follow terms set by recognized market leads. We consider the remainder of our underwriting portfolio, including contracts linked to our Innovations partners or in areas where we have significant market expertise, to be lead business. When underwriting lead business, we generally structure the reinsurance agreements to ensure that our cedents interests and ours are aligned. Where appropriate, we conduct or contract for on-site audits or reviews of the clients underwriting files, systems, and operations. We usually obtain substantial data from our clients to conduct a thorough actuarial modeling analysis. As part of our pricing and underwriting process, we assess, among other factors: 
 the client s and industry s historical loss data; the expected duration for claims to fully develop; the client s pricing and underwriting strategies; the geographic areas in which the client is doing business and its market share; the reputation and financial strength of the client and its management and underwriting teams; the reputation and expertise of the broker; and reports provided by independent industry specialists. 
 We develop proprietary quantitative models and use several commercially available tools to price our business. Our models consider conventional underwriting and risk metrics and incorporate various class-specific and market-specific aspects from our line-of-business analyses. We use models to evaluate the quantitative work s quality and predictive power and undertake a detailed assessment of the data quality. 
 8 

Link to Table of Contents 

Underwriting Authorities 
 
 The Underwriting Committee of our Board of Directors (the Underwriting Committee sets parameters for aggregate property catastrophic caps and limits for maximum loss potential under any individual contract. The Underwriting Committee must approve any exceptions to the established limits. The Underwriting Committee may amend the maximum underwriting authorities periodically to align with our capital base. The Underwriting Committee designs our underwriting authorities to ensure the underwriting portfolio is appropriate on a risk-adjusted basis. 
 
 Retrocessional Coverage 
 
 We opportunistically purchase retrocessional coverage for one or more of the following reasons: to manage our overall catastrophe events or aggregate exposure, reduce our net liability on individual risks, obtain additional underwriting capacity, and balance our underwriting portfolio. 
 
 The retrocessional coverage we purchase varies based on numerous factors, including the inherent volatility and risk accumulation of our underwriting portfolio and capital base. Our portfolio, and by extension our gross risk position, will change in size from year to year depending on market opportunities, so it is difficult to predict the level of retrocessional coverage that we will purchase in any future year. 
 
 We generally purchase uncollateralized retrocessional coverage from reinsurers with a minimum financial strength rating of A- (Excellent) from A.M. Best Company, Inc. A.M. Best or an equivalent rating from a recognized rating service. For lower-rated or non-rated reinsurers, we endeavor to obtain and monitor collateral in the form of cash, funds withheld, letters of credit, regulatory trusts, or other collateral in the form of guarantees. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount due from reinsurers from retrocessional coverages represented 2.4 (2021: 2.1 of our gross loss reserves. For further details, please see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. We regularly evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers to assess their ability to honor their obligations. At December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded an allowance for expected credit losses from retrocessionaires of 0.4 million (2021: 0.1 million). 

Claims Management 
 
 Our claims management process begins upon receiving claims notifications from our clients or third-party administrators. We review reserving and settlement authority under the individual contract requirements and, as necessary, discuss with the contract s underwriter. Our in-house claims officer oversees claims reviews and approves complex or large claim settlements. Claims above the claims officer s authority are referred to the General Counsel or Chief Financial Officer, together with the claims officer s recommendations, for secondary approval. Our Chief Executive Officer must approve claim payments above a certain threshold. We believe that this process ensures that we pay claims in accordance with each contract's terms and conditions. 
 
 Where appropriate, we conduct or contract for on-site claims audits at cedents and third-party administrators, particularly for large accounts, Innovations partners, and those whose performance differs from our expectations. Through these audits, we evaluate and monitor the third-party administrators and the ceding companies organization and claims-handling practices. These practices include: 
 
 fact-finding and investigation techniques; 
 loss notifications; 
 reserving; 
 claims negotiation and settlement; 
 adherence to claims-handling guidelines. 
 
 We recognize that the fair interpretation of our reinsurance agreements and timely payment of covered claims are essential components of the service we provide to our clients. 
 
 9 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Reserves 
 
 Our reserving philosophy is to set reserves at the level representing our best estimate of the amount we will ultimately be required to pay in connection with risks we have underwritten. Our actuarial staff performs quarterly reviews of our portfolio and provides reserving estimates according to our stated reserving philosophy. In doing so, our actuarial staff groups our portfolio into reserving analysis segments based primarily on homogeneity considerations. Currently, this process involves analysis at the individual client or transaction level. 
 
 We engage independent external actuaries who review and provide opinions on these reserve estimates at least once a year. Due to the use of different assumptions and loss experience, the amount we establish as reserves with respect to individual risks, clients, transactions, or business lines may be greater or less than those set by our clients or ceding companies. Reserves include claims reported but not yet paid, claims incurred but not reported, and claims in the process of settlement. Additional underwriting liabilities include unearned premiums, premium deposits, and profit commissions earned but not yet paid. 
 
 Reserves represent an estimate rather than an exact quantification. Although the methods for establishing reserves are well established, many assumptions about anticipated loss emergence patterns are subject to unanticipated fluctuation. We base our estimates on our assessment of facts and circumstances, future trends in claim severity and frequency, judicial theories of liability, and other factors, including inflation, interest rate changes, political risks and the actions of third parties, which are beyond our control. See Note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of claims reserves, loss development tables by accident year, and explanations of significant prior period loss development movements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business If our losses and loss adjustment expenses greatly exceed our loss reserves, our financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

Collateral Arrangements and Letter of Credit Facilities 
 
 We are licensed and admitted as a reinsurer only in the Cayman Islands and the European Economic Area (the EEA ). Many jurisdictions, including the United States, do not permit clients to take credit for reinsurance on their statutory financial statements if they obtain such reinsurance from unlicensed or non-admitted insurers without appropriate collateral. As a result, our U.S. clients and some non-U.S. clients require us to provide collateral for the contracts we bind with them. We provide collateral as funds withheld, trust arrangements, or letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, we had one letter of credit facility with a limit of 275.0 million (2021: 275.0 million). At December 31, 2022, we had issued letters of credit totaling 203.9 million (2021: 136.8 million) to clients. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we had pledged 463.7 million (2021: 497.1 million) as collateral through trust arrangements. 

Competition 
 
 The reinsurance industry is highly competitive. We compete with major reinsurers, most of which are well-established and have significant operating histories, strong financial strength ratings, and long-standing client relationships. 
 
 Our competitors vary according to the individual market and situation. Generally, they include Arch Capital, Axis, Everest Re, Hamilton Re, Hannover Re, RenaissanceRe, SiriusPoint, and smaller companies, other niche reinsurers, and Lloyd s syndicates and their related entities. Although we seek to provide coverage where capacity and alternatives are limited, we directly compete with these and other larger companies due to the breadth of their coverage across the property and casualty market in substantially all lines of business. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Competitors with greater resources may make it difficult for us to effectively market our products or offer our products at a profit. 

Ratings 
 
 Our current A- (Excellent) rating with a stable outlook from A.M. Best is the fourth highest of 13 ratings. We believe a strong rating is important in marketing reinsurance products to clients and brokers. These ratings reflect the rating agency s opinion of our reinsurance subsidiaries financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet obligations. It is not an evaluation directed toward the investors protection or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 The failure to maintain a strong rating may significantly and negatively affect our ability to implement our business strategy. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business A downgrade or withdrawal of our A.M. Best ratings would materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 10 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Regulations 
 
 Cayman Islands Insurance Regulation 
 
 The legislative framework for conducting insurance and reinsurance business in and from within the Cayman Islands is composed of The Insurance Act, 2010 (as amended) and underlying regulations thereto (the Act ), which became effective in the Cayman Islands on November 1, 2012. 
 
 Greenlight Re holds a Class D insurer license issued in accordance with the terms of the Act and is subject to regulation and supervision by CIMA. 
 
 As the holder of a Class D insurer license, Greenlight Re is permitted to carry on reinsurance business from the Cayman Islands but, except with the prior written approval of CIMA, may not carry on any insurance or reinsurance business where the underlying risk originates and resides in the Cayman Islands. 
 
 Greenlight Re is required to comply with the following principal requirements under the Act: 
 to maintain capital and a margin of solvency in accordance with the capital and solvency requirements prescribed by the Act; to carry on its business in accordance with its business plan and the laws of the Cayman Islands, including the regulatory laws, regulations, rules, and statements of guidance, where applicable; to maintain adequate arrangements, including internal controls, for the management of risks and a system of governance as approved by CIMA; to maintain a minimum of at least two directors and to seek the prior approval of CIMA in respect of the appointment of directors and officers and to provide CIMA with information in connection therewith and notification of any changes thereto; to have a place of business in the Cayman Islands and to maintain such resources, including staff and facilities, books and records as CIMA considers appropriate, having regard for the nature and scale of the business of Greenlight Re; to submit to CIMA an annual return in the prescribed form together with: - financial statements prepared in accordance with internationally recognized accounting standards, audited by an independent auditor approved by CIMA; 
 - an actuarial valuation of Greenlight Re s assets and liabilities, certified by an actuary approved by CIMA; 
 - certification of solvency prepared by a person approved by CIMA in accordance with the prescribed requirements; 
 - confirmation that the information contained in Greenlight Re s license application, as modified by any subsequent changes, remains correct and up to date; 
 - such other information as may be prescribed by CIMA; and 
 to pay an annual license fee. 

It is the duty of CIMA: 
 to maintain a general review of insurance practices in the Cayman Islands; to examine the affairs or business of any licensee or other person carrying on, or who has carried on, insurance business to ensure that the Act has been complied with and that the licensee is in a sound financial position and is carrying on its business in a fit and proper manner; to examine and report on the annual returns delivered to CIMA in terms of the Act; and to examine and make recommendations with respect to, among other things, proposals for the revocation of licenses and cases of suspected insolvency of licensed entities. 
 
 Greenlight Re is also required to comply with, amongst other standards, the Rule on Corporate Governance for Insurers, the Rule on Risk Management for Insurers, and the Rule on Investment Activities for Insurers and the associated Statement of Guidance. Respectively, these rules require regulated insurers to establish and maintain (a) a corporate governance framework that provides for the sound and prudent management and oversight of the insurer's business, including outsourcing and internal controls, and which adequately recognizes and protects the interests of its policyholders, and (b) a risk management framework that is capable of promptly identifying, measuring, assessing, reporting, monitoring and controlling all sources of risks that could have a material impact on its operations, and (c) implement investment activities that consider all of Greenlight Re s risks and solvency requirements. 
 
 11 

Link to Table of Contents 

 The Act provides that where CIMA believes a licensee is committing, or is about to commit or pursue, an act that is an unsafe or unsound business practice, CIMA may direct the licensee to cease or refrain from committing the act or pursuing the offending course of conduct. Failure to comply with such a CIMA direction may be punishable on summary conviction by a fine of up to 100,000 Cayman Islands dollars (approximately US 120,000) or to imprisonment for a term of five years or to both, and on conviction on indictment to a fine of 500,000 Cayman Islands dollars (approximately US 600,000) or to imprisonment for a term of ten years or to both and to an additional 10,000 Cayman Islands dollars (approximately US 12,000) for every day after conviction that the breach continues. 
 
 The Monetary Authority Act MAA also provides CIMA with the authority to impose administrative fines on licensees. The recent Monetary Authority (Administrative Fines) (Amendment) Regulations, 2020 (the Amendment Regulations came into force on 26 June 2020. They extended the scope of the fines CIMA may impose for breaches of a range of regulatory laws, including the Act. Breaches are categorized as minor, serious, or very serious, and, depending on the category of the breach, fines range from US 6,100 to US 1,220,000 per breach for very serious breaches. Where a breach is committed by a corporate entity and is shown to have been committed with the consent, connivance, knowledge, or neglect of an individual, that individual may also be subject to an administrative fine. 
 
 Whenever CIMA believes that a licensee is or may become unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, is carrying on business in a manner likely to be detrimental to the public interest or the interests of its creditors or policyholders, has contravened the terms of the Act or has otherwise behaved in such a manner to cause CIMA to call into question the licensee s fitness, CIMA may take one of several steps. The steps include requiring the licensee to rectify the matter, suspending the license of the licensee, revoking the license, imposing conditions upon the license and amending or revoking any such condition, requiring the substitution of any director, manager, or officer of the licensee, at the expense of the licensee, appointing a person to advise the licensee on the proper conduct of its affairs and to report to CIMA thereon, at the expense of the licensee, appointing a person to assume control of the licensee s affairs or otherwise requiring such action to be taken by the licensee as CIMA considers necessary. We have not been subject to any such actions from CIMA to date. 
 
 Other Regulations in the Cayman Islands 
 
 As Cayman Islands exempted companies, Greenlight Capital Re and Greenlight Re may not carry on business or trade locally in the Cayman Islands except in furtherance of their business outside the Cayman Islands and are prohibited from soliciting the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any of their securities or debt. Both these companies are further required to file a return with the Registrar of Companies in January of each year Annual Return and to pay an annual registration fee at that time. 
 
 Economic substance law requiring a relevant entity conducting relevant activity to file notifications and, unless exempt, to report to the Tax Information Authority TIA and maintain economic substance has been introduced in the Cayman Islands. 
 
 The International Tax Co-operation (Economic Substance) Act (2020 Revision) and International Tax Co-operation (Economic Substance) Regulations, 2020, were published on January 14, 2020, and August 11, 2020, respectively, and subsequently amended (together, the ES Act ). The latest version of the Guidance on Economic Substance for Geographically Mobile Activities ES Guidance was published in July 2022. 
 
 Commencing January 2020, Greenlight Capital Re and Greenlight Re are required to confirm their economic substance classification and submit this classification to the TIA as a prerequisite to the Annual Return filing. 
 
 The Cayman Islands has no exchange controls restricting dealings in currencies or securities. 
 
 Ireland Insurance Regulations 
 
 Our Irish subsidiary, GRIL, is authorized as a non-life reinsurance undertaking by the CBI in accordance with the European Union (Insurance and Reinsurance) Regulations 2015 (the "Irish Regulations"). The Irish Regulations give effect in Ireland to EU Directive 2009/138/EC (known as "Solvency II"), which introduced a new European regulatory regime for insurers and reinsurers with effect from January 1, 2016. Solvency II is supplemented by the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, other European Commission delegated acts and binding technical standards, and guidelines issued by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority Delegated Acts and Guidelines ). GRIL is required to comply at all times with the Irish Regulations, the Irish Insurance Acts 1909 to 2018, regulations relating to insurance business or reinsurance business promulgated under the European Communities Act 1972, the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 as amended, regulations promulgated thereunder and directions, guidelines and codes of conduct issued by CBI (collectively the 
 12 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Irish Insurance Acts and Regulations ). In addition, GRIL is required to comply with the Delegated Acts and Guidelines and must meet risk-based solvency requirements imposed under Solvency II on insurers and reinsurers across all member states, including Ireland. Solvency II and the Delegated Acts and Guidelines set out classification and eligibility requirements, including the characteristics that capital, including any capital contribution, must display to qualify as regulatory capital. 
 
 GRIL is also required to comply with the European Union (Insurance Distribution) Regulations 2018 (the "2018 Regulations"), which apply to distributors of insurance and reinsurance products (including insurers and reinsurers). The 2018 Regulations give effect in Ireland to Directive (EU) 2016/97 (known as the "IDD") and strengthen the regulatory regime applicable to distribution activities through increased transparency, information, and conduct requirements. On May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") came into force across the EU. The GDPR significantly increases organizations obligations and responsibilities in collecting, using, storing, and protecting personal data. Organizations in breach of the GDPR may incur sizable financial penalties up to, the higher of 10 million or 4 of annual global turnover. 
 
 UK Regulations 
 
 Lloyd s Oversight 
 Syndicate 3456 is subject to oversight by Lloyd s, substantially effected through the Lloyd s Council. Our business plan for Syndicate 3456, including maximum underwriting capacity, requires annual approval by Lloyd s. Lloyd s may require changes to any business plan presented to it or additional capital to be provided to support the underwriting plan. We have deposited certain assets with Lloyd s to support GCM s underwriting business at Lloyd s. 
 
 By entering into a membership agreement with Lloyd s, GCM has undertaken to comply with all Lloyd s by-laws and regulations as well as the provisions of the Lloyd s Acts and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended by the Financial Services Act 2012. This arrangement subjects us to the following: 
 
 Capital Requirements. The underwriting capacity of a member of Lloyd s must be supported by providing a deposit, referred to as Funds at Lloyd s or FAL, in an amount determined on the basis of such entity s solvency and capital requirements. The amount of such deposit is calculated for each member through the completion of an annual capital adequacy exercise. In addition, if the FAL are not sufficient to cover all losses, the Lloyd s Central Fund provides an additional level of security for policyholders. Dividends from a Lloyd s managing agent and a Lloyd s corporate member can be declared and paid provided the relevant company has sufficient profits available for distribution. Ratings. The financial security of the Lloyd s market as a whole is regularly assessed by three independent rating agencies (A.M. Best, S P and Fitch). Syndicates at Lloyd s take their financial security rating from the rating of the Lloyd s market. A satisfactory credit rating issued by an accredited rating agency is necessary for Lloyd s syndicates to be able to trade in certain classes of business at current levels. Intervention Powers. The Lloyd s Council has wide discretionary powers to regulate members underwriting at Lloyd s, including, the power to withdraw a member s permission to underwrite business or to underwrite a particular class of business and to change the basis on which syndicate expenses are allocated. Assessments. If Lloyd s determines that the Central Fund needs to be increased, it has the power to assess premium levies on current Lloyd s members up to 5 of a member s underwriting capacity in any one year. 
 
 PRA and FCA Regulation . 
 The Prudential Regulation Authority PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority FCA regulate all financial services firms in the U.K. including the Lloyd s market, and Syndicate 3456, and have substantial powers of intervention in relation to regulated firms. Lloyd s is required to implement certain rules prescribed by the PRA and the FCA. If it appears to either the PRA or the FCA that either Lloyd s is not fulfilling its delegated regulatory responsibilities or that managing agents are not complying with the applicable regulatory rules and guidance, the PRA or the FCA may intervene at their discretion. 
 
 Lloyd s is subject to an annual PRA solvency test which measures whether Lloyd s has sufficient assets in the aggregate to meet all outstanding liabilities of its members, both current and run-off. If Lloyd s fails this test, the PRA may require the entire Lloyd s market to cease underwriting or individual Lloyd s members may be required to cease or reduce their underwriting. 
 
 13 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Overview of Investments 
 
 Our investment portfolio is managed by DME Advisors, LP DME Advisors ), a value-oriented investment advisor that analyzes companies available financial data, business strategies, and prospects to identify undervalued and overvalued securities. DME Advisors is controlled by David Einhorn, the Chairman of our Board of Directors and the President of Greenlight Capital, Inc. 
 
 We have entered into an amended and restated exempted limited partnership agreement (the SILP LPA of Solasglas Investments, LP SILP ), with DME Advisors II, LLC DME II ), as General Partner, Greenlight Re, GRIL and the initial limited partner (each, a Partner ). We present our investment in SILP under the caption Investment in related party investment fund in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 On September 1, 2018, SILP entered into an investment advisory agreement (the IAA with DME Advisors, with an initial term ending on August 31, 2023, subject to automatic extensions for successive three-year terms. DME Advisors has the contractual right to manage substantially all of our investable assets and is required to follow our investment guidelines and act in a fair and equitable manner in allocating investment opportunities to SILP. However, DME Advisors is not otherwise restricted with respect to the nature or timing of making investments for SILP. 
 
 On February 26, 2019, effective as of September 1, 2018, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the SILP LPA. The 
 amendment revised the mechanics for calculating the Carryforward Account and Performance Allocation (as defined in the SILP LPA) to consider withdrawals from and subsequent recontributions of capital to SILP. On January 7, 2021, effective as of January 1, 2021, we entered into a second amended and restated SILP LPA, which amended (a) the definition of Additional Investment Ratio and (b) each of the defined terms Greenlight Re Surplus and GRIL Surplus. The amendment to the SILP LPA also incorporated the requirement that the Investment Portfolio, as defined in the SILP LPA, will not exceed 50 of GLRE Surplus. Effective January 1, 2023, we amended the SILP LPA to increase the maximum Investment Portfolio to 60 of GLRE Surplus. 
 
 DME Advisors receives a monthly management fee at an annual rate of 1.5 of each limited partner s Investment Portfolio, as provided in the SILP LPA. DME II receives a performance allocation based on the positive performance change of each limited partner s capital account equal to 20 of net profits calculated per annum, subject to a loss carryforward provision. 
 
 The loss carryforward provision allows DME II to earn a reduced performance allocation of 10 on net profits in any year after the year in which a limited partner s capital account incurs a loss until the limited partner has recouped all losses and has earned an additional amount equal to 150 of the loss. DME II is not entitled to a performance allocation in a year in which a capital account incurs a loss. 
 
 DME Advisors is required to follow our investment guidelines and act in a manner that it considers fair and equitable in allocating investment opportunities to us and SILP. However, the IAA does not otherwise impose any specific obligations or requirements concerning the allocation of time, effort, or investment opportunities to us and SILP or any restrictions on the nature or timing of investments for our or SILP s account or other accounts that DME Advisors or its affiliates may manage. DME Advisors can outsource to sub-advisors without our consent or approval. If DME Advisors and any of its affiliates attempt to invest in the same opportunity simultaneously, DME Advisors and its affiliates may allocate the opportunity as they determine reasonably. Affiliates of DME Advisors presently serve as the general partner or the investment advisor of Greenlight Capital, LP, Greenlight Capital Offshore Qualified, Ltd., GCOQ Intermediate, LP, Greenlight Capital Offshore Partners, Ltd., Greenlight Capital Investors, LP, Greenlight Capital Offshore Investors, Ltd., GCOI Intermediate, LP, Greenlight Capital Offshore Master, Ltd., Greenlight Masters, LP, Greenlight Masters Qualified, LP, Greenlight Masters Offshore, Ltd., Greenlight Masters Offshore I, Ltd., Greenlight Masters Offshore Partners and Greenlight Masters Partners (collectively, the Greenlight Funds ). 
 
 We have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all our current and future subsidiaries to enter into the SILP LPA. Under the SILP LPA, we are contractually obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause substantially all investable assets of Greenlight Re and GRIL, with limited exceptions, to be contributed to SILP. 
 
 We have agreed to release DME II and DME Advisors and their affiliates from any liability arising out of the IAA or the SILP LPA, subject to certain exceptions. Furthermore, DME II has agreed to indemnify us against any liability incurred in connection with certain actions. 
 
 Under the SILP LPA, either GLRE Limited Partner may voluntarily withdraw all or part of its capital account for its operating needs by giving DME II at least three business days notice. Either of the GLRE Limited Partners may withdraw as a 
 14 

Link to Table of Contents 

 partner and fully withdraw all of its capital account from SILP on three business days notice if the limited partner s board declares that a cause for withdrawal exists as per the SILP LPA. 
 
 Investment Strategy 
 
 DME Advisors implements a value-oriented investment strategy by taking long positions in perceived undervalued securities and short positions in perceived overvalued securities. DME Advisors aims to achieve high absolute returns while minimizing the risk of capital loss. DME Advisors attempts to determine the risk/return characteristics of potential investments by analyzing factors such as the risk that expected cash flows would not be achieved, the volatility of the cash flows, the leverage of the underlying business, and the security s liquidity, among others. 
 
 Our Board of Directors reviews our investment portfolio activities and oversees our investment guidelines to meet our investment objectives. We believe our investment approach, while generating returns less predictable than those of traditional fixed-income portfolios, complements our reinsurance business and will achieve higher rates of return over the long term than reinsurance companies that invest predominantly in fixed-income securities. We have designed our investment guidelines to maintain adequate liquidity to fund our reinsurance operations. 
 
 DME Advisors is contractually obligated to adhere to our investment guidelines and make investment decisions on our behalf. These decisions may include buying publicly listed equity securities and corporate debt, selling securities short, and investing in private placements, futures, currencies, commodities, credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, sovereign debt, derivatives, and other instruments. 
 
 Investment Guidelines 
 
 The investment guidelines adopted by the respective Boards of Directors of Greenlight Re and GRIL, which may be amended, modified, or waived from time to time, take into account restrictions imposed on us by regulators, our liability mix, requirements to maintain an appropriate claims-paying rating by ratings agencies and requirements of lenders. 
 
 At the date hereof, Greenlight Re s investment guidelines, which Greenlight Re s board of directors may amend at any time, are as follows: 
 
 Composition of Investments: At least 80 of the assets in its Investment Portfolio (as defined in the SILP LPA) will be held in debt or equity securities (including swaps) of publicly-traded companies (or their subsidiaries), governments of the Organization of Economic Co-operation and Development high-income countries, cash, cash equivalents, and gold. No more than 10 of Greenlight Re Surplus (as defined in the SILP LPA) will be held in private equity securities. 
 Concentration of Investments: Other than cash, cash equivalents, United States government obligations, and gold, no single investment in its Investment Portfolio will constitute more than 10 of Greenlight Re Surplus. 
 Liquidity: Assets will be invested in such fashion that Greenlight Re has a reasonable expectation that it can meet any of its liabilities as they become due. Greenlight Re will review with the Investment Advisor the liquidity of the portfolio on periodic basis. 
 Monitoring: Greenlight Re will require the Investment Advisor to re-evaluate each position in its Investment Portfolio and to monitor changes in intrinsic value and trading value and provide monthly reports on its Investment Portfolio to Greenlight Re as Greenlight Re may reasonably determine. 
 Leverage: No new investments to increase net long exposure shall be made when Greenlight Re s pro-rata share of Assets (excluding cash equivalents) exceeds its Investment Portfolio. In any event, Greenlight Re s pro-rata share of Assets (excluding cash equivalents) may not exceed 110 of its Investment Portfolio. 
 Currency hedging activities are excluded from leverage calculations. In addition to currency hedging, where the Investment Advisor enters into a secondary investment with the primary purpose of reducing the risk of another existing investment, then the investment advisor may exclude the secondary investment from the calculation of leverage provided that the Investment Advisor receives approval from Greenlight Re s Chief Financial Officer. Such authority is limited such that no more than 10 of gross exposure may be excluded from leverage calculations and may be netted from the primary investment for concentration limits. 

15 

Link to Table of Contents 

 The investment guidelines for GRIL are identical to Greenlight Re s except for (a) currency hedging guidelines, which do not apply to GRIL, and (b) Concentration of Investments and Credit default swaps, which for GRIL are as follows: 
 Concentration of Investments: Other than cash, cash equivalents, and United States government obligations, (1) no single investment in its Investment Portfolio will constitute more than 7.5 of GRIL Surplus (as defined in the SILP LPA), (2) the ten largest investments shall not constitute greater than 40 of GRIL Surplus, and (3) its Investment Portfolio shall at all times be composed of a minimum of 50 debt or equity securities of publicly traded companies (or their subsidiaries). 
 Credit default swaps: The sale of credit default swaps is prohibited. 

At December 31, 2022, taking into account a waiver provided by the Board of Directors of Greenlight Re, relating to SILP s concentration in a single investment, DME Advisors was in compliance with each of Greenlight Re s and GRIL s investment guidelines. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Investment Strategy SILP may be concentrated in a few large positions, which could result in investment volatility and large losses. 
 
 Investment Results 
 
 Composition 
 
 The following table summarizes the investments as reported in the consolidated financial statements: 
 December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Investment in related party investment fund 178,197 71.7 183,591 79.5 Private investments and unlisted equities 62,433 25.1 47,049 20.4 Derivative financial instruments (not designated as hedging instruments) 335 0.1 Debt and convertible debt securities 1,846 0.8 Certificates of deposit 6,000 2.4 Total investments 248,476 100.0 230,975 100.0 
 
 DME Advisors reports the composition of SILP s portfolio on a delta-adjusted basis, which it believes is the appropriate manner to assess the exposure and profile of investments and reflects how it manages the portfolio. An option s delta is the option price s sensitivity to the underlying stock (or commodity) price. The delta-adjusted basis is the number of shares or contracts underlying the option multiplied by the delta and the underlying stock (or commodity) price. 
 
 The following table represents the composition of SILP s investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31 2022 2021 Long Short Long Short Debt instruments 0.6 1.1 Equities and related derivatives 84.4 49.7 79.1 45.0 Private and unlisted equity securities 3.2 4.0 Total 88.2 49.7 84.2 45.0 
 
 The above exposure analysis does not include cash (U.S. dollar and foreign currencies), gold and other commodities, credit default swaps, sovereign debt, foreign currency derivatives, interest rate options, and other macro positions. Under this methodology, a total return swap s exposure is reported at its full notional amount. Options are reported at their delta-adjusted basis. At December 31, 2022, SILP s exposure to gold on a delta-adjusted basis was 15.2 (2021: 8.1 ). 
 16 

Link to Table of Contents 

 The following table represents the composition of SILP by industry sector at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Sector Long Short Net Communication Services 0.9 (3.9) (3.0) Consumer Discretionary 29.8 (18.5) 11.3 Consumer Staples 0.8 (0.6) 0.2 Energy 13.0 (0.2) 12.8 Financial 13.8 (3.4) 10.4 Healthcare 6.8 (6.6) 0.2 Industrials 3.3 (4.2) (0.9) Materials 7.6 7.6 Real Estate 0.3 (2.3) (2.0) Technology 10.3 (9.7) 0.6 Utilities 0.3 (0.3) Other 1.3 1.3 Total 88.2 (49.7) 38.5 
 
 The following table represents the composition of our investments in SILP, by the market capitalization of the underlying security, at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Capitalization Long Short Net Mega Cap Equity 25 billion) 12.6 (14.8) (2.2) Large Cap Equity 10 billion and 
 Investment Returns 
 
 In accordance with the SILP LPA, DME Advisors constructs a levered investment portfolio as agreed with the Company (the Investment Portfolio as defined in the SILP LPA). Investment returns, net of all fees and expenses, by quarter for the last five years are as follows: (1) 
 
 Quarter 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 1st 1.7 1.5 (8.1) 6.2 (11.8) 2nd 4.9 (0.9) 0.3 2.7 (3.8) 3rd 3.6 (2.7) 1.4 1.2 (8.4) 4th 13.4 9.9 8.4 (1.0) (10.2) Full Year 25.3 7.5 1.4 9.3 (30.3) 
 
 (1) Investment returns are calculated monthly and compounded to calculate the quarterly and annual returns generated by our Investment Portfolio. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. The monthly investment return is calculated by dividing the investment income/loss (net of fees and expenses) by the Investment Portfolio. Effective January 1, 2021, the Investment Portfolio is calculated on the basis of 50 of GLRE Surplus, or the shareholders equity of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., as reported in Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. s then most recent quarterly financial statements prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). It is adjusted monthly for the Company s net profits and net losses as reported by SILP during any intervening period. This basis was increased to 60 effective January 1, 2023. Prior to January 1, 2021, the Investment Portfolio was calculated on the basis of several factors, including the Companies shares of SILP s net asset value, collateral posted by the Companies, and the Companies net reserves. 
 
 17 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Internal Risk Management 
 
 Our Chief Risk Officer is responsible for constructing and reviewing our internal risk management function. A primary objective of our risk management function is to ensure that our underwriting efforts comply with explicitly stated underwriting appetites. We design these appetites to balance our risk position size with our expertise and the available margins while containing the cost of incorrectly assessing risks and rewards. In doing so, our risk management function designs, implements, and oversees a range of operational and underwriting controls to support the organization. We frequently review our investment and underwriting portfolios to assess the impact on capital under stressed scenarios. With the assistance of DME Advisors, we analyze our investment assets and liabilities, including the numerous risk components in our portfolio, such as concentration and liquidity risks. 

Information Technology 
 
 We have most of our information technology infrastructure primarily at an off-site, secure data center hosted by Microsoft. We have increased our use of cloud-based services as the security and reliability have proven cost-effective and provide the high levels of service and redundancy required. 
 
 We have implemented backup procedures to ensure we save key data daily and that we can restore it promptly as needed. 
 
 We have a disaster recovery plan for our information technology infrastructure that includes data and system snapshots with restore points. We believe we can access our core systems with minor outages and restore our primary systems within our mean time to restore. 
 
 We protect our information systems with physical, electronic, and software safeguards considered appropriate by our management. We employ a specialist vendor to monitor our systems for security events and risks within our network. We regularly provide security risk awareness education and training to our staff. Despite these efforts, computer viruses, hackers, employee misuse or misconduct, and other internal or external hazards could expose our data systems to security breaches, cyber-attacks, or other disruptions. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operational risks, including human or systems failures, are inherent in our business. and Technology breaches or failures, including those resulting from a malicious ransomware or cyber-attack on us or our business partners and service providers, could disrupt or otherwise negatively impact our business . 

Human Capital 
 
 At March 3, 2023, we had 48 full-time employees, 31 of whom were based in Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, 12 in Dublin, Ireland, and 5 in London, United Kingdom. We believe that our employee relations are good. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements, and we are not aware of any current efforts to implement such agreements. We also engage consultants and contract with third parties, as needed, to provide additional resources to support our business activities. 
 
 We are committed to advancement and innovation through investing in our employees professional development. We have implemented an employee training and development policy to encourage our employees to take advantage of training and development opportunities. 
 
 We have designed our performance-driven compensation policy to attract and retain talent. We use short-term compensation composed of base salary and annual cash bonuses and long-term compensation composed of stock options, restricted share units, and restricted shares, as applicable, to align our employees and executive officers interests with those of our shareholders. In addition, from time to time and under certain circumstances, we award sign-on bonuses, retention bonuses, and other bonus opportunities. We also offer welfare benefits and other perquisites, including a defined contribution pension plan and medical insurance coverage for our employees. As part of our commitment to supporting our employees, we match any contributions made by our employees to charities and not-for-profit organizations. 
 
 We believe our employees are fairly compensated without regard to gender, race, and ethnicity. We believe in creating and maintaining a workplace free from discrimination and harassment. Each of our employees annually acknowledges complying with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which provides employees with access to an anonymous whistleblower hotline to report any violations. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website. 
 
 18 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Additional Information 
 
 Our website address is www.greenlightre.com, and we make available, free of charge, on or through our website, links to our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and other documents we file with or furnish to the SEC, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report. 

Glossary of Selected Reinsurance Terms 
 Accident Health insurance Insurance against loss by illness or bodily injury. Health insurance provides coverage for medicine, visits to the doctor or emergency room, hospital stays, and other medical expenses. Acquisition costs Ceding commissions, profit commissions, brokerage fees, premium taxes, and other direct expenses relating directly to premium production. Acquisition cost ratio The acquisition cost ratio is calculated by dividing net acquisition costs by net premiums earned. Actuary A person professionally trained in the mathematical and technical aspects of insurance and related fields, particularly in calculating premiums, loss reserves, and other values. Broker An intermediary who negotiates contracts of insurance or reinsurance, receiving a commission for placement and other services rendered, between (1) a policyholder and a primary insurer, on behalf of the policyholder, (2) a primary insurer and a reinsurer, on behalf of the primary insurer, or (3) a reinsurer and a retrocessionaire, on behalf of the reinsurer. Capacity Capacity is the percentage of surplus that an insurer or reinsurer is willing or able to place at risk or the dollar amount of exposure it is willing to assume. Capacity may apply to a single risk, a program, a business line, or an entire book of business. Capacity may be constrained by legal restrictions, corporate restrictions, or indirect financial restrictions such as capital adequacy requirements. Casualty reinsurance Casualty reinsurance is primarily concerned with the losses caused by injuries to third persons (persons other than the policyholder) and the legal liability imposed on the policyholder resulting therefrom. Casualty reinsurance includes but is not limited to workers compensation, automobile liability, and general liability. A greater degree of unpredictability is generally associated with casualty risks known as long-tail risks, where losses take time to become known, and a claim may be separated from the circumstances that caused it by several years. An example of a long-tail casualty risk includes the use of certain drugs that may cause cancer or birth defects. There tends to be a greater delay in the reporting and settlement of casualty reinsurance claims due to the long-tail nature of the underlying casualty risks and their greater potential for litigation. Catastrophe A severe loss, typically involving multiple claimants. Common perils include earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, hailstorms, tornados, derechos, severe winter weather, floods, fires, explosions, volcanic eruptions, and other natural or human-made disasters. Catastrophe losses may also arise from acts of war, acts of terrorism, and geopolitical instability. Cede; cedent When a party reinsures its liability to another party, it cedes business to the reinsurer and is referred to as the client. Claim Request by an insured or reinsured for indemnification by an insurance or reinsurance company for loss incurred from an insured peril or event. Client A party whose liability is reinsured by a reinsurer, also known as a cedent. Combined ratio The combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio, acquisition cost ratio, and underwriting expense ratio. Composite ratio The composite ratio is the ratio of underwriting losses incurred, loss adjustment expenses, and acquisition costs, excluding underwriting-related general and administrative expenses, to net premiums earned, or equivalently, the sum of the loss ratio and acquisition cost ratio. Corporate expenses Corporate expenses include those costs associated with operating as a publicly listed entity and an allocation of other general and administrative expenses. Deposit assets and liabilities Assets (or liabilities) representing the consideration paid (or received) in connection with contracts that do not incorporate sufficient risk transfer to merit reinsurance accounting. 
 19 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Development The difference between the amount of reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses initially estimated by an insurer or reinsurer and the amount re-estimated in an evaluation at a later date. Excess of loss reinsurance Reinsurance that indemnifies the reinsured against all or a specified portion of losses above a specified dollar or percentage loss ratio amount. Financial strength rating The opinion of rating agencies regarding an insurance or reinsurance company s financial ability to meet its financial obligations under its policies. Funds at Lloyd s (FAL) Funds of an approved form that are lodged and held in trust at Lloyd's as security for a member s underwriting activities. They comprise the member s deposit, personal reserve fund, and special reserve fund. They may be drawn down if the member s syndicate-level premium trust funds are insufficient to cover its liabilities. The amount of the deposit is related to the member's premium income limit and also the nature of the underwriting account. Gross premiums written Total premiums for assumed reinsurance during a given period. Health insurance Insurance against loss by illness or bodily injury. Health insurance covers medicine, visits to the doctor or emergency room, hospital stays, and other medical expenses. Incurred but not reported (IBNR) Reserves for estimated loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred by insureds and reinsureds but not yet reported to the insurer or reinsurer, including unknown future developments on loss and loss adjustment expenses known to the insurer or reinsurer. Lloyd s Depending on the context, this term may refer to - (a) the society of individual and corporate underwriting members that insure and reinsure risks as members of one or more syndicates. Lloyd s is not an insurance company; (b) the underwriting room in the Lloyd s Building in which managing agents underwrite insurance and reinsurance on behalf of their syndicate members. In this sense, Lloyd s should be understood as a marketplace; or (c) the Corporation of Lloyd s, which regulates and provides support services to the Lloyd s market. Loss adjustment expenses (LAE) The expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees, and the portion of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs. Also known as claim adjustment expenses. Loss ratio The loss ratio is calculated by dividing net loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred by net premiums earned. Loss reserves and loss adjustment expense reserves Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect the estimated cost of claims payments and the related expenses that the insurer or reinsurer will ultimately be required to pay in respect of insurance or reinsurance contracts it has written. Reserves are established for losses and loss adjustment expenses and consist of reserves established for individual reported claims and incurred but not reported losses. Multi-line Contracts that cover more than one line of business. Net financial impact The net impact of prior period loss development after taking into account net losses and loss expenses incurred, earned reinstatement premiums assumed and ceded, and adjustments to assumed and ceded acquisition costs and profit commissions. Net premiums written An insurer s gross premiums written, less premiums ceded to reinsurers. Non-admitted insurers An insurer not licensed to do business in the jurisdiction in question. Also known as an unauthorized insurer and unlicensed insurer. Premiums; written, earned, and unearned Premiums represent the cost of insurance paid by the cedent or insured to the insurer or reinsurer. Written represents the total amount of premiums received, and earned represents the amount recognized as income over a period of time. Unearned is the difference between written and earned premiums. Probable maximum loss (PML) PML is the anticipated loss, taking into account contract terms and limits, caused by a natural catastrophe affecting a broad geographic area, such as that caused by an earthquake or hurricane. Professional liability insurance Professional liability insurance protects a company and its representatives against legal claims arising from error or misconduct in providing or failing to provide professional services. This coverage includes errors and omissions policies, directors and officers coverage, and specialty coverage like employment practices liability insurance. Profit commission A commission paid by a reinsurer to a ceding insurer based on a predetermined percentage of the profit realized by the reinsurer on the ceded business. 
 20 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Property insurance Property insurance covers a business s building and its contents money and securities, records, inventory, furniture, machinery, supplies, and even intangible assets such as trademarks when damage, theft, or loss occurs. Property catastrophe reinsurance Property catastrophe reinsurance contracts are typically all risk in nature, protecting against losses from natural and human-made catastrophes. Losses on these contracts typically stem from direct property damage and business interruption. Proportional reinsurance All forms of reinsurance in which the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the original premiums and losses of the reinsured. In proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer generally pays the client a ceding commission. The ceding commission is generally based on the client s cost of acquiring the business being reinsured (including commissions, premium taxes, assessments, and miscellaneous administrative expenses) and may include a profit component. Frequently referred to as quota-share reinsurance. Quota-share reinsurance A form of proportional reinsurance in which the reinsurer assumes an agreed percentage of each underlying insurance contract being reinsured. Reinstatement premium Premium charged for the reinstatement of the amount of reinsurance coverage to its full amount otherwise reduced as a result of a reinsurance loss payment. Reinsurance An arrangement in which a reinsurer agrees to indemnify an insurance company, the client, against all or a portion of the insurance risks underwritten by the client under one or more policies. Reinsurance can provide a client with several benefits, including reducing net liability on individual risks and catastrophe protection from large or multiple losses. Reinsurance also provides a client with additional underwriting capacity by permitting it to accept larger risks and write more business than would be possible without a related increase in capital and surplus, and facilitates the maintenance of acceptable financial ratios by the client. Reinsurance does not legally discharge the client from its liability with respect to its obligations to the insured. Reinsurer An insurance company that assumes part of the risk in exchange for part of the premium to a primary insurer. Retrocession; retrocessional coverage A transaction whereby a reinsurer cedes to another reinsurer, commonly referred to as the retrocessionaire, all or part of the reinsurance that the first reinsurer has assumed. Retrocessional reinsurance does not legally discharge the ceding reinsurer from its liability with respect to its obligations to the reinsured. Risk-free rate The interest rate on a riskless or safe asset, usually taken to be a short-term U.S. government security. Risk transfer The shifting of all or a part of a risk to another party. Severity business Insurance/reinsurance characterized by contracts containing the potential for significant losses emanating from one event. Surety and fidelity insurance Surety and fidelity insurance includes (1) insurance guaranteeing the fidelity of persons holding positions of public or private trust; (2) insurance guaranteeing the performance of contracts other than insurance policies and guaranteeing and executing bonds, undertakings, and contracts of suretyship; and (3) insurance indemnifying banks, bankers, brokers, financial or moneyed corporations or associations against loss. Underwriter An insurance or reinsurance company employee who examines, accepts, or rejects risks and classifies risks to charge an appropriate premium for each accepted risk. Underwriting The process of evaluating, defining, and pricing reinsurance risks including, where appropriate, the rejection of such risks, and the acceptance of the obligation to pay the reinsured under the terms of the contract. Underwriting expense Underwriting expenses include those expenses directly related to underwriting activities that are not eligible to be capitalized and an allocation of other general and administrative expenses. Underwriting expense ratio The underwriting expense ratio includes those expenses directly related to underwriting activities and an allocation of other general and administrative expenses. Therefore, the underwriting expense ratio is the ratio of underwriting expenses to net premiums earned. The underwriting expense ratio also incorporates interest income and expenses from deposit-accounted contracts. 
 
 21 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Workers compensation insurance Workers compensation insurance provides medical, disability, and lost-wage benefits to employees for injuries and illness sustained in the course of their employment. 
 
 22 

Link to Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following risk factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 

Risk Factors Summary 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 
 Our results of operations fluctuate from period to period and may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. 
 A downgrade or withdrawal of our A.M. Best ratings would materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 If our losses and loss adjustment expenses greatly exceed our loss reserves, our financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our property and casualty reinsurance operations make us vulnerable to losses from catastrophes and may cause our results of operations to vary significantly from period to period. 
 The inability to obtain business provided from brokers could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Insurance and Other Regulations 
 
 Any suspension or revocation of any of our licenses would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 Our reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements could subject us to regulatory action. 
 We are subject to the risk of possibly becoming an investment company under U.S. federal securities law. 
 A failure by Syndicate 3456 to comply with rules and regulations could materially and adversely interfere with our business strategy. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our SILP Investment Strategy 
 
 Our investment performance depends in part on the performance of SILP and may suffer as a result of adverse financial market developments or other factors that impact SILP s liquidity, which could materially and adversely affect our investment results, financial condition and results of operations. 
 SILP may be concentrated in a few large positions, which could result in material adverse valuation movements. 
 Under the SILP LPA, we are contractually obligated to invest substantially all our assets in SILP with certain exceptions. SILP s performance depends on the ability of DME Advisors to select and manage appropriate investments. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Innovations Strategy 
 The carry values of our Innovations investments may differ significantly from those that would be used if we carried these investments at fair value. 
 Our Innovations investments support our underwriting operations and the failure to identify and consummate investment opportunities may materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 Investments in privately held early-stage companies involve significant risks. 
 
 23 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Our Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Our level of debt may have an adverse impact on our liquidity, restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to business opportunities, and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 We may not be able to repay or refinance our convertible notes, pay interest on the convertible notes, or settle conversions of the convertible notes in cash or to repurchase the convertible notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt, if any, may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the convertible notes. 
 Provisions of our Articles, the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and our corporate structure may each impede a takeover, which could adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Risks Relating to Taxation 
 
 Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re and/or GRIL may be subject to United States federal income taxation. 
 United States persons who own Class A ordinary shares may be subject to United States federal income taxation on our undistributed earnings and may recognize ordinary income upon disposition of Class A ordinary shares. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA may cause us to undertake changes to the manner in which we conduct our business and could subject United States persons who own Class A ordinary shares to United States income taxation on our undistributed earnings. 
 The impact of the initiative of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD and the European Union EU to eliminate harmful tax practices is uncertain and could adversely affect our tax status in the Cayman Islands, where we are exempt from income taxes. 

Additional details relating to the above and other risk factors are described below: 

Risks Relating to Our Business 
 
 Our results of operations fluctuate from period to period and may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. 
 
 Our results of operations fluctuate from period to period due to a variety of factors, including: 
 our assessment of the quality of available reinsurance and renewal opportunities; loss experience on our reinsurance contracts; reinsurance contract pricing; the volume and mix of reinsurance products we underwrite; and our ability to assess and integrate our risk management strategy. 
 
 In addition, our SILP investment strategy and Innovations investments are likely to be more volatile than traditional fixed-income portfolios composed primarily of investment-grade bonds. See Risks Relating to Our SILP Investment Strategy and Risks Relating to Our Innovations Investments. Accordingly, our short-term results of operations may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. 
 
 A downgrade or withdrawal of our A.M. Best ratings would materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 If A.M. Best downgrades or withdraws either of our ratings, we could be severely limited or prevented from writing any new reinsurance contracts, which would materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. Additionally, if A.M. Best downgrades or withdraws our ratings, we cannot provide assurance that our regulators, the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority and the Central Bank of Ireland, would continue to authorize our current business strategy and investment strategy. See Risks Relating to Insurance and Other Regulations Any suspension or revocation of our reinsurance licenses would materially and adversely impact our ability to do business and implement our business strategy . 
 
 24 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Greenlight Re s A.M. Best rating of A- (Excellent) with a stable outlook is the fourth highest of 13 ratings that A.M. Best issues. A.M. Best periodically reviews our ratings and may revise one or more of our ratings downward or revoke them at its sole discretion based primarily on its analysis of our balance sheet strength, operating performance, and business profile. Potential developments that may affect such an analysis include: 
 if A.M. Best alters its capital adequacy assessment methodology in a manner that would adversely affect the rating of our reinsurance entities; if A.M. Best alters its approach regarding our SILP investment strategy or our Innovations investments; if our actual losses significantly exceed our loss reserves; if unfavorable financial or market trends impact us; if we change our business practices from our organizational business plan in a manner that no longer supports our A.M. Best ratings; if we are unable to retain our senior management and other key personnel or implement succession plans; or if our investments incur significant losses. 
 
 If A.M. Best downgrades or withdraws either of our ratings, we could be severely limited or prevented from writing new or renewal reinsurance contracts, which would materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. In addition, substantially all of our assumed reinsurance contracts contain provisions that permit our clients to cancel the contract or require additional collateral in the event of a downgrade in our A.M. Best ratings below specified levels or a reduction of our capital or surplus below specified levels over the course of the agreement. 
 
 We expect that similar provisions will also be included in future contracts. Whether a client would exercise such cancellation rights would likely depend on, among other things, the prevailing market conditions, the degree of unexpired coverage, and the pricing and availability of replacement reinsurance coverage. We cannot predict how many of our clients would ultimately exercise such rights. The exercise of such rights in the aggregate could significantly affect our financial condition, results of operations, and our underwriting capacity. 
 
 If our losses and loss adjustment expenses greatly exceed our loss reserves, our financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses and loss adjustment expenses associated with the risks we reinsure. Reserves are liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect the estimated cost of claims payments and the related expenses that the insurer or reinsurer will ultimately be required to pay in respect of insurance or reinsurance contracts it has written. The Company estimates these reserves based upon facts and circumstances then known, estimates of future trends in claim severity, and other variable factors. The inherent uncertainties associated with estimating loss reserves are generally greater for reinsurance companies than for primary insurance companies due primarily to: 
 
 the lapse of time from the occurrence of an event to the reporting of the claim and the ultimate resolution or settlement of the claim; the settlement delays associated with the reporting delays; the diversity of development patterns among different types of reinsurance treaties; the necessary reliance on clients for information regarding claims; and other macro-economic changes which may impact reserves generally. 
 
 Our reserve estimates may be less reliable than the reserve estimations of a reinsurer with a greater volume of business and more established loss history. Actual losses and loss adjustment expenses paid may deviate substantially from the estimates of our loss reserves contained in our financial statements and could negatively affect our results of operations. If we determine our loss reserves to be inadequate, we will increase our loss reserves with a corresponding reduction in our net income and capital in the period in which we identify the deficiency. If our losses and loss adjustment expenses greatly exceed our loss reserves, our financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. For a summary of the effects of reserve re-estimation on prior year reserves and net income, see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates, Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves . 
 
 We may need additional capital in the future in order to operate our business, and such capital may not be available to us or may not be available to us on favorable terms. 
 
 25 

Link to Table of Contents 

 We may need to raise additional capital in the future through public or private equity or debt offerings or otherwise in order to: 
 repay our convertible notes; fund liquidity needs or replace lost capital resulting from underwriting or investment losses; meet rating agency capital requirements; satisfy collateral requirements that may be imposed by our clients or by regulators; meet applicable statutory jurisdiction requirements; or respond to competitive pressures. 
 
 Additional capital may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. Increases in interest rates could result in higher interest expense on our outstanding debt. Further, any additional capital raised through the sale of equity could dilute existing ownership interest in our company and may cause the market price of our Class A ordinary shares to decline. Additional capital raised through the issuance of debt may result in creditors having rights, preferences, and privileges senior or otherwise superior to those of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Competitors with greater resources may make it difficult for us to effectively market our products or offer our products at a profit. 
 
 The reinsurance industry is highly competitive. We compete with major reinsurers, many of which have substantially greater financial, marketing, and management resources than we do, including Arch Capital, Axis, Everest Re, Hamilton Re, Hannover Re, Renaissance Re, and Sirius Point, as well as smaller companies, other niche reinsurers, and Lloyd s syndicates and their related entities. Competition in the types of business that we underwrite is based on many factors, including: 
 the perceived financial strength and general reputation of the reinsurer, including its level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, and other subjective matters; ratings assigned by independent rating agencies; relationships with reinsurance brokers; pricing; terms and conditions of products offered; speed of claims payment; and the experience and reputation of the members of our underwriting team in the particular lines of reinsurance we seek to underwrite. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the reinsurance market. Our failure to compete effectively could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and may increase the likelihood that we will be deemed a passive foreign investment company or an investment company. See Risks Relating to Taxation United States persons who own Class A ordinary shares may be subject to United States federal income taxation on our undistributed earnings and may recognize ordinary income upon disposition of Class A ordinary shares. and Risks Relating to Insurance and Other Regulations We are subject to the risk of possibly becoming an investment company under U.S. federal securities law. 
 
 Consolidation in the reinsurance industry could adversely affect us. 
 
 The reinsurance industry, including our competitors, customers, and insurance and reinsurance brokers, has experienced significant consolidation over the last several years. Consolidated entities may try to use their enhanced market power to negotiate price reductions for our products and services. If competitive pressures reduce our prices, we would expect to write less business. If the insurance industry further consolidates, competition for customers may intensify, and the importance of acquiring and servicing each customer may become greater. We could incur greater expenses relating to customer acquisition and retention, further reducing our operating margins. In addition, insurance companies that merge may be able to spread their risks across a larger capital base so that they require less reinsurance. The number of companies offering retrocessional reinsurance may decline. Reinsurance intermediaries could also consolidate, potentially adversely impacting our ability to access business and distribute our products. We could also experience more robust competition from larger, better-capitalized competitors. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 26 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Inflation may adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Steps taken by governments throughout the world in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, expansionary monetary policies, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and other factors have led to an inflationary environment. Our operations are susceptible to inflation, and underestimating inflation levels could result in underpricing the risks we reinsure. Additionally, our reserving models include assumptions about future payments for the settlement of claims and claims-handling expenses, such as the value of replacing property, associated labor costs for the property business we write, and litigation costs. Inflation may cause costs to increase above loss reserves established for claims. In that case, we will be required to increase our loss reserves with a corresponding reduction in net income in the period the deficiency is identified, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Unanticipated higher inflation could also lead to higher interest rates, potentially negatively impacting the value of any rate-sensitive financial instruments held by SILP and could also impact our Innovations investments. See Risks Related to Our SILP Investment Strategy and Risks Related to Our Innovations Investments. 
 
 The effect of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business is uncertain. 
 
 As industry practices and social, political, legal, judicial, and regulatory conditions change, unexpected issues related to claims and coverage have emerged and adversely affected our results. Examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to: 
 
 new theories of liability and disputes regarding medical causation with respect to certain diseases; assignment-of-benefits agreements, where rights of insurance claims and benefits of the insurance policy are transferred to third parties, which can result in inflated repair costs and legal expenses to insurers and reinsurers; 
 claims related to political unrest, geopolitical instability, or other politically driven events, such as the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including loss claims relating to expropriation, forced abandonment, license cancellation, trade embargo, contract frustration, non-payment, war on land or political violence (including terrorism, revolution insurrection, and civil unrest); claims related to data security breaches, information system failures, or cyber-attacks; and claims related to business interruption including protocols enlisted by governments in connection with pandemics, and ransomware and cyber-attacks. 
 
 Additionally, various provisions of our contracts, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum, may be difficult to enforce in the manner we intend due to, among other things, disputes relating to coverage and choice of legal forum. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond the period that we intended or by increasing the number or size of claims. In some instances, these changes may not manifest themselves until many years after we have issued reinsurance contracts that are affected by these changes. As a result, we may not be able to ascertain the full extent of our liabilities under our reinsurance contracts for many years following the issuance of our contracts. 
 
 The property and casualty reinsurance market may be affected by cyclical trends. 
 
 We write reinsurance in the property and casualty markets, which are subject to pricing cycles. These cycles, as well as other factors that influence aggregate supply and demand for property and casualty reinsurance products, are outside our control. Primary insurers underwriting results, prevailing general economic and market conditions, liability retention decisions of companies, and primary insurers and reinsurance premium rates influence the demand for property and casualty reinsurance. Prevailing prices and available surplus to support assumed business influence reinsurance supply. Supply may fluctuate in response to changes in return on capital realized in the reinsurance industry, the frequency and severity of losses, and prevailing general economic and market conditions. 
 
 As a result, the reinsurance business historically has been a cyclical industry characterized by periods of intense price competition due to high levels of available underwriting capacity and periods when shortages of capacity have permitted favorable premium levels and changes in terms and conditions. The supply of available reinsurance capital could increase in future years, either due to capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers. 
 
 Continued increases in the supply of reinsurance may have consequences for the reinsurance industry generally and for us, including fewer contracts written, lower premium rates, increased expenses for customer acquisition and retention, less favorable policy terms and conditions, and/or lower premium volume. The effects of cyclicality could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 27 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Operational risks, including human or systems failures, are inherent in our business. 
 
 Operational risks and losses can result from, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions or to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, information technology failures, or external events. 
 
 We believe that our modeling, underwriting, information technology, and application systems are critical to our business. We utilize modeling tools to facilitate the pricing, reserving, and risk management of our reinsurance portfolio. These models help us to control risk accumulation, inform management and other stakeholders of capital requirements and to improve the risk/return profile or minimize the amount of capital required to cover the risks in each reinsurance contract. However, given the inherent uncertainty of modeling techniques and the application of such techniques, these models and databases may not accurately address the emergence of a variety of matters that might be deemed to impact certain of our coverages. These models have been developed internally, and in some cases, they make use of third-party software. The construction of these models and the selection of assumptions require significant actuarial judgment. Furthermore, these models typically rely on either cedent or industry data, which may be incomplete or may be subject to errors. Accordingly, these models, and the assumptions and judgements made in connection therewith, may understate the exposures we are assuming, and our financial results may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 Technology breaches or failures, including those resulting from a malicious ransomware or cyber-attack on us or our business partners and service providers, could disrupt or otherwise negatively impact our business. 
 
 Our information technology and application systems have been an important part of our underwriting process and our ability to compete successfully. We have also licensed certain systems and data from third parties. We cannot be certain that we will have access to these service providers or that our information technology or application systems will continue to operate as intended. In addition, we cannot be certain that we would be able to replace these systems without slowing our underwriting response time. Like all companies, we have information technology and application systems that are vulnerable to data breaches, interruptions or failures due to events that may be beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, theft, terrorist attacks, malicious ransomware cyber-attacks , computer viruses, hackers and general technology failures. 
 
 A major defect or failure in our internal controls or information technology and application systems could result in management distraction, a violation of applicable privacy or other laws, harm our reputation, a loss of customers, or monetary fines or penalties or otherwise increased expenses. We believe appropriate controls and mitigation procedures are in place to prevent significant data breaches, interruptions, or failures in, information technology and application systems. However, internal controls provide only a reasonable, not absolute, assurance as to the absence of errors or irregularities, and the ineffectiveness of such controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The cybersecurity regulatory environment is evolving, and we expect the costs of complying with new or developing regulatory requirements to increase. In addition, as our operations expand to other jurisdictions, we will be required to comply with cybersecurity laws in those jurisdictions, which will further increase our cost of compliance. 
 
 Epidemics, pandemics, and other public health threats, including COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity, in a manner and to a degree that cannot be predicted. 
 
 We continue to monitor the developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, including actions taken or recommended by governments and other authorities to reduce the spread of the virus and to assess its impact on our business and the insurance and reinsurance sectors. The future impact of the pandemic on us is uncertain and could have a material adverse impact on inflation, global financial markets, and our results of operations, financial position, and/or liquidity. The extent of the impact will depend on future developments, including actions taken to limit the spread of COVID-19 and the uncertain impact of potential judicial, legislative, and regulatory actions by local, state, and national governmental and regulatory bodies. Risks presented by the ongoing effects of COVID-19 include possible higher loss and loss adjustment expenses, inflation, potential impairment on SILP s investment strategy or performance, Innovations investments performance and heightened cybersecurity risks. 
 
 28 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Our property and casualty reinsurance operations make us vulnerable to losses from catastrophes and may cause our results of operations to vary significantly from period to period. 
 
 Certain of our reinsurance operations expose us to claims arising out of unpredictable catastrophic events, including weather-related and other natural catastrophes and man-made disasters such as acts of war or terrorism. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable. Increases in the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the losses that result from them are possible. In particular, climate change, to the extent that it produces extreme changes in temperatures and weather patterns, could impact the frequency or severity of weather events and wildfires. Changes in weather patterns could also affect the frequency and severity of other natural catastrophe events to which we may be exposed. Further, such catastrophes could impact the affordability and availability of homeowners insurance, which could impact pricing. Additionally, increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property, particularly along coastal regions, could cause the cost of such losses to increase. 
 
 Catastrophic losses are a function of the insured exposure in the affected area and the event s severity. Claims from catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The inability to obtain business provided from brokers could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A significant portion of our business is placed through brokered transactions, which involve a limited number of reinsurance brokers, which has continued to decrease in recent years as a result of consolidation in the broker sector. Our two largest brokers each accounted for more than 10 of our gross written premiums, and in the aggregate, they accounted for approximately 44.5 of our gross premiums written in 2022. Because broker-produced business is concentrated with a small number of brokers, we are exposed to concentration risk. To lose or fail to expand all or a substantial portion of the business provided through brokers could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on our clients evaluations of the risks associated with their insurance underwriting, which may subject us to reinsurance losses. 
 
 In our proportional reinsurance business, in which we assume an agreed percentage of each underlying insurance contract, we do not expect to separately evaluate each of the original individual risks assumed under these reinsurance contracts. Therefore, we are largely dependent on the original underwriting decisions made by ceding companies. We are subject to the risk that the clients may not have adequately evaluated the insured risks and that the premiums ceded may not adequately compensate us for the risks we assume. We also do not separately evaluate each of the individual claims made on the underlying insurance contracts under quota share contracts, rendering us dependent on the claims decisions our clients make. 
 
 We are subject to the credit risk of our brokers, cedents, agents and other counterparties. 
 
 In accordance with industry practice, we frequently pay amounts owed on claims under our policies to reinsurance brokers, and these brokers, in turn, remit these amounts to the ceding companies that have reinsured a portion of their liabilities with us. In some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the client for the deficiency, notwithstanding the broker s obligation to make such payment. Conversely, in certain jurisdictions, when the client pays premiums for policies to reinsurance brokers for payment to us, these premiums are considered to have been paid, and the client will no longer be liable to us for these premiums, whether or not we have actually received them. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with brokers. 
 
 We are also exposed to the credit risk of our cedents and agents, who, pursuant to their contracts with us, may be required to pay us profit commission, additional premiums, reinstatement premiums, and adjustments to ceding commissions over a period of time, which in some cases may extend beyond the initial period of risk coverage. Insolvency, liquidity problems, distressed financial condition, or the general effects of an economic recession may increase the risk that our cedents or agents may not pay some or all of their obligations to us. To the extent our cedents or agents become unable to pay us, we would be required to recognize a downward adjustment to our reinsurance balances receivable or loss and loss expenses recoverable, as applicable, in our financial statements. While we generally seek to mitigate this risk through, among other things, collateral agreements, funds withheld, corporate guarantees, and the right to offset receivables against any losses payable, an increased inability of customers to fulfill their obligations to us could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 29 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Our reinsurance balances receivable from brokers and cedents at December 31, 2022 totaled 505.6 million, which included premiums, ceding commissions receivable, and funds at Lloyd s, a majority of which are not collateralized. We cannot provide assurance that such receivables will be collected or that valuation allowances or write-downs for uncollectible balances will not be required in future periods. 
 
 We may be unable to purchase reinsurance for the liabilities we reinsure, and if we successfully purchase such reinsurance, we may be unable to collect, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 From time to time, we seek to purchase reinsurance for certain liabilities we reinsure to mitigate the effect of a potential concentration of losses upon our financial condition. The insolvency or inability or refusal of a retrocessionaire to make payments under the terms of its agreement with us could have an adverse effect on us because our obligations to our clients would remain. At certain times, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of retrocessional coverage they consider necessary for their business needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain our desired amounts of retrocessional coverage, negotiate terms that we deem appropriate or acceptable, or obtain retrocessional coverage from entities with satisfactory creditworthiness. Our inability to establish adequate retrocessional arrangements or the failure of our retrocessional arrangements to protect us from overly concentrated risk exposure could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our failure to comply with restrictive covenants contained in our current or future credit facilities could trigger prepayment obligations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations . 
 
 Our credit facility requires us and/or certain of our subsidiaries to comply with certain covenants, including restrictions on our ability to place a lien or charge on pledged assets, issue debt, and in certain circumstances, on the payment of dividends. Our failure to comply with these or other covenants could result in an event of default under the credit facility or any credit facility we may enter into in the future, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us being required to repay the amounts outstanding under these facilities prior to maturity. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If we lose or are unable to retain or implement succession plans for our senior management and other key personnel, our ability to implement our business strategy could be delayed or hindered, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our success depends, to a significant extent, on the efforts of our senior management and other key personnel to implement our business strategy. We believe there are only a limited number of available qualified executives with substantial experience in our industry and we currently do not maintain key life insurance with respect to any of our senior management. We could face challenges and incur expenses in attracting and retaining personnel in the Cayman Islands, U.K., and Ireland. Accordingly, the loss of the services of one or more of the members of our senior management or other key personnel, or our inability to implement succession plans or hire and retain other key personnel, could prevent us from continuing to implement our business strategy and, consequently, materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our ability to implement our business strategy could be adversely affected by Cayman Islands employment restrictions. 
 
 Under Cayman Islands law, persons who are not Caymanian, do not possess Caymanian status, or are not otherwise entitled to reside and work in the Cayman Islands pursuant to provisions of the Immigration Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, which we refer to as the Immigration Act, may not engage in any gainful occupation in the Cayman Islands without an appropriate governmental work permit. Such a work permit may be granted or extended on a continuous basis for a maximum period of nine years (after having been legally and ordinarily resident in the Cayman Islands for a period of eight years a person may apply for permanent residence in accordance with the provisions of the Immigration Act) upon showing that, after proper public advertisement, no Caymanian or person of Caymanian status, or other person legally and ordinarily resident in the Cayman Islands who meets the minimum standards for the advertised position is available. The failure of these work permits to be granted or extended could prevent us from continuing to implement our business strategy. 
 
 30 

Link to Table of Contents 

 We may face risks arising from future strategic transactions such as acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, or joint ventures. 
 
 We may pursue strategic transactions from time to time, which could involve acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets. Any strategic transactions could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, results of operation, or financial condition. Sources of risk arising from these types of transactions include financial, accounting, tax, and regulatory challenges; difficulties with integration, business retention, execution of strategy, unforeseen liabilities or market conditions; and other managerial or operating risks and challenges. Any future transactions could also subject us to risks such as failure to obtain appropriate value, post-closing claims being levied against us, and disruption to our other businesses during the negotiation or execution process or thereafter. Accordingly, these risks and difficulties may prevent us from realizing the expected benefits from such strategic transactions. For example, businesses that we acquire or our strategic alliances or joint ventures may underperform relative to the price paid or resources committed by us; we may not achieve anticipated cost savings; we may otherwise be adversely affected by transaction-related charges; we may assume unknown or undisclosed business, operational, tax, regulatory and other liabilities; fail to accurately assess known contingent liabilities; or assume businesses with internal control deficiencies. Risk-mitigating provisions that we put in place in the course of negotiating and executing these transactions, such as due diligence efforts and indemnification provisions, may not be sufficient to fully address these risks and contingencies. 
 
 Non-compliance with laws, regulations, and taxation regarding transactions with international counterparties may adversely affect our business. 
 
 As we provide reinsurance on a worldwide basis, we are subject to an expanding legal, regulatory, and tax environment intended to help detect and prevent anti-trust activity, money laundering, terrorist financing, proliferation financing, fraud, tax avoidance, and other illicit activity. These requirements include, among others, regulations promulgated and administered by CIMA, the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012, and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. These and other programs prohibit or restrict dealings with certain persons, entities, countries, governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals and may require detailed reporting to various administrative parties. Non-compliance with any of these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 Currency fluctuations could result in exchange rate losses and negatively impact our business. 
 
 Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. However, we expect to write a portion of our business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We may incur foreign currency exchange gains or losses as we ultimately receive premiums and settle claims in foreign currencies. In addition, SILP may invest in securities or cash denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Consequently, we may experience exchange rate losses to the extent that our foreign currency exposure is not hedged, which could materially and adversely affect our business. If we or SILP hedge our foreign currency exposure through forward foreign currency exchange contracts or currency swaps, we will be subject to the risk that the hedging counterparties to such arrangements may fail to perform. 

Risks Relating to Insurance and Other Regulations 
 
 Any suspension or revocation of any of our licenses would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are licensed as a reinsurer in the Cayman Islands and the EEA. We are also licensed to write insurance business in the U.K. and the EEA through our Syndicate 3456. The suspension or revocation of any of our licenses to do business in either of these jurisdictions for any reason would mean that we would not be able to enter into any new reinsurance contracts in that jurisdiction until the suspension ended or we became licensed in another jurisdiction. The process of obtaining licenses is time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to become licensed in another jurisdiction in the event we choose to. Any such suspension or revocation of our license would negatively impact our reputation in the (re)insurance marketplace, could have a material adverse effect on any potential license application and would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 CIMA and the CBI may take a number of actions, including suspending or revoking a reinsurance license whenever the regulatory body believes that a licensee is or may become unable to meet its financial obligations, is carrying on business in a manner likely to be detrimental to the public interest or the interest of its creditors or policyholders, has contravened the terms of the Act, or has otherwise behaved in such a manner so as to cause such regulatory body to call into question the licensee s fitness to conduct regulated activity. 
 
 31 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Further, based on statutes, regulations, and policies in their respective jurisdictions, CIMA and CBI may suspend or revoke our licenses if certain events occur, including without limitation: 
 we cease to carry on reinsurance business; the direction and management of our reinsurance business have not been conducted in accordance with laws and regulations; we cease to meet certain capital and surplus requirements; a person holding a position as a director, manager or officer is not deemed to be a fit or proper person to hold the respective position; or we become bankrupt, go into liquidation, or are wound up or otherwise dissolved. 
 
 Similarly, if either CIMA or the CBI suspended or revoked our licenses, we could lose our exemption under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act (See We are subject to the risk of possibly becoming an investment company under U.S. federal securities law . 
 
 Our reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements could subject us to regulatory action. 
 
 The Insurance (Capital and Solvency) (Classes B, C, and D Insurers) Regulations (2018 Revision) (the Capital and Solvency Regulations impose on Greenlight Re a minimum capital requirement of US 50 million, a prescribed capital requirement of US 226.5 million and a requirement to maintain solvency equal to greater than the total prescribed capital requirement (the Capital Requirements ). At December 31, 2022, Greenlight Re was in compliance with the Capital Requirements. 
 
 GRIL, our Irish subsidiary, is required to comply with risk-based solvency requirements under the European legislation known as Solvency II, including calculating and maintaining a minimum capital requirement and solvency capital requirement. At December 31, 2022, GRIL s minimum capital requirement and solvency capital requirement was approximately 10.5 million and 41.9 million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, GRIL was in compliance with the capital requirements required under the Irish Insurance Acts and Regulations. 
 
 Any failure to meet applicable requirements or minimum statutory capital requirements could subject us to further examination or action by regulators, including restrictions on dividend payments, limitations on our writing of additional business or engaging in financial or other activities, enhanced supervision, financial or other penalties, or liquidation. Further, any changes in existing risk-based capital requirements or minimum statutory capital requirements may require us to increase our statutory capital levels, which we might be unable to do. 
 
 We are a holding company that depends on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends. 
 
 We are a holding company and do not have any significant operations or assets other than our ownership of the shares of our subsidiaries. Dividends and other permitted distributions from our subsidiaries are our primary source of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including future debt service payments, if any, and other corporate expenses, and to repurchase shares or pay dividends to our shareholders if we choose to do so. Some of our subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. The inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends to our shareholders if we choose to do so and/or meet our debt service obligations, if any. 
 
 To the extent any of our subsidiaries located in jurisdictions other than the Cayman Islands consider declaring dividends, such subsidiaries are required to comply with restrictions set forth under applicable law and regulations in such other jurisdictions. These restrictions could adversely impact the Company. 
 
 32 

Link to Table of Contents 

 We are subject to the risk of possibly becoming an investment company under U.S. federal securities law. 
 
 In the United States, the Investment Company Act regulates certain companies that invest in or trade securities. We rely on an exemption under the Investment Company Act for an entity organized and regulated as a foreign insurance company which is engaged primarily and predominantly in the reinsurance of risks on insurance agreements. The law in this area is subjective, and there is a lack of guidance as to the meaning of primarily and predominantly under the relevant exemption to the Investment Company Act. For example, there is no standard for the amount of premiums that need to be written relative to the level of an entity s capital in order to qualify for the exemption. If this exemption were deemed inapplicable, we would have to register under the Investment Company Act as an investment company. Registered investment companies are subject to extensive, restrictive, and potentially adverse regulation relating to, among other things, operating methods, management, capital structure, leverage, dividends, and transactions with affiliates. Registered investment companies are not permitted to operate their business in the manner in which we operate our business, nor are registered investment companies permitted to have many of the relationships that we have with our affiliated companies. Accordingly, we likely would not be permitted to be limited partners in SILP unless we obtained board and shareholder approvals under the Investment Company Act. If we did not invest in SILP, we would seek to identify and retain another investment advisor with a value-oriented investment philosophy. If we could not identify or retain such an advisor, we would be required to make substantial modifications to our investment strategy. Any such changes to our investment strategy could materially and adversely impact our investment results, financial condition, and ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 If at any time it were established that we had been operating as an investment company in violation of the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, there would be a risk, among other material adverse consequences, that we could become subject to monetary penalties or injunctive relief, or both, or that we would be unable to enforce contracts with third parties or that third parties could seek to obtain rescission of transactions with us undertaken during the period in which it was established that we were an unregistered investment company. 
 
 To the extent that the laws and regulations change in the future so that contracts we write are deemed not to be reinsurance contracts, we will be at greater risk of not qualifying for the Investment Company Act exception. Additionally, it is possible that our classification as an investment company would result in the suspension or revocation of our reinsurance license. 
 
 Insurance regulations to which we are, or may become, subject, and potential changes thereto, could have a significant and negative effect on our business. 
 
 We currently are admitted to do reinsurance business in the Cayman Islands and the European Economic Area. We are also licensed to write insurance business in the U.K. and the EEA through our Syndicate 3456. Our operations in these jurisdictions are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries are domiciled require that, among other things, these subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of statutory or regulatory capital, surplus, and liquidity, meet solvency standards, submit to periodic examinations of their financial condition, and restrict payments of dividends and reductions of capital. Statutes, regulations, and policies that our subsidiaries are subject to may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, make certain investments, and distribute funds. 
 
 More specifically, with respect to GRIL, Solvency II was introduced with effect from January 1, 2016, and governs the prudential regulation of insurers and reinsurers, and requires insurers and reinsurers in Europe to meet risk-based solvency requirements. It also imposes group solvency and governance requirements on groups with insurers and/or reinsurers operating in the European Economic Area. A number of European Commission delegated acts and technical standards have been adopted, which set out more detailed requirements based on the overarching provisions of the Solvency II Directive. However, further delegated acts, technical standards, and guidance are likely to be published on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Although we presently are admitted to do business in the Cayman Islands, U.K. and the EEA, we cannot provide assurance that insurance regulators in the United States or elsewhere will not review our activities and claim that we are subject to such jurisdiction s licensing requirements. In addition, we are subject to indirect regulatory requirements imposed by jurisdictions that may limit our ability to provide reinsurance. For example, our ability to write reinsurance may be subject, in certain cases, to arrangements satisfactory to applicable regulatory bodies, and proposed legislation and regulations may have the effect of imposing additional requirements upon, or restricting the market for, non-U.S. reinsurers such as Greenlight Re and GRIL, with whom domestic companies may place business. We do not know of any such proposed legislation pending at this time. 
 
 We may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain desired exemptions from, revised statutes, regulations, and policies that currently, or may in the future, govern the conduct of our business. Failure to comply with, or to obtain desired 
 33 

Link to Table of Contents 

 authorizations and/or exemptions under, any applicable laws could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate and could subject us to fines and other sanctions. The MAA includes amendments that provide for a specific administrative fines framework whereby CIMA has been granted the power to issue monetary penalties of up to 1 million Cayman Dollars for a very serious breach. 
 
 In addition, governmental authorities worldwide have become increasingly interested in potential risks posed by the insurance industry as a whole, and to the commercial and financial systems in general. While we cannot predict the exact nature, timing, or scope of possible governmental initiatives, there may be increased regulatory intervention in our industry in the future. Changes in the laws or regulations to which our subsidiaries are subject or may become subject, or in the interpretations thereof by enforcement or regulatory agencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 There are differences between Cayman Islands corporate law and Delaware corporate law with respect to interested party transactions, which may benefit certain of our shareholders at the expense of other shareholders. 
 
 As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a director of a Cayman Islands company is in the position of a fiduciary with respect 
 to the company and therefore it is considered that they owe the following duties to the company: a duty to act in good faith and 
 in what they consider to be in the best interests of the company; a duty not to make a profit out of their position as director 
 (unless the company permits them to do so); a duty to exercise their powers for the purposes for which they are conferred; and a 
 duty not to put themselves in a position where the interests of the company conflict with their personal interest or their duty to a 
 third party. A director of a Cayman Islands company owes to the company a duty to act with skill and care. A director will need 
 to exhibit in the performance of their duties both the degree of skill that may reasonably be expected from a subjective 
 perspective determined by reference to their knowledge and experience and the skill and care objectively to be expected from a 
 person occupying office as a director of the company. 
 
 Under Cayman Islands corporate law and pursuant to our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Articles ), a director may vote on a contract or transaction where the director has an interest as a shareholder, director, officer, or employee, provided such interest is duly disclosed to the Board. In exercising any such vote, such director's duties remain as described above. Pursuant to our Articles none of our contracts will be deemed to be void purely because any director is an interested party in such transaction and in such circumstances, interested parties will generally not be held liable for monies owed to the Company. Under Delaware law, interested party transactions are voidable. 
 
 A failure by Syndicate 3456 to comply with rules and regulations could materially and adversely interfere with our business strategy. 
 
 Syndicate 3456 is subject to Lloyd s oversight. The PRA and the FCA regulate all financial services firms in the U.K., including Lloyd s and Syndicate 3456. Both the PRA and the FCA have substantial powers of intervention in relation to Lloyd s Syndicates, including the power to remove Lloyd s authorization to manage such Syndicates. See Item 1. Business Regulations UK Regulations for further discussion of such regulations. 
 
 Failure to comply with, or any future regulatory changes or rulings to, the regulations of the PRA and/or the FCA could interfere with the business strategy of Syndicate 3456, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Our SILP Investment Strategy 
 
 Our investment performance depends in part on the performance of SILP and may suffer as a result of adverse financial market developments or other factors that impact SILP s liquidity, which could materially and adversely affect our investment results, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our operating results depend in part on the performance of SILP. We cannot provide assurance that DME Advisors, on behalf of SILP, will successfully structure investments in relation to our liquidity needs or liabilities. Failure to do so could force us to make redemptions from SILP that cause DME Advisors to liquidate investments at a significant loss or at prices that are not optimal, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 The risks associated with the value-oriented investment strategy expected to be employed by SILP may be substantially greater than the risks associated with traditional fixed-income investment strategies. In addition, long equity investments may generate losses if the market declines. Similarly, short equity investments may generate losses in a rising market. The success of the investment strategy may also be affected by general economic conditions. Unexpected market volatility and illiquidity associated with our investment in SILP could materially and adversely affect our investment results, financial condition, or 
 34 

Link to Table of Contents 

 results of operations. 
 
 SILP may be concentrated in a few large positions, which could result in material adverse valuation movements. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted our investment guidelines, which provide that SILP may commit up to, but not more than, 10 of Greenlight Re Surplus (as defined in the SILP LPA) and 7.5 of GRIL Surplus (as defined in the SILP LPA) to any single investment, unless a waiver has been obtained by the board of directors of Greenlight Re or GRIL, as applicable. At December 31, 2022, SILP, along with certain affiliates of DME Advisors, collectively owned 37.2 of Green Brick Partners, Inc., a publicly traded company (NYSE: GRBK), or the GRBK Shares . At December 31, 2022, SILP had invested more than 10 of Greenlight Re Surplus in GRBK. Under applicable securities laws, DME Advisors may be unable to, or limited in its ability to trade GRBK Shares on behalf of SILP. As of the date of this filing, the board of directors of Greenlight Re had waived the applicable investment guidelines to allow SILP s investment in the GRBK Shares to exceed the 10 threshold. The board of directors of Greenlight Re and GRIL may grant future waivers relating to the GRBK Shares. 
 
 In addition, GRIL s investment guidelines require that the ten largest investments shall not constitute more than 40 of the GRIL Surplus, and GRIL s investment portfolio shall at all times, unless waived by the GRIL board of directors, be composed of a minimum of 50 debt or equity securities of publicly traded companies. From time to time, SILP may hold a small number of relatively large security positions in relation to our capital accounts. Since SILP may not be widely diversified by security or by industry, it may be subject to more rapid changes in value than would be the case if our investment portfolio were required to maintain a wide diversification among companies, securities industries, and types of securities. 
 
 Under the SILP LPA, we are contractually obligated to invest substantially all our assets in SILP with certain exceptions. SILP s performance depends on the ability of DME Advisors to select and manage appropriate investments. 
 
 DME Advisors acts as the exclusive investment advisor for SILP. Apart from funds required for collateral purposes, funds allocated to our Innovations investment strategy, risk management, and other operational needs, we are contractually obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause substantially all investable assets of Greenlight Re and GRIL to be contributed to SILP. Additionally, we are restricted from making additional contributions of assets that would cause the capital account balances of Greenlight Re and GRIL to represent more than 90 of the aggregate capital account balances of all of the partners of SILP. Although DME Advisors is contractually obligated to follow the investment guidelines of both Greenlight Re and GRIL, we cannot provide assurance as to how DME Advisors will allocate our investable assets to different investment opportunities. DME Advisors may allocate our capital accounts to long and short equity positions, debt, and derivatives, which could increase the level of risk to which our investment portfolio will be exposed. 
 
 The performance of the SILP investment portfolio depends to a great extent on the ability of DME Advisors to select and manage appropriate investments for SILP. We cannot assure you that DME Advisors will successfully meet our investment objectives. The diminution or loss of the services of DME Advisors principals (or loss or diminution of their market reputation) or the failure of DME Advisors to perform adequately could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, the loss of DME Advisors key personnel, or DME Advisors inability to hire and retain other key personnel, over which we have no control, could delay or prevent DME Advisors from fulfilling its obligations, which could materially and adversely affect SILP s performance and, correspondingly, our business and financial performance. 
 
 Under our investment management structure, we have limited control over SILP. 
 
 Under the SILP LPA, subject to our investment guidelines and certain other conditions, DME II, as the general partner of SILP, has complete and exclusive power and responsibility for all investment and investment management decisions to be undertaken on behalf of SILP and for managing and administering the affairs of SILP. DME II has the power and authority to do all things that it considers necessary or desirable to carry out its duties thereunder, including the power to delegate its authorities. While SILP is not, and is not expected to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or any comparable U.S. regulatory requirements, the general partner, or its designee, may resign or withdraw from SILP and may admit new limited partners to SILP without our consent, which may cause SILP to be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 The SILP LPA limits our ability to use another investment manager. 
 
 The SILP LPA contains exclusivity and limited termination provisions. Accordingly, we are unable to use other investment managers for so long as Greenlight Re and GRIL are limited partners in SILP. Greenlight Re and GRIL, as limited partners of SILP may withdraw upon notice only on the Greenlight Re Relevant Date or the GRIL Relevant Date or for cause (each as defined in the SILP LPA). Additionally, while GRIL may withdraw as a limited partner in SILP due to 
 35 

Link to Table of Contents 

 unsatisfactory long-term performance of DME II or DME Advisors, as determined solely by the Board of Directors of GRIL at the end of each fiscal year during the term of the SILP LPA, Greenlight Re may not. 
 
 The historical performance of DME Advisors and its affiliates should not be considered indicative of the future results of the SILP investment portfolio, our future results, or any returns expected on our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 The historical returns of SILP and other funds managed by DME Advisors and its affiliates are not directly linked to our Class A ordinary shares. Results for the SILP investment portfolio could differ from those of other funds managed by DME Advisors and its affiliates due to restrictions imposed by our investment guidelines and other factors. 
 
 Potential conflicts of interest with DME Advisors and its affiliates may exist that could adversely affect us. 
 
 DME Advisors and its affiliates, in addition to managing SILP, may engage in investment and trading activities for their own accounts and/or for the accounts of third parties. None of DME Advisors or its affiliates, including David Einhorn, Chairman of our Board of Directors and the President of Greenlight Capital, Inc., is obligated to devote any specific amount of time, effort or allocation, or prioritize any investment opportunity, to SILP or to address possible or actual conflicts among the accounts they may manage, which may adversely affect SILP s investment returns, and, correspondingly, our investment returns. 
 
 In addition, under Cayman Islands laws, Mr. Einhorn is not legally restricted from participating in making decisions with respect to Greenlight Re s investment guidelines. Accordingly, his involvement as a member of the Boards of Directors of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and Greenlight Re may lead to a conflict of interest. 
 
 DME Advisors and its affiliates may also manage accounts whose advisory fee schedules, investment objectives, and policies differ from those of SILP, which may cause DME Advisors and its affiliates to effect trading in one account that may have an adverse effect on another account, including SILP. We do not have the contractual right to inspect the trading records of DME Advisors or its principals. 
 
 Certain investments made by SILP may have limited liquidity and lack valuation data which could create a conflict of interest. 
 
 Our investment guidelines allow SILP to invest in certain securities with limited liquidity or no public market. This lack of liquidity may adversely affect the ability of SILP to execute trade orders at desired prices and may impact our ability to fulfill our underwriting payment obligations. To the extent that SILP invests in securities or instruments for which market quotations are not readily available, the valuation of such securities and instruments for purposes of compensation will be determined by DME Advisors, whose determination, subject to audit verification, will be conclusive and binding in the absence of bad faith or manifest error. 
 
 In addition, for all securities traded on public exchanges, each exchange typically has the right to suspend or limit trading in all securities it lists. Such a suspension could render it impossible to liquidate positions and thereby expose SILP and, correspondingly us, to losses. 
 
 If DME Advisor s risk management methodologies are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses. 
 
 DME Advisors and its affiliates continually refine its risk management techniques, strategies, and assessment methods. However, its risk management techniques and strategies do not fully mitigate the risk exposure of its funds and managed accounts, including SILP, in all economic or market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that it might fail to identify or anticipate. Any failures in DME Advisors risk management techniques and strategies to accurately quantify risk exposure could affect the risk-adjusted returns of SILP. In addition, any risk management failures could cause losses to be significantly greater than historical measures predict. DME Advisors approach to managing those risks could prove insufficient, exposing SILP, and correspondingly our SILP investment portfolio, to material unanticipated or material losses. 
 
 The compensation arrangements of SILP may create an incentive to effect transactions that are risky or speculative. 
 
 Pursuant to the SILP LPA, each of Greenlight Re and GRIL is obligated to pay a performance allocation of 20 to DME II at the end of each performance period based on its positive performance change to its capital account, subject to a modified loss carry forward provision. 
 
 The loss carry forward provision contained in the SILP LPA allows DME II to earn a reduced performance allocation of 10 of profits in any year subsequent to the year in which SILP has incurred a loss until all losses are recouped and an additional amount equal to 150 of the loss is earned. 
 
 36 

Link to Table of Contents 

 While the performance compensation arrangement contained in the SILP LPA provides that losses will be carried forward as an offset against net profits in subsequent periods, DME II and DME Advisors generally will not otherwise be penalized for losses or decreases in the value of our portfolio under the SILP LPA. These performance compensation arrangements may incentivize DME Advisors to engage in transactions that focus on the potential for short-term gains rather than long-term growth or that are particularly risky or speculative. 
 
 DME Advisors representatives service on boards and committees may place trading restrictions on our investments and may subject us to indemnification liability. 
 
 DME Advisors may, from time to time, place its or its affiliates representatives on creditors committees and/or boards of certain companies in which SILP has invested. While such representation may enable DME Advisors to enhance the sale value of SILP s investments, it may also prevent SILP from freely disposing of investments. The IAA provides for the indemnification of DME Advisors or any other person designated by DME Advisors for claims arising from such board representation. 
 
 The ability to use soft dollars may provide DME Advisors with an incentive to select certain brokers that may take into account benefits to be received by DME Advisors. 
 
 DME Advisors is entitled to use so-called soft dollars generated by commissions paid in connection with transactions for SILP to pay for certain of DME Advisors operating and overhead costs, including the payment of all or a portion of its costs and expenses of operation. Soft dollars are a means of paying brokerage firms for their services through commission revenue rather than through direct payments. DME Advisors only uses soft dollars to pay for expenses that would otherwise be borne by SILP and certain other co-managed funds. However, DME Advisors right to use soft dollars may give DME Advisors an incentive to select brokers or dealers for our transactions or to negotiate commission rates or other execution terms in a manner that takes into account the soft dollar benefits received by DME Advisors rather than giving exclusive consideration to the interests of our investment portfolio and, accordingly, may create a conflict. 
 
 Increased regulation or scrutiny of alternative investment advisors may affect DME Advisors ability to manage SILP or affect our business reputation. 
 
 The regulatory environment for investment managers is evolving, and changes in the regulation of managers may adversely affect the ability of DME Advisors to obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its trading strategies. In addition, the securities and futures markets are subject to comprehensive statutes, regulations, and margin requirements. The SEC, other regulators, and self-regulatory organizations and exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary actions in the event of market emergencies. The regulation of derivatives transactions and funds that engage in such transactions is an evolving area of law and is subject to modification by government and judicial action. Any future regulatory change could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We and SILP are exposed to credit risk from counterparties that may default on their obligations to us. 
 
 We and SILP are exposed to credit risk from counterparties that may default on their obligations to us or it. The amount of the maximum exposure to credit risk is indicated by the carrying value of our and SILP s financial assets. In addition, SILP holds the securities of our investment portfolio with prime brokers and has credit risk from the possibility that one or more of them may default on their obligations to SILP. Other than our investment in derivative contracts and corporate debt, if any, and the fact that our investments are held by prime brokers and custodians on our behalf, we have no other significant concentrations of credit risk in our investment portfolio. 
 
 Issuers or borrowers whose securities or debt SILP holds, customers, reinsurers, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, and other financial intermediaries and guarantors may default on their obligations to us and/or SILP due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. Such defaults could have a significant and negative effect on us and/or SILP and, correspondingly, our investment portfolio and our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 SILP effectuates short sales that subject our capital accounts to material and adverse loss potential. 
 
 SILP enters into transactions in which it sells a security it does not own, which we refer to as a short sale, in anticipation 
 of a decline in the market value of the security. Short sales subject our capital accounts in SILP to material and adverse loss potential since the market price of securities sold short may continuously increase. 
 
 Short-sale transactions have been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny, including the imposition of restrictions on 
 37 

Link to Table of Contents 

 short selling certain securities and reporting requirements. SILP s ability to execute a short selling strategy may be materially and adversely impacted by new temporary and/or permanent rules, interpretations, prohibitions, and restrictions adopted in response to these adverse market events. Temporary restrictions and/or prohibitions on short selling activity may be imposed by regulatory authorities with little or no advance notice and may impact prior and future trading activities of our investment portfolio. Additionally, the SEC, its non-U.S. counterparts, other governmental authorities, and/or self-regulatory organizations may at any time promulgate permanent rules or interpretations consistent with such temporary restrictions or that impose additional or different permanent or temporary limitations or prohibitions. 
 
 Further, regulatory authorities may, from time to time, impose restrictions that adversely affect SILP s ability to borrow certain securities in connection with short sale transactions. As a result, SILP may be unable to effectively pursue a short-selling strategy which may adversely affect SILP s investment returns, and correspondingly, our investment returns. 
 
 SILP may trade on margin and use other forms of financial leverage, which may increase the risk of our investment portfolio. 
 
 Our investment guidelines allow SILP to trade on margin and use other forms of financial leverage. SILP relies on prime 
 brokers to extend leverage and such prime brokers may elect not to provide leverage to SILP. Fluctuations in the market value of our investment in SILP could have a disproportionately large effect in relation to our capital. Any event which may adversely affect the value of positions SILP holds could materially and adversely affect the net asset value of our investment portfolio and our results of operations. 
 
 SILP may transact in derivatives trading, which may increase the risks associated with our investment portfolio. 
 
 Derivative instruments, or derivatives, include futures, options, swaps, structured securities, and other instruments and contracts that derive their value from one or more underlying securities, financial benchmarks, currencies, commodities, or indices. There are a number of risks associated with derivatives trading. Because many derivatives are leveraged, a relatively small adverse market movement may result in a substantial loss and may expose us to a loss exceeding the original amount invested. Derivatives may also expose SILP, and correspondingly, our investment portfolio, to liquidity risk as there may not be a liquid market within which to close or dispose of outstanding derivative contracts. The counterparty risk lies with each party with whom SILP contracts for the purpose of making derivative investments. In the event of the counterparty s default, SILP will generally only rank as an unsecured creditor and risk the loss of all or a portion of the amounts SILP is contractually entitled to receive. 
 
 SILP may invest in securities based outside the United States, which may be riskier than securities of United States issuers. 
 
 Under our investment guidelines, SILP may invest in securities of issuers organized or based outside the United States. These investments may be subject to a variety of risks and other special considerations not affecting securities of U.S. issuers. Many foreign securities markets are not as developed or efficient as those in the United States. Securities of some foreign issuers are less liquid and more volatile than securities of comparable U.S. issuers. Similarly, volume and liquidity in many foreign securities markets are less than in the United States and, at times, price volatility can be greater than in the United States. Non-U.S. issuers may be subject to less stringent financial reporting and informational disclosure standards, regulatory oversight, practices, and requirements than those applicable to U.S. issuers. 

Risks Relating to Our Innovations Strategy 
 
 The carry values of our Innovations investments may differ significantly from those that would be used if we carried these investments at fair value. 
 
 Our Innovations investments include private investments and unlisted equities in early-stage or start-up entities for which no active market may exist. We carry these investments on our consolidated balance sheets at cost, less impairment, plus or minus observable price changes. These carry values may differ significantly from those that would be used if we carried them at fair value. If we were required to liquidate all or a portion of these investments quickly, we could realize significantly less than the carrying value. Furthermore, our Innovations investments are generally subject to restrictions on redemptions and sales that limit our ability to liquidate these investments in the short term. The carry value of our Innovations investments may become concentrated in a limited number of entities or have significant exposure to certain geographic areas or economic sectors. The concentration of investments can increase investment risk and volatility. Any of the foregoing could result in a decline in our investment performance and capital resources and, accordingly, could materially and adversely affect our financial results and results of operations. 
 
 38 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Our Innovations investments support our underwriting operations and the failure to identify and consummate investment opportunities may materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 We operate in a competitive market for Innovations investment opportunities. Many of our competitors have considerably greater resources than we do. If we fail to compete for or otherwise lose the opportunity to make Innovations investments, which support our underwriting strategy, our ability to implement our business strategy may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 Investments in privately held early-stage companies involve significant risks. 
 
 Our Innovations unit primarily invests in privately held U.S. early-stage companies. Investments in privately held early-stage companies involve a number of significant risks, including the following: 
 
 these companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their operating obligations; 
 they typically have limited operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 
 they typically depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons. Therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse effect on such investment and, in turn, on us; 
 there is generally little public information about these companies. These companies and their financial information are generally not subject to the Exchange Act and other regulations that govern public companies, and we may be unable to uncover all material information about these companies, which may prevent us from making a fully informed investment decision and cause us to lose money on our investments; 
 they generally have less predictable operating results and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; 
 changes in laws and regulations (including applicable tax laws), as well as their interpretations, may adversely affect their business, financial structure or prospects; and 
 they may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs. 
 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our Innovations investment and harm our operating results. 
 
 The current macroeconomic environment is characterized by record-high inflation, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, volatility in global capital markets and growing recession risk. The risks associated with our Innovations investments and the businesses of the entities in which we have invested are more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession. 
 
 Many of our Innovations investments may be susceptible to economic downturns or recessions. Therefore, during these periods the carry values of our Innovations portfolio may decrease if we are required to write down the values of our investments. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of our investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our Innovations portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. 
 
 Our Innovations investments are made in entities that may incur debt or issue equity securities that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 
 Our Innovations investments are made in entities that have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt, or issue other equity securities, that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments. By their terms, such instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of our investments. These debt instruments would usually prohibit the investments from paying interest on or repaying our investments in the event and during the continuance of a default under such debt. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of an entity, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment typically are entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying such holders, the entity may not have any remaining assets for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of securities ranking equally with our investments, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other security holders in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant entity. 
 
 As a minority equity investor, we are often not in a position to influence the entity, and other equity holders and management of such entity may make decisions that could decrease the value of our investment in such entity. 
 
 39 

Link to Table of Contents 

 When we make a minority equity investment through our Innovations unit, we are subject to the risk that an entity may make business decisions with which we disagree. The other equity holders and management of the entity may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests. As a result, an entity may make decisions that could decrease the value of our investment. 
 
 Our Innovations investments are in entities that may be highly leveraged. 
 
 Some of our Innovations investments are made in entities that may be highly leveraged, which may have adverse consequences for those companies and for us as a shareholder. The entity may be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and their leverage may impair the ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, such entity s flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities may be limited. 
 
 Our failure to make follow-on investments in our existing Innovations investments could impair the value of our 
 portfolio. 
 
 Following an initial investment in an entity, we may make additional investments in the entity as follow-on investments to: (1) increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; (2) exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that we acquired in the original or subsequent financing or (3) attempt to preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 
 
 We may elect not to make follow-on investments, be constrained in our ability to employ available funds, or otherwise lack sufficient funds to make those investments. We have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of an entity, dilute our investment, or result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a follow-on investment, we may elect not to make it because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, we prefer other opportunities, or we are constrained under the Investment Company Act. See Risks Relating to Insurance and Other Regulations We are subject to the risk of possibly becoming and investment company under U.S. federal securities laws . 

Risks Relating to Our Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on our ability to manage and deploy capital. 
 
 Our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on our ability to manage and deploy capital, which depends, in 
 turn, on our management s ability, with oversight from our Board of Directors, to identity, evaluate and monitor our 
 underwriting and investment results, our liquidity and competing needs for capital. We cannot assure you that our management 
 and deployment of capital will enable us to achieve our business objectives, and our failure to effectively manage and deploy 
 our capital could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our level of debt may have an adverse impact on our liquidity, restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to business opportunities, and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 
 At March 1, 2023, we had 65.8 million of convertible notes outstanding (December 31, 2022: 79.6 million) that mature on August 1, 2023. Our level of debt and the provisions of such debt could have significant consequences, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general corporate purposes; 
 require a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes; 
 discourage an acquisition of us by a third party; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors carrying less debt; and 
 make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures or take advantage of new opportunities to grow our business. 
 40 

Link to Table of Contents 

We may refinance some or all of our indebtedness by issuing new debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all. Such securities offerings may dilute our existing shareholders, reduce the value of our Class A ordinary shares, or both. Because our decision to issue securities depends on, among other things, market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future offerings. Thus, holders of our Class A ordinary shares bear the risk of our future offerings diluting and potentially reducing the value of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Conversion of our convertible notes or future sales or issuances of Class A ordinary shares may dilute the ownership interest of existing shareholders, including holders who have previously converted their notes. Such dilution may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares,and the convertible notes and the conversion rate of the convertible notes may not be adjusted for all dilutive events. 
 
 We may issue equity or debt securities in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy, to acquire assets or companies, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, or in connection with our incentive and stock option plans. Any issuance of equity securities, including the issuance of shares, if any, upon conversion of the convertible notes, could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders, including holders who have previously received shares upon conversion of their notes, and could substantially affect the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares and the convertible notes. In addition, conversion of our convertible notes into our Class A ordinary shares could depress the price of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 We may not be able to repay or refinance our convertible notes, pay interest on the convertible notes, or settle conversions of the convertible notes in cash or to repurchase the convertible notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt, if any, may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the convertible notes. 
 
 Our convertible notes mature in August 2023. Further, holders of our convertible notes have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their notes for cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change under the indenture governing the convertible notes. In addition, upon conversion of the convertible notes, unless we elect to deliver solely Class A ordinary shares to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the convertible notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, if at all, at the time we are required to make repurchases of convertible notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to the convertible notes being converted. 
 
 In addition, our ability to make the required repurchase upon a fundamental change may be limited by law or the terms of other debt agreements or securities. Our failure to pay interest on the convertible notes or to make the required cash repurchase or cash payment, as the case may be, would constitute an event of default under the indenture governing the convertible notes which, in turn, could constitute an event of default under other debt agreements or securities, thereby resulting in their acceleration and required prepayment and thereby further restricting our ability to make such interest payments and repurchases. If, due to a default, the repayment of related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and the convertible notes. We may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell important strategic assets at unfavorable prices, incur additional indebtedness or issue ordinary shares or other equity securities, which we may be unable to do on terms acceptable to us, in amounts sufficient to meet our needs or at all. 
 
 A shareholder may be required to sell its Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Our Articles provide that we have the option, but not the obligation, to require a shareholder to sell its Class A ordinary shares for their fair market value to us, to other shareholders or to third parties if our Board of Directors determines that ownership of our Class A ordinary shares by such shareholder may result in adverse tax, regulatory or legal consequences to us, any of our subsidiaries or any of our shareholders and that such sale is necessary to avoid or cure such adverse consequences. 
 
 Provisions of our Articles, the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and our corporate structure may each impede a takeover, which could adversely affect the value of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Our Articles contain certain provisions that could make it difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders. Our Articles provide that a director may only be removed for cause as defined in the Articles, upon the affirmative vote of not less than 50 of the votes cast at a meeting at which more than 50 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares are represented. Further, under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Greenlight Re, a director may only be removed without cause upon the affirmative vote of not less than 80 of the votes cast at a meeting at which more than 50 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares are represented. 
 41 

Link to Table of Contents 

Our Articles permit our Board of Directors to issue preferred shares from time to time, with such rights and preferences as they consider appropriate. Our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred shares with terms and conditions and under circumstances that could have an effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction, deny shareholders the receipt of a premium on their Class A ordinary shares in the event of a tender or other offer for Class A ordinary shares and have a depressive effect on the market price of the Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 As compared to mergers under corporate law in the United States, it may be more difficult to consummate a merger of two or more companies in the Cayman Islands or the merger of one or more Cayman Islands companies with one or more overseas companies, even if such transaction would be beneficial to our shareholders. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands 
 companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that 
 is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 
 
 Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must 
 approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or 
 consolidation must then be authorized by: (a) a special resolution of the shareholders of each company; and (b) such other 
 authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is 
 required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that holds issued shares that together represent 90 of the 
 votes at a general meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company if a copy of the plan of merger is given to 
 every member of each subsidiary company to be merged unless that member agrees otherwise. The consent of each holder of a 
 fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the 
 Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other 
 formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 
 
 Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the 
 foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, 
 having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the following requirements have been met: (i) that the merger or 
 consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the 
 jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional 
 documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains 
 outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no 
 receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the 
 foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar 
 arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and 
 continue to be suspended or restricted. 
 
 Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the following requirements have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign 
 jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or 
 consolidation. 
 
 The Companies Act also includes statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and amalgamation of companies, 
 provided that such a scheme of arrangement is approved by (i) in respect of shareholders, 75 in value of the shareholders or 
 each class of shareholder who attend and vote, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting or meetings convened for that purpose; 
 or (ii) in respect of creditors, a majority in number representing 75 in value of creditors or each class of creditors who attend 
 and vote, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting or meetings convened for that purpose. 
 
 The convening of the scheme meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand 
 Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the court the view that the transaction 
 ought not to be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it determines that: 
 42 

Link to Table of Contents 

 the company is not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question and the classes properly delineated; the scheme of arrangement is such as a businessperson would reasonably approve; and the scheme of arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority . 
 If a scheme of arrangement is thus approved, the dissenting shareholders would have no rights comparable to appraisal 
 rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of a Delaware corporation. 
 
 In addition, David Einhorn, Chairman of our Board of Directors, owns all of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares. As a result, we will not be able to enter into a scheme of arrangement without the approval of Mr. Einhorn as the holder of our Class B ordinary shares. 
 
 Holders of Class A ordinary shares may have difficulty obtaining or enforcing a judgment against us, and they may face difficulties in protecting their interests because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law. 
 
 We are an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and conduct a majority of our operations outside the United States. A significant amount of our assets are located outside the United States. A majority of our officers and directors reside outside the United States and substantial portion of the assets of those persons are located outside of the United States. As a result, it could be difficult or impossible for you to bring an action against us or against these individuals outside of the United States in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed upon under the applicable securities laws or otherwise. Even if you are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands could render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. 
 
 Our corporate affairs are governed by our Articles, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The 
 rights of shareholders to take legal action against our directors and us, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary 
 responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the 
 Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as 
 well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under the laws of the Cayman Islands are not as clearly defined as under statutes or judicial precedent in existence in jurisdictions in the United States. Therefore, you may have more difficulty protecting your interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States, due to the comparatively less well developed Cayman Islands law in this area. 
 
 Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies such as ours have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders. Our directors have discretion under our Articles to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 
 
 The courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United 
 States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in 
 original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of 
 the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in 
 nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the 
 United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of 
 competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes 
 upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. 
 For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated 
 sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the 
 same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 
 We are not aware nor have we been advised of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. 
 43 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the 
 availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, 
 and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both 
 on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be 
 applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 
 
 a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 
 A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been 
 infringed or are about to be infringed. 
 
 Subject to limited exceptions, under Cayman Islands law, a minority shareholder may not bring a derivative action 
 against our Board of Directors. 
 
 Provisions of our Articles may reallocate the voting power of our Class A ordinary shares and subject holders of Class A ordinary shares to SEC compliance. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the total voting power of our Class A ordinary shares held by any one person will be reduced to less than 9.9 of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares, and the total voting power of the Class B ordinary shares will be reduced to 9.5 of the total voting power of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In the event a holder of our Class A ordinary shares acquires shares representing 9.9 or more of the total voting power of our total ordinary shares or the Class B ordinary shares represent more than 9.5 of the total voting power of our total outstanding shares, there will be an effective reallocation of the voting power of the Class A ordinary shares or Class B ordinary shares which may cause a shareholder to acquire 5 or more of the voting power of the total ordinary shares. 
 
 Such a shareholder may become subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of Sections 13(d) and (g) of the Exchange Act. Such a reallocation also may result in an obligation to amend previous filings made under Section 13(d) or (g) of the Exchange Act. Under our Articles, we have no obligation to notify shareholders of any adjustments to their voting power. Shareholders should consult their own legal counsel regarding the possible reporting requirements under Section 13 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, David Einhorn owned 18.0 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares, which given that each Class B share is entitled to ten votes, causes him to exceed the 9.5 limitation imposed on the total voting power of the Class B ordinary shares. Thus, the voting power held by the Class B ordinary shares that is in excess of the 9.5 limitation will be reallocated pro-rata to holders of Class A ordinary shares according to their percentage interest in the Company. However, no shareholder will be allocated voting rights that would cause it to have 9.9 or more of the total voting power of our ordinary shares. The allocation of the voting power of the Class B ordinary shares to a holder of Class A ordinary shares will depend upon the total voting power of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding, as well as the percentage of Class A ordinary shares held by a shareholder and the other holders of Class A ordinary shares. Accordingly, we cannot estimate with precision what multiple of a vote per share a holder of Class A ordinary shares will be allocated as a result of the anticipated reallocation of voting power of the Class B ordinary shares. 
 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common shares. 
 
 We do not intend to declare and pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares for the foreseeable future. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your Class A ordinary shares for the foreseeable future. The success of an investment in our Class A ordinary shares will depend upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that our Class A ordinary shares will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our shareholders have purchased their shares. 
 
 In the event that we did declare a dividend, such dividends and other distributions on issued and outstanding ordinary 
 shares may only be paid out of the funds of the Company lawfully available for such purpose. Dividends and other distributions 
 will be distributed among the holders of our Class A ordinary shares on a pro rata basis 
 44 

Link to Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Taxation 
 
 We may become subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands, which would negatively affect our results. 
 
 Under current Cayman Islands law, we are not obligated to pay any taxes in the Cayman Islands on either income or capital gains. The Governor-in-Cabinet of Cayman Islands has granted us an exemption from the imposition of any such tax on us until February 1, 2025. We cannot be assured that after such date we would not be subject to any such tax. If we were to become subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re and/or GRIL may be subject to United States federal income taxation. 
 
 Greenlight Capital Re and Greenlight Re are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and GRIL is incorporated under the laws of Ireland. These entities intend to operate in a manner that will not cause us to be treated as engaging in a trade or business within the United States and will not cause us to be subject to current United States federal income taxation on Greenlight Capital Re s, Greenlight Re s and/or GRIL s net income. However, because there are no definitive standards provided by the Internal Revenue Code, regulations or court decisions as to the specific activities that constitute being engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within the United States, and as any such determination is essentially factual in nature, we cannot provide assurance that the United States Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), will not successfully assert that Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re and/or GRIL are engaged in a trade or business within the United States. If the IRS were to successfully assert that Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re, and/or GRIL have been engaged in a trade or business within the United States in any taxable year, various adverse tax consequences could result, including the following: Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re and/or GRIL may become subject to current United States federal income taxation on its net income from sources within the United States; Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re and/or GRIL may be subject to United States federal income tax on a portion of its net investment income, regardless of its source; Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re, and/or GRIL may not be entitled to deduct certain expenses that would otherwise be deductible from the income subject to United States taxation; and Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re and/or GRIL may be subject to United States branch profits tax on profits deemed to have been distributed out of the United States. 
 
 United States persons who own Class A ordinary shares may be subject to United States federal income taxation on our undistributed earnings and may recognize ordinary income upon disposition of Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 Passive Foreign Investment Company. Significant potential adverse United States federal income tax consequences , including certain reporting requirements, generally apply to any United States person who owns shares in a passive foreign investment company, or a PFIC . We do not expect that any of Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re, or GRIL will be a PFIC for the current taxable year. However, we cannot provide assurance that none of Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re, or GRIL will be a PFIC for the current taxable year or any future taxable year. 
 
 In general, any of Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re or GRIL would be a PFIC for a taxable year if either (i) 75 or more of its income constitutes passive income or (ii) 50 or more of its assets produce passive income , or are held for the production of passive income. Passive income generally includes interest, dividends and other investment income. However, under an active insurance exception, income is not treated as passive if it is derived in the active conduct of an insurance business by a qualifying insurance corporation. A qualifying insurance corporation is an insurance company which has applicable insurance liabilities, as reported on its annual financial statement, exceeding 25 of its total assets. Applicable insurance liabilities means, with respect to our property and casualty reinsurance business, reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses, and excluding unearned premium reserves. 
 
 The exception for insurance companies is intended to ensure that a qualifying insurance entity s income is not treated as passive income, except to the extent such income is attributable to financial reserves in excess of the reasonable needs of the insurance business. We intend to operate our business with financial reserves and applicable insurance liabilities at levels that should not cause us to be deemed PFICs, although we cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in structuring our operations to meet such levels nor can we ensure that the IRS will not successfully challenge our status. If we are unable to underwrite sufficient amount of risks and maintain a sufficient amount of applicable insurance liabilities, any of Greenlight Capital Re, Greenlight Re or GRIL may become a PFIC. 
 
 In addition, sufficient risk must be transferred under an insurance entity s contracts with its insureds in order to qualify for the insurance exception. Whether our insurance contracts possess adequate risk transfer for purposes of determining whether income under our contracts is insurance income, and whether we are predominantly engaged in an insurance business, are subjective in nature and there is little authoritative tax guidance on these issues. We cannot provide assurance that the IRS will 
 45 

Link to Table of Contents 

 not successfully challenge our interpretation of the scope of the active insurance company exception and our qualification for the exception. Further, the IRS may issue regulatory or other guidance that causes us to fail to qualify for the active insurance company exception on a prospective or retroactive basis. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that we will satisfy the exception for insurance companies and will not be treated as PFICs currently or in the future. 
 
 Controlled Foreign Corporation. United States persons who, directly or indirectly or through attribution rules, own 10 or more of the total combined voting power or value of our shares, which we refer to as United States 10 shareholders, may be subject to the controlled foreign corporation, or CFC, rules. Under the CFC rules, each United States 10 shareholder must annually include their pro-rata share of the CFC s subpart F income and global intangible low-tax income in their gross income in the year earned by the CFC, even if no distributions are made. In general, a foreign insurance company will be treated as a CFC only if during the taxable year United States 10 shareholders collectively own more than 25 of the total combined voting power or total value of the entity s shares. We believe that the dispersion of our Class A ordinary shares among holders and the restrictions placed on transfer, issuance or repurchase of our Class A ordinary shares , will in most cases prevent shareholders who acquire Class A ordinary shares from being United States 10 shareholders. We cannot provide assurance, however, that these rules will not apply to you if you are or become a United States 10 shareholder. In particular, recent changes to the definition of a United States 10 Shareholder, whereby both vote and value are tested, and recent changes to the constructive ownership rules, whereby shares owned by non-United States persons can be attributed to United States persons, may increase the likelihood of these rules applying. If you are a United States person, we strongly urge you to consult your own tax advisor concerning the CFC rules. 
 
 Related Person Insurance Income. If: 
 our gross income attributable to insurance or reinsurance policies where the direct or indirect insureds are our direct or indirect United States shareholders or persons related to such United States shareholders equals or exceeds 20 of our gross insurance income in any taxable year; and direct or indirect insureds and persons related to such insureds owned directly or indirectly 20 or more of the voting power or value of our stock, 
 
 a United States person who owns Class A ordinary shares directly or indirectly on the last day of the taxable year would most likely be required to include their pro-rata share of our related person insurance income for the taxable year in their income. This amount would be determined as if such related person insurance income were distributed proportionally to United States persons at that date. We do not expect that we will knowingly enter into reinsurance agreements in which, in the aggregate, the direct or indirect insureds are, or are related to, owners of 20 or more of the Class A ordinary shares. We do not believe that the 20 gross insurance income threshold will be met. However, we cannot provide assurance that this is or will continue to be the case. Consequently, we cannot provide assurance that a person who is a direct or indirect United States shareholder will not be required to include amounts in its income in respect of related person insurance income in any taxable year. 
 
 If a United States shareholder is treated as disposing of shares in a foreign insurance corporation that has related person insurance income and in which United States persons own 25 or more of the voting power or value of the entity s shares, any gain from the disposition will generally be treated as a dividend to the extent of the United States shareholder s portion of the corporation s undistributed earnings and profits that were accumulated during the period that the United States shareholder owned the shares. In addition, the shareholder will be required to comply with certain reporting requirements, regardless of the amount of shares owned by the direct or indirect United States shareholder. Although not free from doubt, we believe these rules should not apply to dispositions of Class A ordinary shares because Greenlight Capital Re is not directly engaged in the insurance business and because proposed United States Treasury regulations applicable to this situation appear to apply only in the case of shares of corporations that are directly engaged in the insurance business. We cannot provide assurance, however, that the IRS will interpret the proposed regulations in this manner or that the proposed regulations will not be promulgated in final form in a manner that would cause these rules to apply to dispositions of Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 United States tax-exempt organizations who own Class A ordinary shares may recognize unrelated business taxable income. 
 
 If you are a United States tax-exempt organization you may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our subpart F insurance income is allocated to you. In general, subpart F insurance income will be allocated to you if we are a CFC as discussed above and you are a United States 10 shareholder or there is related person insurance income and certain exceptions do not apply. Although we do not believe that any United States persons will be allocated subpart F insurance income, we cannot provide assurance that this will be the case. If you are a United States tax-exempt organization, we advise you to consult your own tax advisor regarding the risk of recognizing unrelated business taxable income. 
 
 46 

Link to Table of Contents 

 The TCJA may cause us to undertake changes to the manner in which we conduct our business and could subject United States persons who own Class A ordinary shares to United States income taxation on our undistributed earnings. 
 On December 22, 2017, the TCJA was signed into law. The TCJA provides a bright-line test that a non-U.S. insurance company only will receive the benefit, for passive foreign investment company purposes, of being engaged in the active conduct of an insurance business if its applicable insurance liabilities constitute more than 25 of its total assets. For this purpose, the term applicable insurance liabilities does not include unearned premium reserves. One of the TCJA s potential impacts is that this limitation could result in the treatment of offshore insurers or reinsurers that write business on a low frequency/high severity basis, such as property catastrophe companies and financial guaranty companies, as PFICs, as significant reserves for losses may not be recorded until a catastrophic event actually occurs. Accordingly, subject to any future corrections or clarifications that may be made to the TCJA, or any additional regulations that may be promulgated thereunder, the Company will be treated as a PFIC for any taxable year in which it does not meet the bright-line applicable insurance liabilities requirement of the TCJA. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company met the bright-line applicable insurance liabilities test. However, there is still substantial uncertainty regarding the application of the test. The Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to meet the bright-line applicable insurance liabilities test in future periods. In the event that the Company cannot meet this test, shareholders that are United States persons will be subject to United States income taxation on the Company s undistributed earnings. 
 
 Further changes in United States tax regulations and laws including the rules regarding passive foreign investment companies could have a material impact on our ability to qualify for the insurance company exemption and/or change our status for United States persons who own Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 The IRS or Congress may issue additional regulations or legislation regarding the applicable insurance liabilities bright-line test of the passive foreign investment company PFIC rules or other aspects of the PFIC rules applicable to foreign insurance companies. On December 4, 2020, the IRS issued proposed regulations (the 2020 Proposed Regulations and final regulations (the 2020 Final Regulations that would provide additional guidance and requirements regarding the exclusion from the definition of passive income for income derived in the active conduct of an insurance business by a qualified insurance corporation QIC and the application of certain look-through rules with respect to assets held, and income earned, through subsidiaries. 
 
 Under the 2020 Proposed Regulations, a QIC is in the active conduct of an insurance business only if it satisfies either a factual requirements test or an active conduct percentage test. The factual requirements test requires that the officers and employees of the QIC carry out substantial managerial and operational activities on a regular and continuous basis with respect to its core functions and that they perform virtually all of the active decision-making functions relevant to underwriting functions. The active conduct percentage test generally requires that (i) the total costs incurred by the QIC with respect to its officers and employees for services rendered with respect to its core functions (other than investment activities) equal or exceed 50 percent of total costs incurred by the QIC with respect to its officers and employees and any other person or entities for services rendered with respect to its core functions (other than investment activities) and (ii) to the extent the QIC outsources any part of its core functions to unrelated entities, officers and employees of the QIC with experience and relevant expertise must select and supervise the person that performs the outsourced functions, establish objectives for performance of the outsourced functions and prescribe rigorous guidelines relating to the outsourced functions which are routinely evaluated and updated. Under certain exceptions, however, a QIC (a) that has no or only a nominal number of employees or (b) that is a vehicle that (x) has the effect of securitizing or collateralizing insurance risks underwritten by other insurance or reinsurance companies or (y) is an insurance linked securities fund that invests in securitization vehicles, is deemed not engaged in the active conduct of an insurance business. A QIC s officers and employees include those of certain affiliates for these purposes. The 2020 Final Regulations contain guidance on the treatment of the assets and income of certain look-through subsidiaries of a QIC, among other provisions related to QICs and PFICs. 
 
 We currently expect that the Company would not be a PFIC for the 2023 taxable year under the rules described above, were they effective for such year. However, the rules are subject to varying interpretations and are highly dependent on the facts and circumstances, which may change from year to year or within a year. We can offer no assurance whether, in what form or when the 2020 Proposed Regulations could be adopted. We also can offer no assurance as to the potential impact of the 2020 Proposed Regulations or the 2020 Final Regulations for the Company in any year. 
 
 We are monitoring developments with respect to both the applicable insurance liabilities test and the IRS regulations. At this time, we cannot predict whether or what, if any, additional regulations will be adopted or additional legislation will be enacted. If regulations are adopted or legislation enacted that cause us to fail to meet the requirements of the insurance company 
 47 

Link to Table of Contents 

 exception, or if we fail to meet the applicable insurance liabilities test such failure could have a material adverse effect on the taxation of our shareholders who are U.S. persons. In that event we may undertake further changes to the manner in which we conduct our business, which also could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The tax laws and interpretations regarding whether an entity is engaged in a United States trade or business, is a CFC, has related party insurance income or is a PFIC are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. New regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying such rules may be forthcoming from the IRS. We are not able to predict if, when or in what form such guidance will be provided and whether such guidance will have a retroactive effect. 
 
 The TCJA may have a detrimental effect on the Company and its assets. 
 
 The regulatory and tax environment globally is evolving, and changes in the regulation or taxation of the Company and its assets may materially adversely shareholders. The TCJA among other things, made significant changes to the rules applicable to the taxation of the Company and its assets, such as changing the rules applicable to active insurance income for passive foreign investment company purposes (discussed above), changing rules applicable to controlled foreign investment company purposes, new base erosion rules, changing the general corporate tax rate to a flat 21 rate, modifying the rules regarding limitations on certain deductions, introducing a capital investment deduction in certain circumstances, placing certain limitations on the interest deduction, modifying the rules regarding the usability of certain net operating losses, and the migration from a worldwide system of taxation to a modified territorial system. At this time the ultimate outcome of the legislation on the Company and its shareholders is uncertain and could be adverse. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding potential changes in tax laws. 
 
 If investments held by GRIL are determined not to be integral to the reinsurance business carried on by GRIL, additional Irish tax could be imposed and our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Based on administrative practice, taxable income derived from investments made by GRIL is generally taxed in Ireland at the rate of 12.5 on the grounds that such investments either form part of the permanent capital required by regulatory authorities, or are otherwise integral to the reinsurance business carried on by GRIL. GRIL intends to operate in such a manner so that the level of investments held by GRIL does not exceed the amount that is integral to the reinsurance businesses carried on by GRIL. If, however, investment income earned by GRIL exceeds these thresholds or if the administrative practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners changes, Irish corporation tax could apply to such investment income at a higher rate (currently 25 instead of the general 12.5 rate, and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The impact of the initiative of the OECD and the EU to eliminate harmful tax practices is uncertain and could adversely affect our tax status in the Cayman Islands where we are exempt from income taxes. 
 
 The OECD has published reports and launched a global dialogue among member and non-member countries on measures to limit harmful tax competition. These measures are largely directed at counteracting the effects of tax neutral jurisdictions and preferential tax regimes in countries around the world. While the Cayman Islands is currently on the list of jurisdictions that have substantially implemented the internationally agreed tax standard, we are not able to predict if additional requirements will be imposed, and if so, whether changes arising from such additional requirements will subject us to additional taxes. The Cayman Islands economic substance legislation had already been evaluated in June 2019 by the OECD s Forum on Harmful Tax Practices as not harmful , which is the highest rating possible. There are no immediate regulatory, tax, trade or other legal impacts to the Company, but we are not able to predict any future EU actions and whether the EU will deem the newly enacted laws to be compliant with its requirements in order to remove the Cayman Islands from Annex 1. 
 
 On October 8, 2021, the OECD announced an accord endorsing and providing an implementation plan for a global minimum tax rate of at least 15 for large multinational corporations on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, known as the two pillar plan. The global minimum tax rate would apply to overseas profits of multinational firms with annual revenue of more than 750 million. While the implementation of the accord is uncertain and the minimum tax is not expected to apply to the Company as currently proposed, adjustments to the threshold could impact the Company in future periods. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 48 

Link to Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We currently occupy our office space in Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands under an operating lease arrangement which expires in 2026. Additionally, we have an operating lease agreement for office space in Dublin, Ireland which expires in 2031, but provides us an option to terminate the lease in 2026 without any penalty. We believe that for the foreseeable future the office spaces in the Cayman Islands and Ireland will be sufficient for conducting our operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, in the normal course of business, we may be involved in formal and informal dispute resolution procedures, which may include arbitration or litigation, the outcomes of which determine our rights and obligations under our reinsurance contracts and other contractual agreements. In some disputes, we may seek to enforce our rights under an agreement or to collect funds owing to us. In other matters, we may resist attempts by others to collect funds or enforce alleged rights. While the final outcome of legal disputes cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that any of our existing contractual disputes, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information and number of holders 
 
 Our Class A ordinary shares began publicly trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 24, 2007, under the symbol GLRE. 
 
 At March 3, 2023, the number of holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares was approximately 54, not including beneficial owners of shares registered in nominee or street name who represent approximately 91.7 of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 
 
 Since inception, we have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares or Class B ordinary shares, or collectively, our ordinary shares. 
 
 Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of our Articles and the Companies Law. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, the holders of ordinary shares are entitled to share equally and ratably in our assets, if any remain after the payment of all of our debts and liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred shares. 
 
 We currently do not intend to declare and pay dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. Our Board of Directors would only approve a dividend after taking into account our capital and liquidity position. In addition, a letter of credit facility prohibits us from paying dividends during an event of default as defined in the letter of credit agreement. Our future dividend policy will also depend on the requirements of any future financing agreements to which we may be a party and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors, such as our results of operations and cash flows, our financial position, and capital requirements, general business conditions, rating agency guidelines, legal, tax, regulatory and any contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends. Further, any future declaration and payment of dividends are discretionary, and our Board of Directors may, at any time, modify or revoke our dividend policy on our ordinary shares. Finally, our ability to pay dividends also depends on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. Although Greenlight Capital Re is not subject to any significant legal prohibitions on the payment of dividends, Greenlight Re and GRIL are subject to regulatory constraints that affect their ability to pay dividends and include minimum net worth requirements. At December 31, 2022, Greenlight Re and GRIL both exceeded the minimum statutory capital requirements. Any dividends we pay will be declared and paid in U.S. dollars. 
 
 49 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 
 Presented below is a line graph comparing the yearly change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our Class A ordinary shares for the five year period commencing December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 against the total return index for the Russell 2000 Index, or RUT, and the S P 500 Property Casualty Insurance Index, or S P Insurance Index, for the same period. The performance graph assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in the ordinary shares of Greenlight Capital Re, the RUT and the S P Insurance Index. The performance graph also assumes that all dividends are reinvested. 

The performance reflected in the graph above is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 
 This graph is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference in any filing by us under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted a share repurchase plan authorizing the Company to repurchase Class A ordinary shares. From time to time, the repurchase plan has been re-approved or modified at the election of our Board of Directors. The previous plan expired on June 30, 2022. On April 26, 2022, the Board of Directors re-approved the share repurchase plan effective from July 1, 2022, until June 30, 2023, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 25.0 million of Class A ordinary shares or securities convertible into Class A ordinary shares in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or Rule 10b5-1 stock trading plans. 
 
 The Company is not required to repurchase any Class A ordinary shares and the repurchase plan may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. 
 
 There were no share repurchases made under the plan during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 50 

Link to Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 References to we, us, our, our company, or the Company refer to Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. GLRE and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd, Greenlight Re ), Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, Designated Activity Company GRIL ), Greenlight Re Marketing (UK) Limited Greenlight Re UK ), and Verdant Holding Company, Ltd. Verdant ), and Greenlight Innovation Syndicate 3456 Syndicate 3456 ), unless the context dictates otherwise. References to our Ordinary Shares refer collectively to our Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which appear elsewhere in this filing. 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and financial condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We have omitted discussion of the earliest of the three years covered by our consolidated financial statements presented in this report because we included that disclosure in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2022. You are encouraged to reference Part II, Item 7, within that report, for a discussion of our financial condition and result of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

General 
 
 We are a global specialty property and casualty reinsurer headquartered in the Cayman Islands, with a reinsurance and investment strategy that we believe differentiates us from most of our competitors. Our goal is to build long-term shareholder value by providing risk management solutions to the insurance, reinsurance, and other risk marketplaces. We focus on delivering risk solutions to clients and brokers who value our expertise, analytics, and customer service offerings. 
 
 We aim to complement our underwriting activities with a non-traditional investment approach designed to achieve higher rates of return over the long term than reinsurance companies that exclusively employ more traditional investment strategies. Our investment portfolio is managed according to a value-oriented philosophy, in which our investment advisor takes long positions in perceived undervalued securities and short positions in perceived overvalued securities. 
 
 Through Greenlight Re Innovations, we support technology innovators in the (re)insurance market by providing investment capital, risk capacity, and access to a broad insurance network. 
 
 Because we seek to capitalize on favorable market conditions and opportunities, period-to-period comparisons of our underwriting results may not be meaningful. Also, our historical investment results are not necessarily indicative of future performance. Due to the nature of our reinsurance and investment strategies, our operating results will likely fluctuate from period to period. 
 
 The Company s subsidiaries hold an A.M. Best Financial Strength Rating of A- (Excellent) with a stable outlook. 

Outlook and Trends 
 
 We operate in a business where we expect volatility in our underwriting results. Hurricane Ian, which struck the southeast U.S. in September 2022, is likely to prove one of the costliest natural disasters ever in terms of insured losses. This storm, the Russian-Ukraine conflict, and several smaller events have combined to make 2022 another challenging year for companies that participate in the global reinsurance market. We were not immune from these events; our combined ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 102.3 . 
 
 Further, the ongoing Russian-Ukrainian conflict has resulted in the U.S., United Kingdom, European Union, and other countries imposing financial and economic sanctions, which have caused disruption in the global economy and have increased economic and geopolitical uncertainty. If this conflict is prolonged, we and other reinsurers may incur additional losses in future periods. 
 
 51 

Link to Table of Contents 

The continuing widespread inflation is a significant concern to the industry, as it can add uncertainty to the cost of claims, particularly for classes of business with long payout tails. As a result, it creates pricing challenges for new business and valuation challenges in claims reserves. We are addressing these concerns in multiple ways: 
 
 Our underwriting strategy focuses on relatively short-tailed business, which is inherently less exposed to inflation than long-tailed lines. We estimate the payout duration of our existing reserves at approximately two years. 
 We incorporate inflation assumptions in all our pricing and reassess these assumptions frequently. 
 We are minimizing our exposure to classes that are experiencing severe supply-chain-driven inflation. 
 
 The rising interest rate environment has had a mixed impact on our financial results. While we have experienced losses driven by fixed-income securities held by Lloyd s syndicates in which we participate, the higher interest rates have improved the yield on our restricted cash and cash equivalents. To the extent interest rates continue to increase, we expect to see these trends continue. 
 
 The combination of the recent loss events, continued inflation, and rising interest rates led to a significant reduction in the amount of reinsurance capital available for deployment, which in turn has led to market conditions that we consider more favorable than any we have experienced in more than a decade. The January 1 renewal season saw widespread pricing improvements in the aviation, war and terror, and marine classes and even higher increases in the property catastrophe rates. These short-tailed specialty and property catastrophe classes represents a significant portion of our 2023 business plan. Elsewhere in our portfolio, average percentage rate improvements were in the single digits. 
 
 Additionally, we continue to be encouraged by our Innovations unit, whose central objective is to enhance our underwriting return and risk profile by establishing a range of strategic partnerships. Our Innovations-related premiums, included premiums written by Syndicate 3456, accounted for approximately 18 of our net premiums written in 2022. We see the potential for significant growth from Innovations-derived underwriting opportunities in the future. 
 
 SILP generated a net return of 25.3 in 2022, compared to an 18.1 loss for the S P 500 index. Effective January 1, 2023, the Company increased its allocation to SILP to a maximum of 60 of surplus. 

Segments 
 
 We have one operating segment, Property Casualty reinsurance, and we analyze our business based on the following categories: 
 Property Casualty Other 
 
 Property business covers personal lines, commercial lines exposures and automobile physical damage. Property business includes both catastrophe and non-catastrophe coverage. We expect property business to account for a small portion of our overall catastrophe exposure. 
 
 Casualty business covers general liability, motor liability, professional liability, and workers compensation exposures. The Company s multi-line business includes the Funds at Lloyd s business. As our Lloyd s syndicate contracts incorporate property (including incidental catastrophe), casualty, and other exposures, we categorize them as multi-line (and therefore casualty) business. However, these contracts are composed of primarily short-tailed risks. 
 
 Other business covers accident and health, financial (including transactional liability, mortgage insurance, surety, and trade credit), marine, energy, as well as other specialty business such as aviation, crop, cyber, political, and terrorism exposures. 

Revenues 
 
 We derive our revenues from two principal sources: 
 premiums from reinsurance on property and casualty business assumed (net of any premiums ceded); and income from investments. 
 
 52 

Link to Table of Contents 

 We recognize premiums written as revenues, net of any applicable underlying reinsurance coverage, over the term of the related policy or contract. Depending on the contract structure, the earnings period could be the same as the reinsurance contract or based on the terms of the underlying insurance policies. 
 
 Income from our investments is primarily composed of: 
 
 income (or loss) generated from our investment in SILP; 
 gains (or losses) from our other investments, including Innovations and investments accounted for under the equity method; 
 interest income on our restricted cash and cash equivalents and Funds at Lloyd 
 foreign exchange gains (or losses); and interest income and gains (or losses) from promissory notes receivable. 

In addition, we may from time to time derive other income from interest on deposit-accounted contracts, fees generated from advisory services, and fees relating to overrides, profit commissions, and fees due upon the early termination of contracts. 

Expenses 
 
 Our expenses consist primarily of the following: 
 underwriting losses and loss adjustment expenses; acquisition costs; general and administrative expenses; interest expense; investment-related expenses. 
 
 The extent of our loss and LAE is a function of the amount and type of reinsurance contracts we write and the loss experience of the underlying coverage. As described below, loss and loss adjustment expenses include an actuarially determined estimate of losses incurred, including losses incurred during the period and changes in estimates from prior periods. The period over which we pay loss and LAE reserves depends on the nature of the coverage provided and generally extends over multiple years. 
 
 Acquisition costs consist primarily of brokerage fees, ceding commissions, premium taxes, profit commissions, letters of credit and trust fees, and federal excise taxes. We amortize deferred acquisition costs relating to successfully bound reinsurance contracts over the related contract term. 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits and related costs, including costs associated with our incentive compensation plan, bonuses, and stock compensation expenses. General and administrative expenses also include professional fees, travel and entertainment, information technology, rent, and other general operating costs. General and administrative expenses reported in our consolidated statements of operations include both underwriting and corporate expenses. 
 
 Interest expense consists of interest paid and accrued on senior convertible notes and the amortization of issuance expenses. In addition, we incur interest expenses on some deposit-accounted contracts. 
 
 Investment-related expenses primarily consist of management fees and performance compensation paid to the investment advisor. We net these expenses against investment income (loss) in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements contain certain amounts that are inherently subjective and have required management to make assumptions and best estimates to determine reported values. If certain factors, including those described in Part I. Item IA. Risk Factors, cause actual events or results to differ materially from our underlying assumptions or estimates, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. We believe the following accounting policies affect the more significant estimates used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. We have summarized the descriptions below for clarity. We have included a more detailed description of our significant accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Link to Table of Contents 

Premium Revenues and Risk Transfer. We record our property and casualty reinsurance premiums as premiums written based on contract terms and information received from ceding companies and their brokers. Excess of loss reinsurance contracts typically state premiums as a percentage of the subject premiums written by the client, subject to a minimum and deposit premium. The minimum and deposit premium is generally based on an estimate of subject premiums expected to be written by the client during the contract term. The minimum and deposit premium is reported initially as premiums written and adjusted, if necessary, in subsequent periods once the actual subject premium is known. 
 
 Certain contracts provide for reinstatement premiums in the event of a loss. Reinstatement premiums are written and earned when a triggering loss event occurs. 
 
 Our clients estimate the gross premiums they expect to write at the contract s inception for each proportional contract we underwrite. Our underwriters initially utilize the client s estimate to determine our best estimate. In subsequent periods, we adjust our estimates based on our client s actual reports and our expectations of market conditions for the applicable line of business. As the contract progresses, we monitor premiums received in conjunction with the client s correspondence to refine our estimate. Variances from initial gross premiums estimates are generally greater for proportional contracts than for non-proportional ones. We earn premiums over the risk coverage period. Unearned premiums represent the unexpired portion of reinsurance provided. 
 
 At the inception of each of our reinsurance contracts, we receive premium estimates from the client, which we use in conjunction with historical and industry data to estimate what we believe will be the ultimate premium payable under each contract. We receive actual premiums written by each client as the client reports the actual results of the underlying insurance writings to us monthly or quarterly (depending on the contract). We book the actual premiums written when we receive them from our client. Each reporting period, we estimate the premiums written for stub periods that have not yet been reported to us by the client. For example, at year-end, we may have to estimate December premiums ceded under certain contracts since the client may not be required to report the actual results to us until after we have issued our audited consolidated financial statements. Typically, we only use premium estimates for unreported stub periods, which account for a small percentage of our total premiums written. 
 
 We confirm the accuracy and completeness of premiums reported by our clients by reviewing the client s statutory filings, where available, or performing an audit of the client under the contract terms. Discrepancies between premiums ceded and reported under a contract are, in our experience, rare. To date, we have not had any material difference in premiums reported by a client that required a formal dispute resolution process. 
 
 Assessing whether a reinsurance contract meets the conditions for risk transfer requires judgment. The determination of risk transfer is critical to reporting premiums written and is based in part on the use of actuarial and pricing models and assumptions. If we determine that a reinsurance contract does not transfer sufficient risk to merit reinsurance accounting treatment, we report the premium we receive as a deposit liability. Similarly, we report the premium we pay as a deposit asset for ceded contracts that do not transfer sufficient risk to merit reinsurance accounting. Any income and expense on deposit-accounted contracts is calculated using the interest method and recorded in the consolidated statements of operations under the captions Other income (expense) and Deposit interest expense, respectively. 
 
 Investments. We carry our investment in SILP at fair value, based on the most recent net asset value obtained from SILP s third-party administrator. The caption Other investments in our consolidated balance sheets includes private and unlisted equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values. We determine these private equity securities carrying value based on the original cost, less impairment, plus or minus observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. At each reporting date, we qualitatively consider whether the investment is impaired on the basis of certain impairment indicators. If we determine that the equity security is impaired on the basis of the qualitative assessment and the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment loss in the caption Net investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. We determine realized gains and losses from other investments based on the specific identification method (by reference to cost or amortized cost, as appropriate). These gains and losses are included in the captions Net investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 54 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves. Estimating our loss and LAE reserves involves a considerable degree of judgment, and our estimates as of any given date are inherently uncertain. Estimating loss and LAE reserves requires us to make assumptions regarding reporting and development patterns, frequency and severity trends, claims settlement practices, potential changes in legal environments, inflation, loss amplification, foreign exchange movements, and other factors. These estimates and judgments are based on numerous considerations and are often revised as (i) we receive changes in loss amounts reported by ceding companies and brokers; (ii) we obtain additional information, experience, or other data; (iii) we develop new or improved methodologies; or (iv) we observe changes in the legal environment. 
 
 Our loss and LAE reserves relating to short-tail property risks are typically reported to us and settled more promptly than those relating to long-tail risks. However, the timeliness of loss reporting can be affected by such factors as the nature of the event causing the loss, the location of the loss, whether the loss is from policies in force with primary insurers or with reinsurers, and where our exposure falls within the cedent s overall reinsurance program. 
 
 Our loss and LAE reserves are composed of case reserves (based on claims reported to us) and IBNR reserves, including the associated claims handling costs. 
 
 We determine case reserve estimates based on loss reports received. We determine our IBNR reserve estimates using standard actuarial methods and a combination of our own historical and current loss experience, insurance industry loss experience, assessments of pricing adequacy trends, and our professional judgment. In estimating our IBNR reserve, we estimate the total ultimate loss and LAE we expect to incur and subtract paid claims and case reserves. 
 
 The nature and extent of our judgment in the reserving process depend in part upon the type of business. Some of our property treaty reinsurance contracts represent business with a low frequency of claims occurrence and a high potential loss severity, such as claims arising from natural catastrophes. Given the nature of these events, traditional actuarial reserving methods may not be reliable indicators of the final outcome. As such, for contracts or losses of this type, we estimate the ultimate cost associated with a single loss event rather than perform analysis on the historical development patterns of past events to estimate the ultimate losses for an entire accident year. We estimate our reserves for these large events on a by-contract basis by reviewing policies with known or potential exposure to a particular loss event. 
 
 For non-catastrophe losses, we apply standard actuarial methodologies in setting reserves, including paid and incurred loss development, Bornheutter-Ferguson, burning cost, and frequency and severity techniques. We supplement our analysis with industry loss ratio and development pattern information in conjunction with our own experience. The weight given to a particular method will depend on many factors, including the homogeneity within the class of business, the volume of losses, the maturity of the accident year, and the length of the expected development tail. For example, the expected loss ratio method assumes that the ratio of premiums and losses remains constant. In contrast, development methods rely on observable patterns within reported losses, both historical and newly reported, to establish a view of the ultimate loss incurred. Therefore, as an accident year matures, we may migrate from an expected loss ratio method to an incurred development method. 
 
 As a predominantly broker-market reinsurer for both excess-of-loss and proportional contracts, we rely on loss information reported to brokers by primary insurers who, in turn, must estimate their losses at the policy level, often based on incomplete and changing information. The information we receive varies by cedent and may include paid losses, estimated case reserves, and an estimated provision for IBNR reserves. Reserving practices and data-reporting quality differ among ceding companies, which adds further uncertainty to our estimation of ultimate losses. The nature and extent of information received from ceding companies and brokers also vary widely depending on the type of coverage, the contractual reporting terms (which are affected by market conditions and practices), and other factors. Due to the lack of standardization of the terms and conditions of reinsurance contracts, the differences in coverage provided to individual clients, and the tendency of those coverages to change rapidly in response to market conditions, we cannot always reliably measure the ongoing economic impact of such uncertainties and inconsistencies. 
 
 Time lags are inherent in loss reporting, especially in the case of excess-of-loss reinsurance contracts. The time lags, coupled with the combined characteristics of low claim frequency and high claim severity on such contracts, make the available data less useful for predicting ultimate losses. 
 
 In the case of proportional contracts, we rely on an analysis of a cedent s historical experience, industry information, and the underwriters professional judgment in estimating reserves. We also utilize ultimate loss ratio forecasts when reported by cedents and brokers, which are ordinarily subject to three to six-month lags for proportional business. Due to our reliance on ceding companies for claims reporting, our reserve estimates are highly dependent on ceding companies judgment. Furthermore, during the loss settlement period, which may last several years, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends will often become known, and case law may change, affecting ultimate expected losses. 
 
 55 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Since we rely on ceding company data in establishing our loss and LAE reserves, we maintain procedures designed to mitigate the risk that such information is incomplete or inaccurate. These procedures include: (i) comparisons of expected premiums to reported premiums, which helps us to identify delinquent client periodic reports; (ii) ceding company audits to identify inaccurate or incomplete reporting of claims and ensure that claims are actively and appropriately managed in line with agreed protocols and settlement authority limits; and (iii) underwriting reviews to ascertain that the losses ceded are covered as provided under the contract terms. These procedures are incorporated in our internal controls and are regularly evaluated and amended as market conditions, risk factors, and unanticipated areas of exposure develop. 
 
 We engage an independent third-party actuarial firm to perform a quarterly reserve review and annually opine on the reasonableness and adequacy of the aggregate loss reserves. We provide the third-party actuarial firm with our pricing models, reserving analysis, and other data. The actuarial firm may also inquire about the various assumptions and estimates used in the reserving analysis. The actuarial firm independently creates its own reserving models based on industry loss information, augmented by client-specific loss information and independent assumptions and estimates. Based on various reserving methodologies that the actuarial firm considers appropriate, it creates a loss reserve estimate for each segment in the portfolio. It recommends an aggregate loss reserve, including IBNR. In the event of material differences between our aggregated booked reserves and the actuarial firm's recommended reserves, the reserving committee would be notified, with the reserves adjusted as deemed appropriate. To date, there have been no material differences resulting from the external actuary s reviews requiring adjustments to our booked reserves. 
 
 We monitor the development of our prior-year losses during subsequent calendar years by comparing the actual reported losses against previous estimates and current expectations. The analysis of this loss development is important to the ongoing refinement of our reserving assumptions. Each additional year of loss experience with a given cedent provides additional insight into the accuracy and timeliness of previously reported information. 
 
 Estimating loss reserves for our book of longer-tail casualty reinsurance business, which we write on both a proportional and non-proportional basis, involves further uncertainties. In addition to the uncertainties described above, casualty business is generally subject to longer reporting lags than property business, and claims often take several years to settle. During this period, additional factors and trends will be revealed, and we may adjust our reserves accordingly. Therefore, any factors that extend the time until our cedents settle claims add uncertainty to the reserving process. 
 
 The uncertainties inherent in the reserving process and the potential for unforeseen developments, including changes in laws and the prevailing interpretation of policy terms, may result in our loss and LAE reserves being materially greater or less than the loss and LAE reserves we initially established. We reflect adjustments to our loss and LAE reserves in our financial results during the period they are determined. Changes to our prior year loss reserves will impact our current underwriting results by improving our results if the prior year reserves prove redundant or impairing our results if the prior year reserves prove insufficient. 
 
 We believe that our reserves for loss and LAE are sufficient to cover losses that fall within the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers based on the methodologies used to estimate those reserves. However, we can provide no assurance that actual losses will not (i) be less than or (ii) exceed our total established reserves. 
 
 Please refer to Notes 2 and 7 of our consolidated financial statements for a more detailed explanation of our loss reserving methodology and the loss development tables by accident year, respectively, as required under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Share-Based Payments. We have established a stock incentive plan for directors, employees, and consultants. We recognize share-based compensation transactions using the fair value at the award s grant date. We calculate the compensation for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units RSUs based on the price of the Company s common shares at the grant date. For restricted stock awards that include both service and performance conditions, we recognize the associated expense when we determine that it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. For restricted stock awards with only service conditions, we recognize the associated expense, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, over the vesting period. We estimate the forfeiture rate for restricted stock awards and RSUs based on our historical experience and expectations of future forfeitures. The forfeiture rate reduces the unamortized grant date fair value of unvested outstanding restricted stock awards and RSUs and the associated stock compensation expense. As restricted shares and RSUs are forfeited, we reduce the number of outstanding restricted shares and RSUs and compare the remaining unamortized grant date fair value to the assumed forfeiture levels, adjusting the unamortized balance as necessary. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have assumed a forfeiture rate of 8.0 (2021: 9.0 and 2020: 7.0 for restricted stock awards and RSUs granted. 
 
 If actual results differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions, particularly concerning our estimation of volatility and forfeiture rates, share-based compensation expense, primarily relating to future share-based awards, could be materially impacted. 
 56 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Key Financial Measures and Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 Management uses certain key financial measures, some of which are not prescribed under U.S. GAAP rules and standards non-GAAP financial measures ), to evaluate our financial performance, financial position, and the change in shareholder value. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure, as defined in SEC Regulation G, is a numerical measure of a company s historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented under U.S. GAAP. We believe that these measures, which may be calculated or defined differently by other companies, provide consistent and comparable metrics of our business performance to help shareholders understand performance trends and facilitate a more thorough understanding of the Company s business. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for those determined under U.S. GAAP. 
 
 The key non-GAAP financial measures used in this report are: 
 
 Basic book value per share and fully diluted book value per share; and 
 Net underwriting income (loss) 
 
 These non-GAAP financial measures are described below. 
 
 Basic Book Value Per Share and Fully Diluted Book Value Per Share 
 
 We believe that long-term growth in fully diluted book value per share is the most relevant measure of our financial performance because it provides management and investors a yardstick to monitor the shareholder value generated. Fully diluted book value per share may also help our investors, shareholders, and other interested parties form a basis of comparison with other companies within the property and casualty reinsurance industry. Basic book value per share and fully diluted book value per share should not be viewed as substitutes for the comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 We calculate basic book value per share as (a) ending shareholders' equity, divided by (b) aggregate of Class A and Class B Ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including all unvested service-based restricted shares, and the earned portion of performance-based restricted shares granted after December 31, 2021. We exclude shares potentially issuable in connection with convertible notes if the conversion price exceeds the share price. 
 
 Fully diluted book value per share represents basic book value per share combined with any dilutive impact of in-the-money stock options, unvested service-based RSUs, and the earned portion of unvested performance-based RSUs granted. Fully diluted book value per share also includes the dilutive effect, if any, of ordinary shares expected to be issued upon settlement of the convertible notes. 
 
 Our primary financial goal is to increase fully diluted book value per share over the long term. We use fully diluted book value per share as a financial measure in our annual incentive compensation. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures basic and fully diluted book value per share to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure: 
 57 

Link to Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 in thousands, except per share and share amounts) Numerator for basic and fully diluted book value per share: Total equity (U.S. GAAP) (numerator for basic and fully diluted book value per share) 503,120 475,663 464,857 Denominator for basic and fully diluted book value per share: (1) 
 Ordinary shares issued and outstanding as presented in the Company s consolidated balance sheets 34,824,061 33,844,446 34,514,790 Less: Unearned performance-based restricted shares granted after December 31, 2021 (516,489) Denominator for basic book value per share 34,307,572 33,844,446 34,514,790 Add: In-the-money stock options, service-based RSUs granted, and earned performance-based RSUs granted 187,750 154,134 116,722 Denominator for fully diluted book value per share 34,495,322 33,998,580 34,631,512 Basic book value per share 14.66 14.05 13.47 Increase (decrease) in basic book value per share ) 0.61 0.58 0.57 Increase (decrease) in basic book value per share ) 4.3 4.3 4.4 Fully diluted book value per share 14.59 13.99 13.42 Increase (decrease) in fully diluted book value per share ) 0.60 0.57 0.54 Increase (decrease) in fully diluted book value per share ) 4.3 4.2 4.2 
 
 (1) For periods prior to January 1, 2022, all unvested restricted shares are included in the basic and fully diluted denominators. Restricted shares with performance-based vesting conditions granted after December 31, 2021, are included in the basic and fully diluted denominators to the extent that the Company has recognized the corresponding share-based compensation expense. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of unearned restricted shares with performance conditions not included in the basic and fully diluted denominators was 709,638 (2021: 193,149; 2020: 193,149). 
 
 Net Underwriting Income (Loss) 
 
 One way that we evaluate the Company s underwriting performance is by measuring net underwriting income (loss). We do not use premiums written as a measure of performance. Net underwriting income (loss) is a performance measure used by management to evaluate the fundamentals underlying the Company s underwriting operations. We believe that the use of net underwriting income (loss) enables investors and other users of the Company s financial information to analyze our performance in a manner similar to how management analyzes performance. Management also believes this measure follows industry practice and allows the users of financial information to compare the Company s performance with that of our industry peer group. 
 
 Net underwriting income (loss) is considered a non-GAAP financial measure because it excludes items used to calculate net income before taxes under U.S. GAAP. We calculate net underwriting income (loss) as net premiums earned, plus other income relating to reinsurance and deposit-accounted contracts, less deposit interest expense, less net loss and loss adjustment expenses, acquisition costs, and underwriting expenses. The measure excludes, on a recurring basis: (1) investment income (loss); (2) other income (expense) not related to underwriting, including foreign exchange gains or losses, Lloyd s interest income and expense, and adjustments to the allowance for expected credit losses; (3) corporate general and administrative expenses; and (4) interest expense. We exclude total investment income or loss, foreign exchange gains or losses, Lloyd s interest income or expense and expected credit losses as we believe these items are influenced by market conditions and other factors unrelated to underwriting decisions. We exclude corporate and interest expenses because these costs are generally fixed and not incremental to or directly related to our underwriting operations. We believe all of these amounts are largely independent of our underwriting process, and including them could hinder the analysis of trends in our underwriting operations. Net underwriting income (loss) should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP net income before income taxes. 
 
 58 

Link to Table of Contents 

 The reconciliations of net underwriting income (loss) to income (loss) before income taxes (the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure) on a consolidated basis are shown below: 
 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Income (loss) before income tax 24,526 21,324 4,290 Add (subtract): Total investment (income) loss (68,983) (50,152) (25,532) Other non-underwriting (income) expense 11,777 880 (686) Corporate expenses 17,793 16,489 14,036 Interest expense 4,201 6,263 6,280 Net underwriting income (loss) (10,686) (5,196) (1,612) 
 
 59 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The table below summarizes our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) Underwriting revenue Gross premiums written 563,171 565,393 479,791 Gross premiums ceded (33,429) (41) (2,268) Net premiums written 529,742 565,352 477,523 Change in net unearned premium reserves (60,265) (26,073) (22,112) Net premiums earned 469,477 539,279 455,411 Underwriting related expenses Net loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred Current year 316,367 389,080 333,096 Prior year 118 (14,100) 4,737 Net loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred 316,485 374,980 337,833 Acquisition costs 143,148 144,960 109,288 Underwriting expenses 13,813 12,880 12,365 Deposit accounting and other reinsurance expense (income) 6,717 11,655 (2,463) Net underwriting income (loss) 1 
 (10,686) (5,196) (1,612) Income (loss) from investment in related party investment fund 54,844 18,087 4,431 Net investment income (loss) 14,139 32,065 21,101 Total investment income (loss) 68,983 50,152 25,532 Net underwriting and investment income (loss) 58,297 44,956 23,920 Corporate expenses 17,793 16,489 14,036 Other (income) expense, net 11,777 880 (686) Interest expense 4,201 6,263 6,280 Income tax expense (benefit) (816) 3,746 424 Net income (loss) 25,342 17,578 3,866 Earnings (loss) per share (Class A and Class B) Basic 0.75 0.51 0.11 Diluted 0.73 0.51 0.11 Underwriting ratios Loss ratio - current year 67.4 72.1 73.1 Loss ratio - prior year (2.6) 1.1 Loss ratio 67.4 69.5 74.2 Acquisition cost ratio 30.5 26.9 24.0 Composite ratio 97.9 96.4 98.2 Underwriting expense ratio 4.4 4.5 2.2 Combined ratio 102.3 100.9 100.4 
 The net financial impacts associated with changes in the estimate of losses incurred in prior years, which incorporate earned reinstatement premiums assumed and ceded, and adjustments to assumed and ceded acquisition costs, were a loss of 12.2 million in 2022, a gain of 8.3 million in 2021, and a loss of 3.7 million in 2020. 
 
 1 Net Underwriting income (loss) is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Key Financial Measures and Non-GAAP Measures above for discussion and reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. 
 60 

Link to Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, fully diluted book value per share increased by 0.60, or 4.3 , to 14.59 per share from 13.99 per share at December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, basic book value per share increased by 0.61, or 4.3 , to 14.66 per share from 14.05 per share at December 31, 2021. The increase in fully diluted book value per share during the year ended December 31, 2022, is net of 0.07, or 0.5 , adverse impact relating to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 (see Note 2 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for recently issued accounting standards adopted). 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net income was 25.3 million, compared to net income of 17.6 million reported for the equivalent 2021 period. 
 
 The developments that most significantly affected our financial performance during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the equivalent 2021 period, are summarized below: 
 
 Underwriting: The underwriting loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 10.7 million, driven primarily by 13.6 million of losses related to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict and 25.7 million of losses related to Hurricane Ian, Typhoon Nanmadol, and wildfires in Tennessee. By comparison, the underwriting loss for the equivalent period in 2021 was 5.2 million, driven by losses from Hurricane Ida, the winter storm Uri, the European floods and hailstorms, U.S. tornados, and South African riots. 
 
 Our combined ratio was 102.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 100.9 for the same period in 2021. The Russian-Ukrainian conflict and natural catastrophe losses contributed 8.4 percentage points to the combined ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the comparable period in 2021, catastrophe losses contributed 6.1 percentage points to the combined ratio. 
 
 Investments: Our total investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 69.0 million, compared to 50.2 million earned during the equivalent 2021 period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our investment in SILP reported a gain of 54.8 million, compared to a gain of 18.1 million during the equivalent period in 2021. 
 
 Other investment income from our Innovations investments and restricted cash and cash equivalents totaled 14.1 million and 32.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Other income (expense): For the year ended December 31, 2022, other expense of 11.8 million was driven primarily by: 
 foreign exchange losses, due mainly to the weakening of the pound sterling against the U.S. dollar; and 
 our share of Lloyd s syndicates investment losses on Funds at Lloyd s business, which is generally conducted on a funds withheld basis. The Lloyd s syndicates invest a portion of these funds in fixed-maturity securities and investment funds, which were negatively impacted by rising interest rates and market volatility. We record our share of these mark-to-market adjustments when the syndicates report them to us, generally one quarter in arrears. 
 
 Underwriting results 
 
 We analyze our business based on three categories: property, casualty, and other. 
 
 61 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Gross Premiums Written 
 
 Details of gross premiums written are provided in the following table: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Property 85,323 15.2 52,947 9.4 Casualty 325,103 57.7 379,113 67.0 Other 152,745 27.1 133,333 23.6 Total 563,171 100.0 565,393 100.0 
 
 As a result of our underwriting philosophy, the total premiums we write and the mix of premiums between property, casualty, and other business, may vary significantly from period to period depending on the market opportunities we identify. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross premiums written decreased by 2.2 million, or 0.4 , compared to the same period in 2021. The changes in gross premiums written for the year ended December 31, 2022, were attributable to the following: 
 Gross Premiums Written Year ended December 31, 2022 Increase (decrease) in millions) change Explanation Property 32.4 61.1 The increase in property gross premiums written during the year ended December 31, 2022, over the comparable 2021 period was due primarily to personal lines business, driven by our Innovations partners. During the 2022 year, we added new Innovations partners to our portfolio, and one of our existing partners grew its personal lines premium volume. 
 
 Our decision to reduce or terminate our participation in certain motor business partially offset this increase. 
 Casualty (54.0) (14.2) The decrease in casualty premiums written during the year ended December 31, 2022, over the comparable 2021 period was due primarily to motor and workers compensation lines which decreased by 109.7 million and 33.8 million, respectively. These decreases related to contracts on which we elected to reduce or not renew our participation. 
 
 Growth in general liability and multi-line premiums, driven primarily by new and renewed Lloyd s and Innovations-related business, partially offset the decrease in casualty premiums. 
 Other 19.4 14.6 The increase in other premiums written during the year ended December 31, 2022, over the comparable 2021 period was due primarily to the following: 
 
 new marine and energy contracts bound during 2022; and 
 new contracts bound during 2022 relating to other specialty classes, including Innovations business. 
 
 The increase was partially offset by a decrease in health premiums, due primarily to changing certain exposures from a proportional basis to excess of loss. 
 
 Premiums Ceded 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our ceded premiums were 33.4 million compared to insignificant ceded premiums for the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2022, we entered into new retrocession agreements to reduce our exposure to marine, energy, health, and property losses. 
 
 62 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Net Premiums Written 
 
 Details of net premiums written are provided in the following table: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Property 67,680 12.8 53,014 9.4 Casualty 315,935 59.6 379,145 67.0 Other 146,127 27.6 133,193 23.6 Total 529,742 100.0 565,352 100.0 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net premiums written decreased by 35.6 million, or 6.3 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The movement in net premiums written resulted from the changes in gross premiums written and ceded during the periods. 
 
 Net Premiums Earned 
 
 Details of net premiums earned are provided in the following table: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Property 52,397 11.2 56,075 10.4 Casualty 289,820 61.7 351,390 65.2 Other 127,260 27.1 131,814 24.4 Total 469,477 100.0 539,279 100.0 
 
 Net premiums earned are primarily a function of the amount and timing of net premiums written during the current and prior periods. 
 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses Incurred, Net 
 
 Details of net losses incurred are provided in the following table: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Property 40,885 12.9 45,987 12.3 Casualty 205,641 65.0 256,830 68.5 Other 69,959 22.1 72,163 19.2 Total 316,485 100.0 374,980 100.0 
 
 The below table summarizes the loss ratios for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 Increase / (decrease) in loss ratio points Property 78.0 82.0 (4.0) Casualty 71.0 73.1 (2.1) Other 55.0 54.7 0.3 Total 67.4 69.5 (2.1) 
 63 

Link to Table of Contents 

The changes in net losses incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, were attributable to the following: 
 Increase (decrease) in millions) Increase / (decrease) in loss ratio points Explanation Property (5.1) (4.0) Our decision to reduce or terminate our participation in certain motor business was the primary driver of the decrease in property losses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. To a lesser extent, favorable loss development relating to prior years catastrophe events also contributed to the decrease in property losses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The 18.4 million decrease in motor losses was partially offset by the following: 
 
 our growing personal lines portfolio; and 
 losses relating to Russian-Ukrainian conflict and natural catastrophes that occurred during 2022, including Hurricane Ian, Typhoons Nanmadol and Hinnamnor, and Tennessee wildfires. 
 
 The property loss ratio decreased 4.0 percentage points during the year ended December 31, 2022, over the equivalent 2021 period. This decrease was due primarily to improved loss ratios within the personal and commercial lines business, which was partially offset by higher loss ratio on our shrinking motor business. 
 
 Casualty (51.2) (2.1) Our decision to reduce or terminate our participation in certain motor and workers compensation business was the primary driver of the decrease in casualty losses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 The decreases in motor and workers compensation losses of 65.3 million and 22.7 million, respectively, were partially offset by higher incurred losses relating to the following: 
 
 Hurricane Ian; and 
 growth in our general liability and multi-line contracts. 
 
 The casualty loss ratio decreased 2.1 percentage points during the year ended December 31, 2022, over the equivalent 2021 period, due primarily to changes in our business mix. We increased our general liability and multi-line business, which generally incorporates lower loss ratios than the motor and workers compensation business it replaced. Adverse loss development on certain motor, workers compensation, and multi-line contracts partially offset the loss ratio decreases. 
 
 Other (2.2) 0.3 The decrease in other losses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, was due primarily to certain health contracts on which we elected to reduce or not renew our participation. To a lesser extent, the decrease related to the following: 
 loss reserves released on certain mortgage contracts; and 
 crop losses incurred in the equivalent 2021 period. 
 
 The decrease was partially offset by the following: 
 losses relating to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict; and. 
 growth in transactional liability and marine and energy business. 
 
 The other loss ratio increased 0.3 percentage points during the year ended December 31, 2022, over the equivalent 2021 period, due primarily due to the decrease in other net earned premiums. 

64 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Russian-Ukrainian Conflict 
 
 Our loss and loss adjustment expenses from the Russian-Ukrainian conflict relate primarily to marine, energy, political violence, and terrorism MEPVT policies and whole account contracts, which are included in our Other - Specialty book of business. We have purchased excess of loss reinsurance to reduce our net exposure relating to MEPVT exposures. As of December 31, 2022, we have not recorded any reinsurance recoveries, as the estimated losses had not impacted the excess layers. However, we may generate recoveries under the retroceded contracts if we recognize significant further MEPVT losses from the Russian-Ukrainian conflict. 
 
 See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves and Note 7. LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE RESERVES in our Notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our reserving techniques and prior year development of net claims and claim expenses. 
 
 Acquisition Costs, Net 
 
 Details of acquisition costs are provided in the following table. 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Property 11,638 8.1 11,936 8.2 Casualty 83,936 58.7 93,499 64.5 Other 47,574 33.2 39,525 27.3 Total 143,148 100.0 144,960 100.0 
 
 The acquisition cost ratios for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, were as follows: 
 2022 2021 Increase / (decrease) Property 22.2 21.3 0.9 Casualty 29.0 26.6 2.4 Other 37.4 30.0 7.4 Total 30.5 26.9 3.6 
 65 

Link to Table of Contents 

The changes in the acquisition cost ratios during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, were attributable to the following: 
 Increase / (decrease) in acquisition cost ratio points Explanation Property 0.9 The increase in property acquisition cost ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022, over the comparable 2021 period, was driven by the higher ceding commissions on our growing portfolio of personal property quota share contracts relative to the reduction in our motor business. 
 
 Casualty 2.4 The increase in the casualty acquisition cost ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022, over the comparable 2021 period, was due primarily to changes in our business mix. The motor and workers compensation premiums, which decreased in 2022, generally incorporate a lower ceding commission rate than the general liability and multi-line business, which grew in 2022. 
 
 Other 7.4 The increase in the other acquisition cost ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022, over the comparable 2021 period, was due primarily to the following: 
 
 growth in transactional liability business, which carries higher ceding commission rates than most other specialty business; 
 increased profit commissions on mortgage contracts driven by favorable loss development; 
 new specialty quota share contracts bound in 2022, which incorporate relatively high acquisition costs; and 
 decreases health business, which generally carries relatively low ceding commissions. 

Ratio Analysis 
 
 The following table provides our underwriting ratios by line of business: 
 
 Year ended December 31 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 Property Casualty Other Total Property Casualty Other Total Loss ratio 78.0 71.0 55.0 67.4 82.0 73.1 54.7 69.5 Acquisition cost ratio 22.2 29.0 37.4 30.5 21.3 26.6 30.0 26.9 Composite ratio 100.2 100.0 92.4 97.9 103.3 99.7 84.7 96.4 Underwriting expense ratio 4.4 4.5 Combined ratio 102.3 100.9 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Details of general and administrative expenses are provided in the following table: 
 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Underwriting expenses 13,813 12,880 Corporate expenses 17,793 16,489 General and administrative expenses 31,606 29,369 
 
 66 

Link to Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased by 2.2 million, or 7.6 , compared to the equivalent 2021 period. The increase was due primarily to (i) a 1.5 million increase in share-based compensation and (ii) 1.1 million of separation and severance costs incurred in 2022. Lower personnel bonus expense partially offset the increase. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, general and administrative expenses included 4.7 million and 3.2 million, respectively, of costs related to share-based compensation granted to employees and directors. 
 
 Total Investment Income (Loss) 
 
 Total investment income (loss) incorporates (i) changes in the net asset value of our investment in SILP managed by DME Advisors, (ii) interest income earned on the restricted cash and cash equivalents pledged as collateral to our clients, and (iii) gains (or losses) and interest on our portfolio of strategic and Innovations investments, and investments accounted for under the equity method. We expect our total investment income, including any change in the net asset value of our investment in SILP, to fluctuate from period to period. 
 
 A summary of our total investment income (loss) is as follows: 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 in thousands) Interest and dividend income, net of withholding taxes 10,865 200 Change in unrealized gains and losses 9,858 19,560 Realized gains (losses) 14,210 Investment-related foreign exchange gains (losses) (185) (45) Interest, dividend, and other expenses (6,399) (1,860) Net investment-related income (loss) 14,139 32,065 Income (loss) from investments in related party investment fund 54,844 18,087 Total investment income (loss) 68,983 50,152 
 
 The caption Income (loss) from investment in related party investment fund in the above table is net of management fees paid by SILP to DME Advisors and performance compensation, if any, allocated from the Company s investment in SILP to DME II. No performance compensation is allocated in periods of loss reported by SILP. For further information about management fees and performance compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, please refer to Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Investment Portfolio managed by DME Advisors reported a gain of 25.3 , compared to a gain of 7.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. On a gross basis, the long and the short portfolio earned 0.0 , and 26.1 , respectively, while macro and other positions gained 2.0 , during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the most significant contributors to SILP s investment return were long positions in Twitter and Consol Energy, and a short position in a basket of stocks perceived to be overvalued. The most significant detractors for the year ended December 31, 2022, were long positions in Green Brick Partners, Danimer Scientific, and GoPro. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, some of our Innovations-related investees completed new financing rounds. The associated carry-value increases contributed to a net unrealized gain of 9.9 million (2021: 19.6 million). The unrealized gains are net of a 1.7 million valuation allowance recorded on certain Innovations-related investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: 0.5 million). 
 
 The increase in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily related to our restricted cash and cash equivalents, which benefited from rising U.S. interest rates. The interest, dividend, and other expenses primarily relate to interest payable on funds withheld. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we realized gains of 14.2 million related to the sale of a strategic investment. 
 
 67 

Link to Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the gross investment return (loss) on our investments managed by DME Advisors (excluding the investment advisor performance allocation) was composed of the following: 
 2022 2021 Long portfolio gains (losses) 24.3 Short portfolio gains (losses) 26.1 (7.9) Macro gains (losses) 3.8 (6.0) Other income and expenses 1 
 (1.8) (2.1) Gross investment return 28.1 8.3 Net investment return 1 
 25.3 7.5 
 1 Other income and expenses excludes performance compensation but includes management fees. Net investment return incorporates both of these amounts. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Investment Portfolio was calculated based on 50 of GLRE Surplus, or the Company's shareholders' equity, as reported in the Company s then most recent quarterly U.S. GAAP financial statements adjusted monthly for our share of the net profits and net losses reported by SILP during any intervening period (the adjusted GLRE Surplus ). Effective January 1, 2023, the Investment Portfolio is calculated based on 60 of adjusted GLRE Surplus. 
 
 Each month, we post on our website www.greenlightre.com the returns from our investment in SILP. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We are not obligated to pay taxes in the Cayman Islands on either income or capital gains. The Governor-In-Cabinet has granted us an exemption from any income taxes that may be imposed in the Cayman Islands for the 20 years expiring February 1, 2025. 
 
 GRIL is incorporated in Ireland and is subject to the Irish corporation tax. We expect GRIL to be taxed at 12.5 on its taxable trading income and 25 on its non-trading income, if any. Greenlight Re UK and GCM are incorporated in the United Kingdom and therefore are subject to the U.K. corporate tax rate of 19 on their profits. 
 
 Verdant is incorporated in Delaware and is subject to taxes under the U.S. federal rates and regulations prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service. We expect Verdant s future taxable income to be taxed at 21 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the income tax expense of 0.8 million was due primarily to the gain on the sale of our investment in AccuRisk. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we have included a gross deferred tax asset of 2.8 million (December 31, 2021: 3.2 million) in the caption Other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance of 2.3 million (2021: 2.7 million) partially offset this gross deferred tax asset. We have concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will fully realize the recorded deferred tax asset (net of the valuation allowance) in the future. We have based this conclusion on the expected timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and the likelihood of generating sufficient taxable income to realize the future tax benefit. We have not taken any other tax positions that we believe are subject to uncertainty or reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Company. 

Financial Condition 
 
 Total investments 
 
 The total investments reported in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022, was 248.5 million, compared to 231.0 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 17.5 million, or 7.6 . The increase was primarily related to gains on SILP and Innovations-related investments and the purchase of certificates of deposit. The increase was partially offset by net redemptions from SILP. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 91.6 of SILP s portfolio was valued based on quoted prices in actively traded markets (Level 1), 6.3 was composed of instruments valued based on observable inputs other than quoted prices (Level 2), and a nominal amount was composed of instruments valued based on non-observable inputs (Level 3). At December 31, 2022, 2.1 of SILP s portfolio consisted of private equity funds valued using the funds net asset values as a practical expedient. 
 
 68 

Link to Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, 86 of our Innovations-related portfolio was carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, measured as of the investees most recently completed financing round, and 14 was carried at the original cost. 
 
 Other than our investment in SILP (see Notes 3 and 4 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements), we have not participated in transactions that created relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including VIEs, established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents; Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents decreased by 38.1 million, or 49.9 , from 76.3 million at December 31, 2021, to 38.2 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to cash used for operations, repurchase of senior convertible debt, purchase of Innovations-related investments and collateral posted to our ceding insurers. 
 
 We use our restricted cash and cash equivalents for funding trusts and letters of credit issued to our ceding insurers. Our restricted cash increased by 33.5 million, or 5.3 , from 634.8 million at December 31, 2021, to 668.3 million, at December 31, 2022, primarily due to collateral required by our ceding insurers. 
 
 Reinsurance balances receivable 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, reinsurance balances receivable increased by 100.2 million, or 24.7 , to 505.6 million from 405.4 million at December 31, 2021. This increase was related primarily to funds withheld by cedents. At December 31, 2022, funds held by cedents were 337.4 million, compared to 246.9 million at December 31, 2021. Funds withheld predominantly relate to premiums withheld by Lloyd s syndicates and funds contributed by the Company to Lloyd's as security for members underwriting activities. The remaining increase related to premiums receivable on new contracts bound during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves; Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses Recoverable 
 
 Reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses were composed of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Case Reserves IBNR Total Case Reserves IBNR Total in thousands) Property 20,354 41,361 61,715 21,357 49,486 70,843 Casualty 146,702 227,979 374,681 151,734 219,949 371,683 Other 17,700 101,372 119,072 17,129 64,355 81,484 Total 184,756 370,712 555,468 190,220 333,790 524,010 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the total gross loss and loss adjustment expense reserves increased by 31.5 million, or 6.0 , to 555.5 million from 524.0 million at December 31, 2021. See Note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of changes in outstanding loss and loss adjustment expense reserves and a description of prior period loss developments. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, total loss and loss adjustment expenses recoverable increased by 2.1 million, or 19.3 , to 13.2 million from 11.1 million at December 31, 2021. See Note 8 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of the credit risk associated with our retrocessionaires. 
 
 For most of the contracts we write, defined limits of liability limit our risk exposure. Once each contract s limit of liability has been reached, we have no further exposure to additional losses from that contract. However, certain contracts, particularly quota share contracts covering first-dollar exposure, do not contain aggregate limits. 
 
 Our property and Lloyd s business, and to a lesser extent our casualty and other business, incorporate contracts that contain natural peril loss exposure. We currently monitor our catastrophe loss exposure in terms of our PML. 
 
 We anticipate that our PMLs will vary from period to period depending upon the modeled simulated losses and the composition of our in-force book of business. 
 
 69 

Link to Table of Contents 

 We monitor our natural peril PMLs on a worldwide basis, with a particular focus on our peak peril regions. When these perils consist of a large geographic area, we split them into sub-regions, where the underlying geographic components can also be considered individual peril zones. 
 
 For our natural catastrophe PMLs, we utilize the output of catastrophe models at the 1-in-250-year return period. The 1-in-250-year return period PML means that we believe there is a 0.4 probability that, in any given year, an occurrence of a natural catastrophe will lead to losses exceeding the stated estimate. 
 
 It is important to note that PMLs are best estimates based on the modeled data available for each underlying risk. As a result, we cannot provide assurance that any actual event will align with the modeled event or that actual losses from events similar to the modeled events will not vary materially from the modeled event PML. 
 
 Our PML estimates incorporate all significant exposure from our reinsurance operations, including coverage for property, marine and energy, motor, and catastrophe workers compensation exposures. 
 
 At January 1, 2023, our estimated largest PML (net of retrocession and reinstatement premiums) at a 1-in-250-year return period for a single event and in aggregate was 77.5 million and 83.5 million, respectively, both relating to the peril of North Atlantic Hurricane. 
 
 The below table contains the expected modeled loss for each of our peak peril regions and sub-regions for both a single event loss and aggregate loss measures at the 1-in-250-year return period. 
 
 January 1, 2023 Net 1-in-250 Year Return Period Peril Single Event Loss Aggregate Loss in thousands) North Atlantic Hurricane 77,503 83,521 Southeast Hurricane 64,207 65,714 Gulf of Mexico Hurricane 51,106 55,608 Northeast Hurricane 50,603 50,603 North America Earthquake 66,958 69,979 California Earthquake 61,100 64,216 Other N.A. Earthquake 22,914 24,505 Japan Earthquake 21,137 22,586 Japan Windstorm 17,511 19,549 Europe Windstorm 30,758 35,053 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 
 Total equity reported on the consolidated balance sheet increased by 27.5 million to 503.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 475.7 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in shareholders equity during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to the net income of 25.3 million reported for the year, partially offset by the adoption of ASU 2020-06 (see Note 2 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements). For details of other movements in shareholders equity, please see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 
 Greenlight Capital Re is a holding company with no operations of its own. As a holding company, Greenlight Capital Re has minimal continuing cash needs, most of which are related to the payment of corporate and general administrative expenses and interest expenses. We conduct all our underwriting operations through our wholly-owned reinsurance subsidiaries, Greenlight Re and GRIL, which underwrite property and casualty reinsurance. There are restrictions on Greenlight Re s and GRIL s ability to pay dividends described in more detail below. Our current policy is to retain earnings to support the growth of our business. We currently do not expect to pay dividends on our ordinary shares. 
 
 70 

Link to Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, Greenlight Re and GRIL were each rated A- (Excellent) with a stable outlook by A.M. Best. The ratings reflect A.M. Best s opinion of our reinsurance subsidiaries financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet obligations. They are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our Class A ordinary shares. If A.M. Best downgrades our ratings below A- (Excellent) or withdraws our rating, we could be severely limited or prevented from writing any new reinsurance contracts, which would significantly and negatively affect our business. Our A.M. Best ratings may be revised or revoked at the sole discretion of the rating agency. 
 
 Some of our assumed reinsurance contracts contain provisions that permit our clients to cancel the contract or require additional collateral in the event of a downgrade in our A.M. Best ratings below A- (Excellent) or a reduction of our capital or surplus below specified levels over the course of the agreement. In the periods presented, there were no such cancellations or other adjustments relating to novations, commutations, or similar actions that had a material impact on our premiums written, net income, or liquidity position, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 
 Contracts containing such cancellation rights represented approximately 8 of gross premiums written during 2022. We believe if all additional collateral requirements had been triggered at December 31, 2022, additional required collateral would equal approximately 92 million. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Funds 
 
 Our sources of funds consist primarily of premium receipts (net of brokerage and ceding commissions), investment income, and other income. We use cash from our operations to pay losses and loss adjustment expenses, profit commissions, interest, and general and administrative expenses. At December 31, 2022, all of our investable assets, excluding strategic and Innovations investments and funds required for business operations and capital risk management, are invested by DME Advisors in SILP, subject to our investment guidelines. We can redeem funds from SILP at any time for operational purposes by providing three days notice to the general partner. At December 31, 2022, the majority of SILP s long investments were composed of cash and cash equivalents and publicly traded equity securities, which can be readily liquidated to meet our redemption requests. We record all investment income (loss), including any changes in the net asset value of SILP, and any unrealized gains and losses, in our consolidated statements of operations for each reporting period. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the net cash used in operating activities was 31.8 million and 56.3 million, respectively. The net cash used in operating activities was used primarily for our underwriting activities and for payment of corporate and general administrative expenses. Generally, if the premiums collected exceed claim payments within a given period, we generate cash from our underwriting activities. Our underwriting activities represented a net use of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, as the losses we paid exceeded the premiums we collected. On our Lloyd s syndicate contracts, we do not receive any premiums until the year of account is settled, net of losses, at the end of three years. Our Lloyd s syndicate business has been growing in recent years. The increase in funds contributed to Lloyd's as security for members' underwriting activities has contributed to the net use of cash for underwriting activities. The cash used in and generated from underwriting activities may vary significantly from period to period depending on the mix of business, the nature of underwriting opportunities available, and the volume of claims submitted to us by our cedents. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our investing activities provided net cash of 47.0 million. We redeemed 60.2 million of cash from SILP (net of contributions) and used 13.2 million for new Innovations and other investments. By comparison, for the same period in 2021, our investing activities provided net cash of 23.1 million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 19.8 million to repurchase our convertible senior notes. During the same period in 2021, we used 10.0 million to repurchase our Class A ordinary shares. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our foreseeable financial requirements. We do not expect the recent global events, including Hurricane Ian, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, and the COVID-19 pandemic, to materially impact our operational liquidity needs. These needs will be met by cash, funds generated from underwriting activities, and investment income, including withdrawals from SILP if necessary. At December 31, 2022, we expect to fund our operations for the foreseeable future from operating and investing cash flows. 
 
 We are evaluating various alternatives in relation to the convertible senior notes that mature in August 2023. In addition, we may explore various financing options, including debt refinancing and other capital raising alternatives, to fund our business strategy, improve our capital structure, increase surplus, pay claims, or make acquisitions. We can provide no assurances regarding the terms of such transactions or that any such transactions will occur. If we are unable to refinance the convertible senior notes, we will be required to fund settlement at maturity using cash on hand, or withdrawals from SILP, which may negatively affect our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 71 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Although GLRE is not subject to any significant legal prohibitions on the payment of dividends, Greenlight Re and GRIL are each subject to regulatory minimum capital requirements and regulatory constraints that affect their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, any dividend payment would have to be approved by the relevant regulatory authorities prior to payment. At December 31, 2022, Greenlight Re and GRIL exceeded their regulatory minimum capital requirements. 

Letters of Credit and Trust Arrangements 
 
 At December 31, 2022, neither Greenlight Re nor GRIL was licensed or admitted as a reinsurer in any jurisdiction other than the Cayman Islands and the European Economic Area, respectively. Many jurisdictions do not permit domestic insurance companies to take credit on their statutory financial statements for loss recoveries or ceded unearned premiums unless appropriate measures are in place for reinsurance obtained from unlicensed or non-admitted insurers. As a result, we anticipate that all of our U.S. clients and some non-U.S. clients will require us to provide collateral through funds withheld, trust arrangements, letters of credit, or a combination thereof. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had one (2021: one) letter of credit facility available with an aggregate capacity of 275.0 million (2021: 275.0 million). See Note 15 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for details on the letter of credit facility. We provide collateral to cedents in the form of letters of credit and trust arrangements. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of collateral provided to cedents under such arrangements was 667.6 million (2021: 633.9 million). At December 31, 2022, the letters of credit and trust accounts were secured by restricted cash and cash equivalents with a total fair value of 668.3 million (2021: 634.8 million). 
 
 The letter of credit facility contains customary events of default and restrictive covenants, including but not limited to limitations on liens on collateral, transactions with affiliates, mergers, and sales of assets, as well as solvency and maintenance of certain minimum pledged equity requirements and restricts issuance of any debt without the consent of the letter of credit provider. Additionally, if an event of default exists, as defined in the letter of credit facility, Greenlight Re would be prohibited from paying dividends to its parent company. The Company was in compliance with all the covenants of this facility at December 31, 2022. 

Capital 
 
 Our capital structure currently consists of senior convertible notes and equity issued in two classes of ordinary shares. We expect that the existing capital base and internally generated funds will be sufficient to implement our business strategy for the foreseeable future. Consequently, we do not presently anticipate that we will incur any additional material indebtedness in the ordinary course of our business. However, to provide us with flexibility and timely access to public capital markets should we require additional capital for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general corporate purposes, we have filed a Form S-3 registration statement, which expires in July 2024. In addition, as noted above, we may explore various financing alternatives, although there can be no assurance that additional financing will be available on acceptable terms when needed or desired. We did not make any significant commitments for capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Board of Directors had previously approved a share repurchase plan authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 25.0 million of Class A ordinary shares or securities convertible into Class A ordinary shares in the open market through privately negotiated transactions or Rule 10b5-1 stock trading plans. 
 
 On April 26, 2022, the Board of Directors renewed and extended the share repurchase plan until June 30, 2023. The Company is not required to repurchase any Class A ordinary shares, and the repurchase plan may be modified, suspended, or terminated at the election of our Board of Directors at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 4,933 Class A ordinary shares at an average share price of 7.04. 
 
 The Company may, from time to time, repurchase some of its 4.00 convertible senior notes due 2023 (the Notes in privately negotiated transactions, in open market repurchases, or pursuant to one or more tender offers. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired Notes with a face value of 20.4 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired an additional 13.8 million of Notes. 
 
 Under the Company s stock incentive plan, the number of Class A ordinary shares authorized for issuance is 8.0 million shares. At December 31, 2022, 2,011,426 Class A ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the Company s stock incentive plan. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors administers the stock incentive plan. 
 
 72 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 Due to the nature of our reinsurance operations, the amount and timing of the cash flows associated with our reinsurance contractual liabilities will fluctuate, perhaps materially, and, therefore, are highly uncertain. At December 31, 2022, we estimate that we will pay the loss and loss adjustment expense reserves as follows: 
 Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Total in thousands) Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves (1) 
 275,512 164,974 62,768 52,214 555,468 
 (1) Due to the nature of our reinsurance operations, the amount and timing of the cash flows associated with our reinsurance contractual liabilities will fluctuate, perhaps materially, and, therefore, are highly uncertain. 
 
 Greenlight Re entered into a lease agreement for office space in the Cayman Islands commencing July 1, 2021 and expiring June 30, 2026, unless Greenlight Re exercises its right to renew it for another five years. GRIL entered into a lease agreement for office space in Dublin, Ireland commencing October 1, 2021, and expiring September 30, 2031, unless GRIL exercises the break clause by providing a notice of termination at least nine months prior to September 30, 2026. The aggregate annual lease obligation ranges from 0.5 million to 0.6 million. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has 79.6 million of senior convertible notes payable, which mature on August 1, 2023. The Company is obligated to make semiannual interest payments of 2.0 million at an interest rate of 4.0 per annum. The Company has received regulatory approval to declare dividends from Greenlight Re to meet the interest payments obligation. 
 
 Pursuant to the IAA between SILP and DME Advisors, DME Advisors is entitled to a monthly management fee equal to 0.125 (1.5 on an annual basis) of each limited partner s Investment Portfolio, as provided in the SILP LPA. The IAA has an initial term ending on August 31, 2023, subject to automatic extension for successive three-year terms. Pursuant to the SILP LPA, DME II is entitled to a performance allocation equal to 20 of the net profit, calculated per annum, of each limited partner s share of the capital account managed by DME Advisors, subject to a loss carry-forward provision. DME II is not entitled to earn a performance allocation in a year in which SILP incurs a loss. The loss carry-forward provision contained in the SILP LPA allows DME II to earn a reduced performance allocation of 10 of net profits in years subsequent to the year in which the capital accounts of the limited partners incur a loss until all losses are recouped, and an additional amount equal to 150 of the loss is earned. At December 31, 2022, we estimate the reduced performance allocation of 10 to continue to be applied until SILP achieves additional investment returns of 148.5 , at which point the performance allocation will revert to 20 . For detailed breakdowns of management fees and performance compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, please refer to Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company has entered into a service agreement with DME Advisors pursuant to which DME Advisors will provide investor relations services to us for compensation of 5,000 per month plus expenses. The service agreement had an initial term of one year and continues for sequential one-year periods until terminated by us or DME Advisors. Either party may terminate the service agreement for any reason with 30 days prior written notice to the other party. 
 
 Our related party transactions are presented in Note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Effects of Inflation 
 
 Inflation generally affects the cost of claims and claim expenses. Long-tailed lines of business generally have greater exposure to inflation than short-tailed lines, with this differential becoming more pronounced as the severity of inflation increases. Our underwriting portfolio is predominantly short-tailed, and we actively manage our exposures to classes that experience significant inflation. Our pricing and reserving models incorporate the anticipated effects of inflation on our claim costs, and we regularly review and update our assumptions. However, we cannot predict or estimate the onset, duration, and severity of an inflationary period with precision. The actual effect of inflation may differ significantly from our assumptions. 
 
 Inflation can also affect the asset values in SILP s investment portfolio. DME Advisors regularly monitors and re-positions SILP s investment portfolio to deal with the impact of inflation on its underlying investments, and holds macro positions to benefit from a rising inflationary environment. 
 
 73 

Link to Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We believe we are principally exposed to the following types of market risk: 
 equity price risk; commodity price risk; foreign currency risk; interest rate risk; credit risk; and political risk. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, our investments consisted primarily of an investment in SILP. Among SILP s holdings are equity securities, the carrying values of which are based primarily on quoted market prices. Generally, market prices of common equity securities are subject to fluctuation, which could cause the amount to be realized upon closing a position to differ significantly from its current reported value. This risk is partly mitigated by the presence of both long and short equity securities as part of our investment strategy. At December 31, 2022, a 10 decline in the price of each of the underlying listed equity securities and equity-based derivative instruments would result in an 8.1 million loss to our Investment Portfolio. 
 
 Computations of the prospective effects of hypothetical equity price changes are based on numerous assumptions, including the maintenance of the current composition of SILP s portfolio. The computations should not be relied on as indicative of future results. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Generally, market prices of commodities are subject to fluctuation. SILP s investments periodically include long or short investments in commodities or derivatives directly impacted by fluctuations in the prices of commodities. At December 31, 2022, SILP s investments incorporate unhedged exposure to changes in gold, silver, uranium, and crude oil prices. 
 The following table summarizes the net impact that a 10 increase and decrease in commodity prices would have on the value of our Investment Portfolio at December 31, 2022. The below table excludes the indirect effect that changes in commodity prices might have on equity securities in our Investment Portfolio. 
 10 increase in commodity prices 10 decrease in commodity prices Commodity Change in fair value Change in fair value in millions) Gold 3.6 (3.6) Silver 0.3 (0.3) Uranium 0.3 (0.3) Crude oil 0.2 (0.2) Total 4.4 (4.4) 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Certain of our reinsurance contracts are denominated in foreign currencies, whereby premiums are receivable and losses are payable in foreign currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate risk exists to the extent that our foreign currency reinsurance balances are more than (or less than) the corresponding foreign currency cash balances, and there is an increase (or decrease) in the exchange rate of that foreign currency. 
 
 While we do not seek to precisely match our liabilities under reinsurance policies that are payable in foreign currencies with investments denominated in such currencies, we continually monitor our exposure to potential foreign currency losses and may use foreign currency cash and cash equivalents or forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate against adverse foreign currency movements. 
 74 

Link to Table of Contents 

Certain cedents, particularly the Lloyd s syndicates, report to us in foreign currencies even though some or all of the underlying exposure is denominated in U.S. dollars . Our consolidated statements of operations may report a foreign exchange gain or loss associated with this exposure when reported by the cedents. Additionally, we may report foreign exchange gains or losses due to the mismatch between the currency exchange rates applied to foreign-denominated (i) monetary balances and (ii) non-monetary balances under U.S. GAAP. See Note 2 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our accounting treatment of foreign currency transactions. 
 
 We monitor our foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities on an underlying exposure basis without distinguishing between monetary and non-monetary balances. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our underlying exposure to GBP-denominated net reinsurance asset balance was 5.2 million. At December 31, 2022, a 10 decrease in the U.S. dollar against the GBP (all else constant) would result in an estimated 0.6 million foreign exchange gain. Alternatively, a 10 increase in the U.S. dollar against the GBP would result in an estimated 0.6 million foreign exchange loss. Similarly, at December 31, 2022, our net underlying exposure to Euro-denominated reinsurance liability balances was 10.5 million. At December 31, 2022, a 10 decrease in the U.S. dollar against the Euro (all else constant) would result in an estimated 1.1 million foreign exchange loss. Alternatively, a 10 increase in the U.S. dollar against the Euro would result in an estimated 1.1 million foreign exchange gain. 
 
 We may also be exposed to foreign currency risk through SILP s underlying cash, forwards, options, and investments in securities denominated in foreign currencies. At December 31, 2022, most of SILP s currency exposures resulting from foreign-denominated securities (longs and shorts) were reduced by offsetting cash balances denominated in the corresponding foreign currencies. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, a 10 increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies would have no meaningful impact on the value of our Investment Portfolio. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The primary market risk exposure for any debt instrument is interest rate risk. As interest rates rise, the fair value of a long fixed-income portfolio generally falls. Similarly, falling interest rates generally lead to increases in the fair value of fixed-income securities. Additionally, some derivative investments may be sensitive to interest rates, and their value may indirectly fluctuate with changes in interest rates. 
 
 The caption Reinsurance balances receivable in our consolidated balance sheets incorporates amounts held by cedents, including the Lloyd s syndicates in which we participate. These syndicates invest a portion of the premiums withheld in fixed-income and variable-yield securities, which expose us to interest rate risk. At December 31, 2022, a 100 basis points increase or decrease in interest rates would result in an estimated 2.2 million loss or gain, respectively, which would be recorded in our consolidated statements of operations under the captions Other income (expense). 
 
 Our restricted cash and cash equivalents earn interest at rates that generally follow the movements of the short-term U.S. Treasury rates. At December 31, 2022, a 100 basis points increase or decrease in U.S. Federal Funds Rate would result in approximately a 5.7 million increase or decrease, respectively, in our interest income on an annualized basis. 
 
 Our investment in SILP includes interest-rate sensitive securities, such as corporate and sovereign debt instruments and interest-rate options. At December 31, 2022, a 100 basis points increase or decrease in interest rates would result in a 4.4 million gain or a 4.9 million loss, respectively, to our Investment Portfolio. 
 
 We, along with DME Advisors, monitor the net exposure to interest rate risk and generally do not expect changes in interest rates to have a materially adverse impact on our operations. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 Credit risk relates to the uncertainty of a counterparty s ability to make timely payments in accordance with the terms of the instrument or contract. Our maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying value of our financial assets. We evaluate the financial condition of our business partners and clients relating to balances receivable under our reinsurance contracts, including premiums receivable, losses recoverable, and commission adjustments recoverable. We obtain collateral in the form of funds withheld, trusts, and letters of credit from our counterparties to mitigate this credit risk. We monitor our net exposure to each counterparty relative to the financial strength of our counterparties and assess the collectibility of these balances on a regular basis. See Note 2 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details on allowance for credit loss on reinsurance assets. 
 75 

Link to Table of Contents 

In addition, the securities, commodities, and cash in SILP s investment portfolio are held with several prime brokers and derivative counterparties, subjecting SILP, and indirectly us, to a significant concentration of credit risk. While we have no direct control over SILP, DME Advisors regularly monitors the concentration of credit risk with each counterparty and, if appropriate, transfers cash or securities between counterparties or requests collateral to diversify and mitigate this credit risk. 
 
 Political Risk 
 
 Through our assumed reinsurance contracts, we currently provide a limited amount of political risk insurance coverage. We do not expect this exposure to have a materially adverse impact on our underwriting results. 
 
 We are exposed to political risk to the extent that we underwrite business from entities located in foreign markets and to the extent that DME Advisors, on behalf of SILP and subject to our investment guidelines, trades securities listed on various U.S. and foreign exchanges and markets. The governments in any of these jurisdictions could impose restrictions, regulations, or other measures, which may have a material adverse impact on our underwriting operations and investment strategy. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - We could face unanticipated losses from political instability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Information with respect to this Item is set forth under Part IV Item 15. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act, the Company has evaluated, with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in such rules) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all frauds. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 
 
 Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 76 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to review its disclosure controls and procedures, including its internal controls over financial reporting, and may, from time to time, make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that the Company s systems evolve with its business. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. Our system contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 
 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Deloitte Ltd., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all 
 77 

Link to Table of Contents 

 material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Ltd. 
 ________________________ 
 
 Hamilton, Bermuda 
 March 8, 2023 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 This item is omitted because a definitive proxy statement containing such information will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information required by this item set forth in the proxy statement is incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 This item is omitted because a definitive proxy statement containing such information will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information required by this item set forth in the proxy statement is incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 This item is omitted because a definitive proxy statement containing such information will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information required by this item set forth in the proxy statement is incorporated by reference. 
 
 78 

Link to Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 This item is omitted because a definitive proxy statement containing such information will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information required by this item set forth in the proxy statement is incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 This item is omitted because a definitive proxy statement containing such information will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information required by this item set forth in the proxy statement is incorporated by reference. 
 79 

Link to Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K 
 Page (a)(1) Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on the consolidated financial statements) ; PCAOB ID# 
 F- 1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on the consolidated financial statements) ; .; PCAOB ID# 
 F- 3 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on the financial statements of Solasglas Investments, L P) ; ; PCAOB ID# 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F- 8 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F- 9 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules Schedule I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties 
 F- 50 
 Schedule II Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 F- 51 
 Schedule III Supplementary Insurance Information 
 F- 53 
 Schedule IV Supplementary Reinsurance Information 
 F- 53 
 (a)(3) The exhibits required to be filed by this Item 15. are set forth in the Exhibit Index accompanying this report. 
 The financial statements of Solasglas Investments, LP required by Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X are included in this filing as Exhibit 99.1. Schedules V and VI have been omitted as the information is provided in Note 7. Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves . 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 80 

Link to Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as revised by special resolution on July 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2008) . 
 4.1 Form of Specimen Certificate of Class A ordinary shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-139993) . 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of August 7, 2018, between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2018) . 
 4.3 Description of Registrant s Securities . 
 10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for Class A ordinary shares by and between the Registrant and each of the subscribers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-139993) . 
 10.2 (1) Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on September 9, 2020). 
 10.3 (1) Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-139993) . 
 10.4 Form of Shareholders Agreement, dated August 11, 2004, by and among the Registrant and each of the subscribers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-139993) . 
 10.5 Amendment No. 2 to Shareholders Agreement, dated and effective as of June 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company Form 8-K filed June 30, 2021). 
 10.6 Form of Deed of Indemnity between the Registrant and each of its directors and certain of its officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-139993) . 
 10.7 Service Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2007, between DME Advisors, LP and Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-139993) . 
 10.8 Letter of Credit Agreement, dated August 20, 2010, between Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Citibank Europe plc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2010) . 
 10.9 Master Reimbursement Agreement, dated August 20, 2010, between Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Citibank Europe plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2010) . 
 10.10 Reinsurance Deposit Agreement, dated August 20, 2010, between Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Citibank Europe plc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2010) . 
 10.11 (1) Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2022, by and among Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd, Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Simon Burton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022) . 
 10.12 (1) Employment Agreement by and between Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, DAC and Patrick O Brien dated February 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on Feb 20, 2018) . 
 10.13 (1) Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2019, by and between Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, DAC and Patrick O Brien (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2019). 
 10.14 Investment Advisory Agreement among DME Advisors, LP, and Solasglas Investments, LP, dated as of September 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2018) . 
 10.15 Participation Agreement among Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, Designated Activity Company, DME Advisors II, LLC and Solasglas Investments, LP, dated as of September 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2018) . 
 10.16 (1) Employment Agreement by and between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Neil Greenspan dated December 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2018) . 
 
 81 

Link to Table of Contents 

 10.17 (1) Amendment to Employment Agreement, entered into as of September 2, 2019, by and among Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd and Neil Greenspan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2020). 
 10.18 Collateral Assets Investment Management Agreement among DME Advisors, LP, Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland DAC dated January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019) . 
 10.19 (1) Stock Option Agreement by and between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and Simon Burton dated July 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019) . 
 10.20 (1) Stock Option Agreements by and between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and Leonard Goldberg dated April 3, 2017 and August 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019) . 
 10.21 (1) Restricted Stock Award Agreement by and between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and Simon Burton dated March 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019) . 
 10.22 (1) Employment Agreement among Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Laura Accurso dated October 1, 2017, as amended February 18, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019) . 
 10.23 (1) Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2019, by and among Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Laura Accurso (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2019). 
 10.24 (1) Third Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2020, by and among Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Laura Accurso (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 5, 2020). 
 10.25 (1) Deed of Settlement and Release, dated as of October 25, 2022, by and among Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Laura Accurso (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed October 25, 2022) . 
 10.26 (1) Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2022, by and among Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Laura Accurso (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed October 25, 2022) . 
 10.27 (1) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement by and between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and Patrick O Brien dated March 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019) . 
 10.28 (1) Restricted Stock Award Agreement by and between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and Simon Burton, dated March 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2019) . 
 10.29 (1) Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. Form of Employees Restricted Stock Unit Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of the Company s Registration Statement No 333-231214 filed on May 3, 2019). 
 10.30 Second Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Solasglas Investments, LP, between DME Advisors II, LLC, as General Partner, Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, a Designated Activity Company, Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and the initial limited partner, dated as of January 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 12, 2021). 
 10.31 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 15, 2022, to the Second Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of Solasglas Investments, LP, between DME Advisors II, LLC, as General Partner, Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd., Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, Designated Activity Company, Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and the initial limited partner, dated as of January 7, 2021 and effective as of January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2022) . 
 10.32 (1) Employment Offer, dated March 23, 2009, by and between Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Tom Curnock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2020). 
 10.33 (1) Amendment to Employment Offer entered into as of October 31, 2018 by and between Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Tom Curnock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2020). 
 10.34 (1) Second Amendment to Employment Offer entered into September 10, 2019, by and between Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. and Tom Curnock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2020). 
 10.35 (1) Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated July 30, 2020, by and between Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd and Simon Burton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 5, 2020). 
 
 82 

Link to Table of Contents 

 10.36 Letter Agreement between Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd, Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, DAC, DME Advisors II, LLC and DME Advisors LP, effective July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2020). 
 10.37 Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. Share Ownership and Retention Policy for Executives and Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed August 3, 2021) 
 10.38 (1) Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd., Short-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2021) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Ltd. 
 23.2 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 
 23.3 Consent of Ernst Young Ltd. 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. filed herewith pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. filed herewith pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. furnished herewith pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. furnished herewith pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Audited Financial Statements of Solasglas Investments, LP as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (1) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Exhibit 99.1 is being filed to provide audited financial statements and the related footnotes of Solasglas Investments, LP in accordance with SEC rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X. The management of Solasglas Investments, LP is solely responsible for the form and content of the Solasglas Investments LP financial statements. The Registrant has no responsibility for the form or content of the Solasglas Investments, LP financial statements since it does not control Solasglas Investments, LP. 

83 

Link to Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. By: /s/ Simon Burton Simon Burton Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 /s/ DAVID M. EINHORN /s/ LEONARD GOLDBERG David M. Einhorn Director Leonard Goldberg Director March 8, 2023 March 8, 2023 /s/ URSULINE FOLEY /s/ BRYAN MURPHY Ursuline Foley Director Bryan Murphy Director March 8, 2023 March 8, 2023 /s/ IAN ISAACS /s/ VICTORIA GUEST Ian Isaacs Director Victoria Guest Director March 8, 2023 March 8, 2023 /s/ NEIL GREENSPAN /s/ JOHNNY FERRARI Neil Greenspan Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) Johnny Ferrari Director March 8, 2023 March 8, 2023 /s/ SIMON BURTON /s/ JOSEPH PLATT Simon Burton Director and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Joseph Platt Director March 8, 2023 March 8, 2023 
 84 

Link to Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statement of operations , changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 We did not audit the financial statements of Solasglas Investments, LP, an equity method investment of the Company, as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s investment in Solasglas Investments, LP as of December 31, 2022 was 178.2 million, and its equity in net income of Solasglas Investments, LP was 54.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The financial statements of Solasglas Investments, LP were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for Solasglas Investments, LP, is based solely on the report of the other auditors. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves - Refer to Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s estimate of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves is derived using expected trends in claim severity and frequency and other factors that may vary significantly as claims are settled. The estimate is sensitive to significant assumptions, including the initial expected loss ratio and loss development factors. The estimate is also sensitive to the selection of actuarial methods and weighting of these methods applied to project the ultimate losses, the estimation of ultimate reserves associated with catastrophic events, and other factors. Further, not all catastrophic events can be modeled using traditional actuarial methodologies, which increases the degree of judgment needed in estimating loss reserves for such events. 
 
 Auditing the Company s methods, assumptions and best estimate of the cost of the ultimate settlement and administration of claims represented by the incurred but not reported ("IBNR") claims included in recorded Loss and loss adjustment expense 
 F-1 

Link to Table of Contents 

 reserves involved especially subjective auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of our actuarial specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to loss and loss adjustment expense reserves included the following, among others 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the recorded loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, including the review and approval process that management has in place for significant actuarial methods and assumptions used and the approval of management s best estimate of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data that served as the basis for the Company s actuarial analysis, including historical claims data, to test the reasonableness of key inputs to the actuarial estimate. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists: 
 We independently developed an estimate of the reserves for selected contracts, compared our estimates to those booked by the Company, and evaluated the differences. 
 We evaluated the Company s methodologies against recognized actuarial practices for the remaining contracts. We also evaluated the assumptions used by the Company using our industry knowledge and experience and other analytical procedures. 
 We compared the results of the quarterly reserve studies prepared by independent external actuaries to management s best estimate and evaluated the differences. 

/s/ Deloitte Ltd. 
 _____________________________ 

March 8, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022. 

F-2 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. 
 Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We did not audit the financial statements of Solasglas Investments, LP, an equity method investment of the Company, as of December 31, 2021, and for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021. The Company s investment in Solasglas Investments, LP as of December 31, 2021 was 183.6 million, and its equity in net income of Solasglas Investments, LP was 18.1 million and 4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The financial statements of Solasglas Investments, LP were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for Solasglas Investments, LP, is based solely on the report of the other auditors. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP. 
 We have served as the Company's auditor from 2006 to 2022 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan, U.S.A. 
 March 8, 2022 

F-3 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The General Partner 
 Solasglas Investments, LP 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets, liabilities and partners capital of Solasglas Investments, LP (the Partnership ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in partners capital and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its partners capital and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis of Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Ernst Young Ltd. 

We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2018. 
 Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 
 March 8, 2023 

F-4 

Link to Table of Contents 

 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share and share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investments Investment in related party investment fund Other investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance balances receivable (net of allowance for expected credit losses of and 
 Loss and loss adjustment expenses recoverable (net of allowance for expected credit losses of and 
 Deferred acquisition costs Unearned premiums ceded Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Liabilities Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Unearned premium reserves Reinsurance balances payable Funds withheld Other liabilities Convertible senior notes payable Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) Shareholders' equity Preferred share capital (par value ; authorized, ; issued) 
 Ordinary share capital (Class A: par value ; authorized, ; issued and outstanding, (2021: ): Class B: par value ; authorized, ; issued and outstanding, (2021: )) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (deficit) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an 
 integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Link to Table of Contents 

GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share and share amounts) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Gross premiums written Gross premiums ceded ) ) ) Net premiums written Change in net unearned premium reserves ) ) ) Net premiums earned Income (loss) from investment in related party investment fund (net of related party expenses of , , and , respectively) 
 Net investment income (loss) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total revenues Expenses Net loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred Acquisition costs General and administrative expenses Deposit interest expense Interest expense Total expenses Income (loss) before income tax Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) Earnings (loss) per share (Class A and Class B) (Note 2) Basic Diluted Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the determination of earnings and loss per share (Note 2) Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an 
 integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-6 

Link to Table of Contents 

 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Ordinary share capital Balance - beginning of period Issue of Class A ordinary shares, net of forfeitures Repurchase of Class A ordinary shares ) ) ) Balance - end of period Additional paid-in capital Balance - beginning of period Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting guidance for convertible debt at January 1, 2022 ) Repurchase of Class A ordinary shares ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance - end of period Retained earnings (deficit) Balance - beginning of period ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting guidance for convertible debt at January 1, 2022 Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting guidance for expected credit losses at January 1, 2020 ) Net income (loss) Balance - end of period ) ) Total shareholders' equity 

The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an 
 integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-7 

Link to Table of Contents 

 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income or loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Loss (income) from investments in related party investment fund ) ) ) Net realized gain on repurchase of convertible senior notes payable ) Loss (income) from investment accounted for under the equity method ) Net change in unrealized gains and losses on investments and notes receivable ) ) ) Net realized (gains) losses on investments and notes receivable ) Foreign exchange (gains) losses Current expected credit losses recognized on notes receivable and reinsurance assets ) Share-based compensation expense Amortization and interest expense, net of change in accruals Depreciation expense Net change in Reinsurance balances receivable ) ) ) Loss and loss adjustment expenses recoverable ) Deferred acquisition costs ) ) ) Unearned premiums ceded ) ) Other assets, excluding depreciation ) ) ) Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Unearned premium reserves Reinsurance balances payable ) ) Funds withheld ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities Proceeds from redemptions from related party investment fund Contributions to related party investment fund ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of investments Change in notes receivable Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Financing activities Repurchases of convertible senior notes payable ) Repurchase of Class A ordinary shares ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period Supplementary information Interest paid in cash Income tax paid in cash 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an 
 integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Link to Table of Contents 

 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

1. 

2. 

F-9 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

million (December 31, 2021: million). Such amounts include premiums withheld by Lloyd s syndicates and funds contributed by the Company to Lloyd's as security for members underwriting activities. The Lloyd s syndicates invest a portion of the premiums withheld in investment funds and fixed-maturity securities. The Company records its share of income (or expense) from these assets, when reported by the syndicates, in its consolidated statements of operations under the caption Other income (expense). 

F-10 

Link to Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, million of profit commission reserves were recoverable, net of profit commissions payable (December 31, 2021: million). For the year ended December 31, 2022, net profit commission expense (income) of million, (2021: million, 2020: ) million) was included in the caption Acquisition costs in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

F-11 

Link to Table of Contents 

F-12 

Link to Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded an allowance for expected credit loss on its Reinsurance Assets of million (December 31, 2021, million). 
 
 At December 31, 2022, deposit assets and liabilities were million and million, respectively (December 31, 2021: million and million, respectively). 
 Deposit interest expense ) ) Deposit interest income (expense), net ) ) 

F-13 

Link to Table of Contents 

 forfeiture rate to restricted shares granted to directors, which vest over a maximum period. 
 
 Determining the fair value of share purchase options at the grant date requires significant estimation and judgment. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to assist in the calculation of fair value for share purchase options. The model requires estimating various inputs such as the term, forfeiture and dividend rates, and expected volatility. In determining the grant date fair value, the Company uses the entire life of the options as the estimated term and assumes no forfeitures and dividends paid during the life of the options. The Company bases its estimate of expected volatility on the daily historical trading data of the Company s Class A ordinary shares from the date they commenced trading (May 24, 2007) to the grant date. 
 
 For share purchase options issued under the employee stock incentive plan, the compensation cost is calculated and recognized over the vesting periods on a graded vesting basis (see Note 11). 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, ) million, ) million, and million, respectively, of foreign exchange gains (losses) were included in the Company s net income in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F-14 

Link to Table of Contents 

F-15 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Add: interest on convertible notes Less: gain on debt repurchases ) Net income (loss) - diluted Denominator for earnings per share Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive employee and director share-based awards Shares potentially issuable in connection with convertible notes Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Anti-dilutive stock options outstanding Earnings (loss) per share (Class A and Class B) Basic Diluted 

operating segment, Property and Casualty Reinsurance. 

F-16 

Link to Table of Contents 

 million, with a corresponding increase in the carrying value of the senior convertible notes (see Note 9). The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have a material impact on the Company s net income, cash flows, or any other balances. 

3. 
), and the General Partner will designate any portion of a Partner s Investment Portfolio as Designated Securities to effectuate such limit. Effective January 1, 2023, the Investment Cap was amended to . 
 
 The Company has concluded that SILP qualifies as a variable interest entity VIE under U.S. GAAP. In assessing its interest in SILP, the Company noted the following: 
 
 DME II serves as SILP s general partner and has the power to appoint the investment manager. The Company does not have the power to appoint, change or replace the investment manager or the general partner except for cause. Neither of the GLRE Limited Partners can participate in the investment decisions of SILP as long as SILP adheres to the investment guidelines provided within the SILP LPA. For these reasons, the GLRE Limited Partners are not considered to have substantive participating rights or kick-out rights. 
 
 DME II holds an interest in excess of 10 of SILP s net assets, which the Company considers to represent an obligation to absorb losses and a right to receive benefits of SILP that are significant to SILP. 
 
 F-17 

Link to Table of Contents 

 million (December 31, 2021: million), representing (December 31, 2021: of SILP s total net assets. DME II held the remaining (December 31, 2021: of SILP s total net assets. The investment in SILP is recorded at the GLRE Limited Partners share of the net asset value of SILP as reported by SILP s third-party administrator. The GLRE Limited Partners can redeem their assets from SILP for operational purposes by providing business days notice to DME II. At December 31, 2022, the majority of SILP s long investments were composed of cash and publicly-traded equity securities, which could be readily liquidated to meet the GLRE Limited Partners redemption requests. 
 
 The Company s share of the change in the net asset value of SILP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively, and shown in the caption Income (loss) from investment in related party investment fund in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 of the Company s total shareholders equity, with a fair value of million (December 31, 2021: million), representing (December 31, 2021: ), of total shareholders equity. 

Derivative contracts, at fair value Due from brokers Interest and dividends receivable Total assets Liabilities and partners capital Liabilities Investments sold short, at fair value ) ) Derivative contracts, at fair value ) ) Due to brokers ) Capital withdrawals payable ) ) Interest and dividends payable ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total liabilities ) ) Net Assets GLRE Limited Partners share of Net Assets 

F-18 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Interest income Total Investment income Expenses Management fee ) ) ) Interest ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Professional fees and other ) ) ) Total expenses ) ) ) Net investment income (loss) ) ) ) Realized and change in unrealized gains (losses) Net realized gain (loss) ) ) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Net gain (loss) on investment transactions Net income (loss) GLRE Limited Partners share of net income (loss) (1) 

1 Net income (loss) is net of management fees and performance allocation presented below: 
 
 Year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Management fees Performance allocation Total 
 
 See Note 14 for further details on management fees and performance allocation. 

4. 
 
 F-19 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Gross realized losses ) Net realized gains (losses) ) Change in unrealized gains and losses 
 
 Investments 
 
 Other I nvestments 
 
 The Company s Other investments are composed of the following: 
 
 Private investments, unlisted equities, and debt and convertible debt instruments, which consist primarily of Innovations-related investments supporting technology innovators in the (re)insurance market; and 
 Certificates of deposit with original maturities greater than three months. 
 
 ) Debt and convertible debt securities Certificates of deposit Total other investments ) 
 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company included the following securities in the caption Other investments : 
 Cost Unrealized gains Unrealized losses Fair value / carrying value in thousands) Private investments and unlisted equities ) Derivative financial instruments (not designated as hedging instruments) Total other investments ) 
 
 At December 31, 2021, Company s derivative financial instruments were composed of warrants granting the Company the right, but not the obligation, to purchase shares at a specified price on or before the maturity date. The Company has not designated any of its derivative financial instruments as hedging instruments. The Company s maximum exposure to loss relating to these warrants is limited to the warrants carrying amount. 
 
 Private investments and unlisted equity securities without readily determinable fair values 
 
 The Company measures its private investments and unlisted equity securities without readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment (if any), plus or minus observable price changes from identical or similar investments of the same issuers (the measurement alternative ), with such changes recognized in the caption Net investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company considers the need for impairment on a by-investment basis based on certain indicators. Under the measurement alternative, the Company makes two types of valuation adjustments: 
 
 When the Company observes an orderly transaction of an investee s identical or similar equity securities, the Company adjusts the carrying value based on the observable price as of the transaction date. Once the Company 
 F-20 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Upward carrying value changes (2) 
 Downward carrying value changes and impairment (3) 
 ) ) ) 
 
 (1) The period-end carrying values reflect cumulative purchases and sales in addition to upward and downward carrying value changes. 
 (2) The cumulative upward carrying value changes from inception to December 31, 2022, totaled million. 
 (3) The cumulative downward carrying value changes and impairments from inception to December 31, 2022, totaled million. 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received in an asset sale or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between unaffiliated market participants. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are categorized based on the extent to which the inputs are observable in the market. The categorization of financial instruments within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy is prioritized into three levels (with Level 3 being the lowest) defined as follows: 
 
 Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access. Level 2: Observable inputs other than prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated with observable market data. Level 3: Unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity and significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities. The term unobservable inputs includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, and similar techniques. 
 
 Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 
 At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company held million and million, respectively, of private investments and unlisted equities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company held million and million, respectively, of private investments and unlisted equities measured at cost. 
 F-21 

Link to Table of Contents 

5. 

6. 

Cash collateral relating to letters of credit issued Total restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 

7. 
 
 F-22 

Link to Table of Contents 

 million from the Russian-Ukrainian conflict and million from Hurricane Ian. Additional information the Company considered in estimating its loss reserves included the following: 
 
 a review of in-force treaties that may provide coverage and incur losses; 
 catastrophe and scenario modeling analyses and results shared by cedents; 
 preliminary loss estimates received from clients, brokers, and loss adjusters; 
 reviews of industry insured loss estimates and market share analyses; and 
 management s judgment. 
 
 The Company s Russian-Ukrainian conflict loss estimates include actuarial assumptions, including: 
 
 the areas within the affected regions that have incurred losses; 
 the scope of coverage provided by the underlying policies; 
 the interpretation of contract terms; 
 the determination of loss-triggering events; 
 regulatory, legislative, and judicial actions that could influence contract interpretations across the insurance industry; and 
 the ability of the cedents and insured to mitigate some or all of their losses. 
 
 Due to the uncertainty associated with the foregoing assumptions, the Company s loss estimates are subject to significant variability, and actual losses may ultimately differ materially from the Company's current estimates. The Company will evaluate its assumptions as new information becomes available and may adjust its loss estimates in future periods. Such adjustments may be material to the Company's results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, if the Russian-Ukrainian conflict is prolonged, the Company may incur additional losses in subsequent periods. 
 
 IBNR Total 
 F-23 

Link to Table of Contents 

Less: Losses recoverable ) ) ) Net balance at January 1 Incurred losses related to: Current year Prior years ) Total incurred Paid losses related to: Current year ) ) ) Prior years ) ) ) Total paid ) ) ) Foreign currency revaluation ) ) Net balance at December 31 Add: Losses recoverable Gross balance at December 31 
 
 Loss development 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company experienced million in net adverse development on prior year loss and LAE reserves. This net adverse development resulted primarily from the following: 
 
 million of adverse development on motor and health business attributed to inflation-driven increases in claims costs; 
 million of adverse development on multi-line business driven by worse than expected claims experience on whole account contracts written from 2014-2018; 
 million of adverse development on professional liability contracts written from 2014 to 2017; 
 million of adverse development on workers compensation contracts driven by poor claims experience across several states in the U.S.; and 
 million of adverse development on general liability contracts due to reported claims being settled above expected levels. 
 
 The adverse developments were partially offset by favorable developments relating to prior accident years primarily due to the following: 
 
 million of favorable experience on mortgage business. On a financial-impact basis, the favorable loss development on these contracts was offset by increased profit commissions, which are included in the caption Acquisition costs in the Company s consolidated statements of operations; 
 million of favorable development on multi-line business driven primarily by a loss portfolio transfer on a whole account contract and better than anticipated claims experience on a combined workers compensation and commercial packages account across multiple years; and 
 million of loss reserves released relating to catastrophe events, COVID-19, and property covers based on updated claims reporting received from cedents. 
 
 F-24 

Link to Table of Contents 

 million in net favorable development on prior year loss and LAE reserves. This net favorable development resulted primarily from the following: 
 
 million of better-than-expected claims reporting on motor contracts, primarily relating to contracts that incepted in 2015 and 2016; 
 million favorable loss development on various specialty lines of business, including crop, space, and marine and energy, as actual losses reported were better than expected; 
 million of favorable loss development on mortgage contracts resulting from lower delinquencies and fewer reported claims than initially anticipated. On a financial-impact basis, the favorable loss development on these contracts was offset by increased profit commissions, which are included in the caption Acquisition costs in the Company s consolidated statements of operations; and 
 million favorable loss development on a multi-line contract that incepted in 2019. 
 
 The favorable developments were partially offset by adverse developments relating to prior accident years primarily due to the following: 
 
 million of adverse development on multi-line casualty contracts primarily relating to contracts that incepted in 2014 and 2015, resulting from unfavorable development in reported claims; 
 million of adverse development on a general liability contract resulting from unfavorable development in reported claims; and 
 million of adverse development on workers compensation contracts resulting from higher than anticipated losses. 
 
 The remaining development on prior year loss and LAE reserves recognized in 2021 related to several smaller adjustments made across various lines of business. 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company experienced million in net adverse development on prior year loss and LAE reserves. This net adverse development resulted primarily from the following: 
 
 million of adverse loss development on multi-line contracts that incepted from 2015 to 2018, resulting from unfavorable development in reported claims; 
 million of adverse loss development on general liability contracts, primarily relating to unfavorable development in reported claims on a contract that incepted in 2019; 
 million of adverse loss development on specialty health contracts primarily arising from a few large medical claims reported on a contract that incepted in 2019; and 
 million of adverse loss development on motor contracts relating to the 2018 and 2019 treaty years, partially offset by favorable loss development on contracts that incepted from 2015 to 2017. 
 
 The adverse developments were partially offset by favorable developments relating to prior accident years primarily due to the following: 
 million of favorable development on property contracts primarily resulting from lower than anticipated losses relating to the 2017 and 2018 catastrophe events, partially offset by adverse loss development on 2019 contracts; 
 million of favorable loss development on solicitors professional indemnity contracts resulting primarily from lower than expected claims on prior accident years. 
 million of favorable loss development on a professional liability contract relating to a contract that incepted in 2008 where the reported claims have been lower than those previously anticipated. 
 
 F-25 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Less: Losses recoverable Net balance at January 1 Incurred losses related to: Current year Prior years ) Total incurred Paid losses related to: Current year ) ) ) Prior years ) ) ) Total paid ) ) ) Foreign currency revaluation Net balance at December 31 Add: Losses recoverable Gross balance at December 31 

Disclosures about Short-Duration Contracts 
 
 The Company has operating segment, Property Casualty Reinsurance, and categorizes its business as Property, Casualty, and Other. The Company s loss development tables presented below have been disaggregated by lines of business for the years ended from December 31, 2013, through 2022. 
 
 For purposes of the loss development tables, the property business has been further disaggregated into "Property" and "Motor - Physical Damage." The casualty category has been disaggregated into "General Liability," "Motor Liability," "Professional Liability," and "Workers' Compensation." Contracts that cover more than one line of business, including Lloyd s business, are grouped as "Multi-line." In addition, the incurred and paid claims relating to accident and health business have been presented separately as "Health." Other specialty business, including aviation, crop, cyber, energy, and marine, which are individually insignificant to our overall business, have been grouped as "Other." As the Company s financial lines business has grown recently, the Company has elected to present the loss development table for financial business separately. During 2022, the Company revised its line-of-business allocation for certain contracts and disaggregated the Financial line from the Other loss development table. As a result, the historical incurred and paid claims development presented in the tables below differ from those disclosed in previously issued financial statements. Conforming changes were also made to the table above presenting t he changes in the outstanding loss and loss adjustment expense reserves for health claims for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020. The amounts shown in the caption Net loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and the allocation between Current year and Prior years are unaffected by these revisions. 
 
 For each category, the following tables present the incurred and paid claims development at December 31, 2022, net of retrocession, and the total of incurred but not reported liabilities plus expected development on reported claims included within the net incurred claims amount. Health claims have been disaggregated and presented separately. 
 
 F-26 

Link to Table of Contents 

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Health Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Health) 
 
 F-27 

Link to Table of Contents 

 ) ) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Multiline Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 ) ) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Multiline) 
 
 F-28 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 General Liability Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (General Liability) 
 
 F-29 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Motor Casualty Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Motor Casualty) 
 
 F-30 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Motor Property Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Motor Property) 

F-31 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Property Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Property) 
 
 F-32 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Professional Liability Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Professional Liability) 
 
 F-33 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Workers' Compensation Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Workers' Compensation) 

F-34 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 ) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Financial Lines Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 ) ) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Other) 

F-35 

Link to Table of Contents 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Other Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance For the years ended December 31, Accident year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Unaudited - Supplementary Information) in thousands) 2013 ) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance (Other) 
 
 For incurred and paid claims denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, the above tables are presented using the foreign exchange rate in effect at the current year-end date. As a result, all prior year information has been restated to reflect December 31, 2022, foreign exchange rates. This treatment prevents changes in foreign currency exchange rates from distorting the claims development between the years presented. 
 
 F-36 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Multiline General Liability Motor Casualty Motor Property Property Professional Liability Workers' Compensation Financial Lines Other Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance Add: Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims Add: Unallocated claims adjustment expenses Add: Allowance for credit losses Total gross liabilities for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expense 
 
 F-37 

Link to Table of Contents 

 General Liability Motor Casualty Motor Property Property Professional Liability Workers' Compensation Financial Lines Other 
 
 The historical annual percentage payout pattern for health claims is excluded from the table above because health claims have short settlement periods, and including it would skew the results presented. 

8. 
 million (2021: and 2020: million). For the year ended December 31, 2022, loss and loss adjustment expenses recovered and changes in losses recoverable were million (2021: million and 2020: million). 
 
 Retrocession contracts do not relieve the Company from its obligations to its cedents. Failure of retrocessionaires to honor their obligations could result in losses to the Company. At December 31, 2022, the Company s loss reserves recoverable of million (December 31, 2021: million) consisted of (i) million (December 31, 2021: million) recoverable from unrated retrocessionaires, of which million (December 31, 2021: million) were secured by cash, letters of credit and collateral held in trust accounts for the benefit of the Company and (ii) million (December 31, 2021: million) recoverable from retrocessionaires rated A- or above by A.M. Best. 
 
 The Company regularly evaluates its net credit exposure to assess the ability of the retrocessionaires to honor their respective obligations. At December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded an allowance for expected credit losses of million (December 31, 2021: million). 

9. 
 
 million of senior unsecured convertible notes (the Notes ), which mature on August 1, 2023. The Notes bear interest at , payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning February 1, 2019. 
 
 Noteholders have the option, under certain conditions, to redeem the Notes prior to maturity. At December 31, 2022, the Company s share price was lower than the conversion price of per share. 
 F-38 

Link to Table of Contents 

 . The Company incurred issuance costs in connection with the issuance of the Notes. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized portion of these costs was million (December 31, 2021: million), which the Company expects to amortize through the maturity date. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and canceled million of the Notes. The carrying value of the Notes outstanding at December 31, 2022, including accrued interest of million, was million (December 31, 2021: million). At December 31, 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of the Notes (excluding accrued interest) to be million (December 31, 2021: million) (see Note 4 Financial Instruments). 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized interest expenses of million (2021: million; 2020: million), which included the interest coupon and the amortization of issuance costs. The comparative amounts for 2021 and 2020 also included the amortization of the discount. 
 
 The Company was in compliance with all covenants relating to the Notes at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a remaining obligation for interest and principal payments of million during 2023. 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and canceled million of the Notes. 

10. 
 
 preferred shares were issued or outstanding. 
 
 The Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as revised by special resolution on July 10, 2008 (the Articles ), provide that the holders of Class A ordinary shares generally are entitled to vote per share. However, except upon unanimous consent of the Board of Directors, no Class A shareholder is permitted to vote a number of shares that would cause any United States person to own (directly, indirectly, or constructively under applicable United States tax attribution and constructive ownership rules) or more of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding ordinary shares. The Articles further provide that the holders of Class B ordinary shares generally are entitled to votes per share. However, holders of Class B ordinary shares, together with their affiliates, are limited to voting that number of Class B ordinary shares equal to of the total voting power of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares. 
 
 Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, dated August 11, 2004, by and among the Company and certain of its shareholders (the Shareholders Agreement ), the holders of at least of the outstanding Registrable Securities (as defined in the Shareholders Agreement), may, subject to certain conditions, request to have all or part of their Registrable Securities to be registered. The Shareholders Agreement requires, among other things, that the Company use its commercially reasonable best efforts to have a registration statement covering such Registrable Securities to be declared effective. The registration rights granted pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement are not deemed to be liabilities; therefore, there has been no recognition in the Company s consolidated financial statements of the registration rights granted pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has an effective Form S-3 registration statement on file with the SEC for an aggregate principal amount of million in securities. 
 
 Under the Company s stock incentive plan, the number of Class A ordinary shares authorized for issuance is million shares. At December 31, 2022, (December 31, 2021: Class A ordinary shares remained available for future issuance under the Company s stock incentive plan. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors administers the stock incentive plan. 
 
 F-39 

Link to Table of Contents 

 million of Class A ordinary shares or securities convertible into Class A ordinary shares in the open market through privately negotiated transactions or Rule 10b5-1 stock trading plans. The Company is not required to repurchase any of the Class A ordinary shares. The repurchase plan may be modified, suspended, or terminated at the election of our Board of Directors at any time without prior notice. 
 
 The Company repurchased Class A ordinary shares at an average price of per share during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: at an average price of per share). All Class A ordinary shares repurchased are canceled immediately upon repurchase. 
 
 Issue of ordinary shares, net of forfeitures Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Balance end of year 
 
 Additional paid-in capital includes the premium per share paid by the subscribing shareholders for Class A and B ordinary shares, which have a par value of each. It also includes the earned portion of the grant-date fair value of share-based awards that have not yet vested. 
 
 Statutory Capital and Surplus 
 
 Greenlight Re is subject to the Cayman Islands Insurance (Capital and Solvency) (Classes B, C, and D Insurers) Regulations, (2018 Revision) (the Insurance Regulations ). The Insurance Regulations impose a Minimum Capital Requirement MCR of million and a Prescribed Capital Requirement PCR on Greenlight Re which was million at December 31, 2022 (2021: million). At December 31, 2022, Greenlight Re s statutory capital and surplus of million exceeded the MCR and PCR. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, Greenlight Re s net income was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Greenlight Re is not required to prepare separate statutory financial statements for filing with CIMA. There were no material differences between Greenlight Re s GAAP capital, surplus, and net income and its statutory capital, surplus, and net income at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company was not restricted from payment of dividends to the Company s shareholders. However, since most of the Company s capital and retained earnings are invested in its subsidiaries, a dividend from one or more of the Company s subsidiaries would likely be required to fund a dividend to the Company s shareholders. Any dividends declared and paid from Greenlight Re to the Company would require CIMA s approval. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of dividends (2021: million, 2020: million) were declared or paid by Greenlight Re to the Company. The dividends were approved by CIMA and resulted in the return of additional share capital to the Company. The dividends were used primarily to repurchase the Company s Notes and pay interest on them. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of Greenlight Re s capital and surplus was available for distribution as dividends. 
 
 GRIL is obligated to maintain a minimum level of statutory capital. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, GRIL met such requirements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, GRIL s statutory capital was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, GRIL s statutory minimum capital required under Solvency II was approximately million (2021: million). GRIL s statutory net income (loss) was million, million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The amount of dividends that GRIL is permitted to distribute is limited to its retained earnings. The Central Bank of Ireland has powers to intervene if a dividend payment were to breach regulatory capital requirements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, of GRIL s capital and surplus was available for distribution as dividends. 
 
 F-40 

Link to Table of Contents 

 11. 
 
 (2021: , 2020: restricted Class A ordinary shares as part of their remuneration for services to the Company. These restricted shares contain similar restrictions to those issued to employees. They will vest on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the date of the share issuance and (ii) the Company s next annual general meeting, subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company. During the vesting period, non-employee directors holding these restricted shares retain voting rights and are entitled to any dividends declared by the Company. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued (2021: , 2020: Class A ordinary shares to employees pursuant to the Company s stock incentive plan. The restricted shares granted to employees in 2022 include (i) restricted shares with both performance and service-based vesting conditions Performance RSs and (ii) restricted shares with only service-based vesting conditions Service RSs ). The Service RSs vest evenly each year on January 1, subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company. If performance goals are achieved, the Performance RSs will cliff vest at the end of a performance period within a range of and of the awarded Performance RSs, with a target of . During the vesting period, the holder of the Service RSs and Performance RSs retains voting rights but is entitled to any dividends declared by the Company only upon vesting. 
 
 Prior to fiscal year 2022, the restricted shares granted to employees cliff vested after the date of issuance, subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company. During the vesting period, the holder of the restricted shares retains voting rights and is entitled to any dividends declared by the Company. 
 
 Prior to fiscal year 2021, the Company issued Class A ordinary shares to the Chief Executive Officer CEO pursuant to the Company s stock incentive plan CEO RSs ). These shares contain performance and service conditions and certain restrictions relating to, among other things, vesting, forfeiture in the event of termination of the CEO s employment, and transferability. The CEO RSs cliff vest after the date of issuance, subject to the performance condition being met and the CEO s continued service with the Company. At December 31, 2022, there were non-vested CEO RSs with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. As the performance conditions associated with these restricted shares have not been met, the Company recognized compensation cost relating to the unvested CEO RSs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense associated with Performance RSs and Service RSs based on the fair value of the Company's Class A ordinary shares measured at the grant date. For Service RSs, the Company recognizes this expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For Performance RSs, the Company recognizes the associated compensation expense based on achieving established performance criteria during the performance period. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, grantees forfeited (2021: , 2020: restricted shares. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed a nominal amount of stock compensation expense (2021: million, 2020: million) in relation to the forfeited restricted shares. 
 
 The Company recorded million of share-based compensation expense, net of forfeiture reversals, relating to restricted shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: million, 2020: million). At December 31, 2022, there was million (2021: million, 2020: million) of unrecognized compensation cost relating to non-vested restricted shares (excluding CEO RSs), which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of years (2021: years, 2020: years). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total fair value of restricted shares vested was million (2021: million, 2020: million). 
 
 F-41 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Employee Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company issues RSUs to certain employees as part of the stock incentive plan. Such RSUs contain restrictions relating to vesting, forfeiture in the event of termination of employment, transferability, and other matters. On the vesting date, the Company converts each RSU into Class A ordinary share and issues new Class A ordinary shares from the shares authorized for issuance as part of the Company s stock incentive plan. 
 
 The RSUs granted to employees in 2022 include (i) RSUs with both performance and service-based vesting conditions Performance RSUs and (ii) RSUs with only service-based vesting conditions Service RSUs ). The Service RSUs vest evenly each year on January 1, subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company. If performance goals are achieved, the Performance RSUs will cliff vest at the end of a performance period within a range of and of the awarded Performance RSUs, with a target of . 
 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense associated with Performance RSUs and Service RSUs based on the fair value of the Company's Class A ordinary shares measured at the grant date. For Service RSUs, the Company recognizes this expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For Performance RSUs, the Company recognizes the associated compensation expense based on achieving established performance criteria during the performance period. 
 
 Prior to 2022, the RSUs issued to employees cliff vested after the date of issuance, subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued (2021: , 2020: RSUs to employees pursuant to the Company s stock incentive plan. For the year ended December 31, 2022, RSUs were forfeited (2021: ; 2020: ). 
 
 The Company recorded million of share-based compensation expense relating to RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: million, 2020: million). At December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs not yet recognized was million (2021: million), which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of years (2021: years). 
 
 F-42 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Employee and Director Stock Options 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, Class A ordinary share purchase options were granted or exercised by directors or employees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, (2021: Class A ordinary share purchase options expired, and (2021: stock options vested. When the Company grants stock options, it reduces the corresponding number from the shares authorized for issuance as part of the Company s stock incentive plan. 
 
 The Board of Directors does not currently anticipate that the Company will declare any dividends during the expected term of the options. The Company uses graded vesting for expensing employee stock options. The total compensation cost expensed relating to stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022, was million (2021: million, 2020: million). At December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to non-vested options not yet recognized was million (2021: million), which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years (2021: years), assuming the grantee completes the service period for vesting of the options. 
 
 years Expired ) Balance at December 31, 2020 years Expired ) Balance at December 31, 2021 years Expired ) Balance at December 31, 2022 years 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price Weighted-average remaining contractual term Intrinsic value in millions) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, (2021: , 2020: options vested. They had a weighted average grant date fair value of (2021: , 2020: ). 
 F-43 

Link to Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively. 

12. 
 
 Change in unrealized gains and losses Investment-related foreign exchange gains (losses) ) ) Interest, dividend, and other expenses ) ) ) Realized gains (losses) ) Income (loss) from equity method investment Net investment-related income (loss) Income (loss) from investments in related party investment fund Total investment income (loss) 
 
 Income (loss) from investments in related party investment fund reflects the equity in earnings (loss) of SILP (see Note 3). 
 
 million (2021: million, 2020: million) on Innovations-related investments. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the realized gains of million related to the sale of a strategic investment. 

13. 
 
 million (2021: million) and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of million (2021: million). The net deferred tax asset is included in the caption Other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company has determined that it is more likely than not that it will fully realize the recorded deferred tax asset (net of the valuation allowance) in the future. The Company has based this determination on the expected timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and the likelihood of generating sufficient taxable income to realize the future tax benefit. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, GRIL had a net operating loss carryforward of million (2021: million) which can be carried forward indefinitely. 

F-44 

Link to Table of Contents 
 ) ) Tax recovered Deferred tax (expense) benefit ) ) Decrease (increase) in deferred tax valuation allowance ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) 
 
 Federal Excise Taxes 
 
 The United States imposes an excise tax on reinsurance premiums paid to non-U.S. insurers or reinsurers with respect to risks located in the United States. Unless exempted or reduced by an applicable U.S. tax treaty, the tax rate is for all reinsurance premiums. The Company incurs federal excise taxes on certain reinsurance transactions, including amounts ceded through intercompany transactions. For the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred approximately million, million, and million, respectively, of federal excise taxes, net of any refunds received. These amounts are included in the caption Acquisition costs in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

14. 
 
 of the portion of the Positive Performance Change for each limited partner s capital account that is less than or equal to the positive balance in such limited partner s Carryforward Account, plus (b) of the portion of the Positive Performance Change for each limited partner s capital account that exceeds the positive balance in such limited partner s Carryforward Account. The Carryforward Account for Greenlight Re and GRIL includes the amount of investment losses to be recouped, including any loss generated on the assets invested in SILP, subject to adjustments for redemptions. The loss carry-forward provision in the SILP LPA allows DME II to earn a reduced performance allocation of of profits in years subsequent to any year in which SILP has incurred a loss until all losses are recouped, and an additional amount equal to of the loss is earned. 
 
 In accordance with the SILP LPA, DME Advisors constructs a levered investment portfolio as agreed by the Company (the Investment Portfolio as defined in the SILP LPA). On September 1, 2018, SILP entered into the IAA with DME Advisors, which entitles DME Advisors to a monthly management fee equal to on an annual basis) of each limited partner s Investment Portfolio. The IAA has an initial term ending on August 31, 2023, subject to an automatic extension for successive terms. 
 
 For a detailed breakdown of management fees and performance compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, refer to Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Pursuant to the SILP LPA and the IAA, the Company has agreed to indemnify DME, DME II, and DME Advisors for any expense, loss, liability, or damage arising out of any claim asserted or threatened in connection with DME Advisors serving as the Company s or SILP s investment advisor. The Company will reimburse DME, DME II, and DME Advisors for reasonable costs and expenses of investigating and defending such claims provided such claims were not caused due to gross negligence, breach of contract, or misrepresentation by DME, DME II, or DME Advisors. The Company incurred no indemnification amounts during the periods presented. 
 
 F-45 

Link to Table of Contents 

 of the issued and outstanding common shares of GRBK. Under applicable securities laws, DME Advisors may sometimes be limited in its ability to trade GRBK shares held in SILP. At December 31, 2022, SILP held million shares of GRBK. 
 
 Service Agreement 
 
 The Company has entered into a service agreement with DME Advisors, pursuant to which DME Advisors provides certain investor relations services to the Company for compensation of dollars per month (plus expenses). The agreement automatically renews annually until terminated by either the Company or DME Advisors for any reason with days prior written notice to the other party. 
 
 Collateral Assets Investment Management Agreement 
 
 Effective January 1, 2019, the Company (and its subsidiaries) entered into a collateral assets investment management agreement (the CMA with DME Advisors, pursuant to which DME Advisors manages certain assets of the Company that are not subject to the SILP LPA and are held by the Company to provide collateral required by the cedents in the form of trust accounts and letters of credit. In accordance with the CMA, DME Advisors receives no fees and is required to comply with the collateral investment guidelines. The CMA can be terminated by any of the parties upon days prior written notice to the other parties. 

15. 
 letter of credit facility, which automatically renews each year unless terminated by either party in accordance with the applicable required notice period: 
 Maximum Facility Limit Termination Date Notice period required for termination in thousands) Citibank Europe plc August 20, 2023 days before the termination date 

At December 31, 2022, an aggregate amount of million (December 31, 2021: million) in letters of credit was issued under the credit facility. At December 31, 2022, the Company had pledged total cash and cash equivalents with a fair value in the aggregate of million (December 31, 2021: million) as collateral against the letters of credit issued and included in the caption Restricted cash and cash equivalents in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The credit facility contains customary events of default and restrictive covenants, including but not limited to limitations on liens on collateral, transactions with affiliates, mergers, and sales of assets, as well as solvency and maintenance of certain minimum pledged equity requirements. It also restricts the issuance of any debt without the consent of the letter of credit provider. Additionally, if an event of default exists, as defined in the letter of credit facility, Greenlight Re will be prohibited from paying dividends to its parent company. The Company was in compliance with all the credit facility covenants at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company has also established regulatory trust arrangements for certain cedents. At December 31, 2022, collateral of million (December 31, 2021: million) was provided to cedents in the form of regulatory trust accounts and included in the caption Restricted cash and cash equivalents in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Lease Obligations 
 
 The Company has determined that its lease agreements for office space qualify as operating lease arrangements. At the commencement date, the Company determined the lease term by assuming the exercise of those renewal options deemed reasonably certain. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company's sole discretion, and these options do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company s weighted-average remaining operating lease term is approximately years at December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-46 

Link to Table of Contents 

 to determine the present value of lease payments. This discount rate represents the Company s incremental borrowing rate for a term similar to that of the associated lease based on information available at the commencement date, The Company has made an accounting policy election not to include renewal, termination, or purchase options that are not reasonably certain of exercise when determining the borrowing term. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities relating to the operating leases were million and million, respectively (2021: million and million, respectively). The operating expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was million (2021: million, 2020: million). 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less Imputed Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Litigation 

F-47 

Link to Table of Contents 

 16. 
 
 operating segment, Property Casualty Reinsurance. 
 
 A significant portion of the Company s business is sourced through reinsurance brokers. 
 
 Gallagher Re 2021 Guy Carpenter (Marsh) Aon Benfield BMS Group 2020 Guy Carpenter (Marsh) Trean Re 

F-48 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Motor Personal Total Property Casualty General Liability Motor Liability Professional Liability Workers' Compensation Multi-line Total Casualty Other Accident Health Financial Marine Other Specialty Total Other 

Worldwide (1) 
 Asia 
 Europe 

F-49 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Debt and convertible debt securities Certificates of deposit Total other investments Total investments 
 
 F-50 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Investment in subsidiaries Due from subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Liabilities Convertible senior notes payable Other liabilities Due to subsidiaries Total liabilities Shareholders equity Share capital Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (deficit) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 Other income (expense) Total revenues Expenses General and administrative expenses Interest expense Total expenses Net income (loss) before equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries Consolidated net income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 F-51 

Link to Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income or loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) Net realized gain on repurchase of convertible senior notes payable ) Net change in unrealized gains and losses on investments Share-based compensation expense Amortization and interest expense, net of change in accruals Net change in Due from subsidiaries ) Other assets ) Other liabilities ) ) Due to subsidiaries ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities Sale of investments Change in note receivable ) Contributed surplus to subsidiaries, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Financing activities Repurchases of convertible senior notes payable ) Repurchase of Class A ordinary shares ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year Supplementary information Non cash consideration from (to) subsidiaries, net ) ) ) 
 
 F-52 

Link to Table of Contents 

2021 Property Casualty 2020 Property Casualty 

2021 Property Casualty 2020 Property Casualty 
 
 F-53 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 exhibit43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 The following is a description of the material terms and provisions relating to our Class A and Class B ordinary shares. Because it is a summary, the following description is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or our Articles, which define the rights of our shareholders. Our Articles are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 forms a part. 
 Authorized Capital 
 Our authorized share capital consists of (i) 125 million ordinary shares, par value 0.10 per share each and (ii) 50 million preferred shares, par value 0.10 per share each. As of March 3, 2023, we had 28,587,410 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding and 6,254,715 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding and no preferred shares issued or outstanding. As of March 3, 2023, there were approximately 54 record holders of our ordinary shares, not including beneficial owners of shares registered in nominee or street name who represent approximately 91.7 of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Our ordinary shares are divided into 100,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 28,587,410 of which are issued and outstanding, and 25,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 6,254,715 of which are issued and outstanding as of March 3, 2023. Except as set forth in Class B ordinary shares below, the holders of all ordinary shares are entitled 
 (i) to share equally in dividends (whether payable in cash, property or our securities) as our board of directors Board of Directors may from time to time declare in accordance with the provisions of our Articles and the Companies Act, as amended, of the Cayman Islands, or the Companies Act 
 
 (ii) in the event of our winding-up or dissolution, whether voluntary or involuntary or for the purpose of an amalgamation, reorganization or otherwise or upon any distribution of share capital and surplus, to share equally and ratably in our assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all of our debts and liabilities and the liquidation preference of any issued and outstanding preferred shares and 
 
 (iii) generally to enjoy all of the rights attaching to such shares. 
 
 Holders of ordinary shares have no pre-emptive, redemption, conversion or sinking fund rights. 
 
 Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Each Class A ordinary share is entitled to one vote per share. However, except upon unanimous consent of the Board of Directors, no holder shall be permitted to acquire an amount of shares which would cause any person to own (directly, indirectly or constructively under applicable United States tax attribution and constructive ownership rules) 9.9 or more of the total voting power of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares (a 9.9 Shareholder ). The Board of Directors shall reduce the voting power of any holder that is a 9.9 Shareholder to the extent necessary such that the holder ceases to be a 9.9 Shareholder. In connection with this reduction, the voting power of the other shareholders of the Company may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Articles. Accordingly, certain holders of Class A Ordinary Shares may be entitled to more than one vote per share subject to the 9.9 restriction in the event that the Board of Directors is required to make an adjustment on the voting power of any 9.9 Shareholder or the voting power of a holder of Class B Ordinary Shares as described below. 
 On May 4, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase plan, which expires on June 30, 2023, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 25.0 million of Class A ordinary shares or securities convertible into Class A ordinary shares in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or Rule 10b5-1 stock trading plans. The Company is not required to repurchase any of the Class A ordinary shares and the repurchase plan may be modified, suspended, or terminated at the election of our Board of Directors at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 4,933 Class A ordinary shares. 
 Shares reserved for issuance are composed of 0.3 million Class A ordinary shares in relation to share purchase options granted to a service provider and 8,000,000 Class A ordinary shares reserved for the Company s stock incentive plan for eligible employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no remaining Class A ordinary shares available for future issuance relating to share purchase options granted to the service 

provider as all options granted to service providers had been exercised. As of December 31, 2022, 2,011,426 Class A ordinary shares remained available for future issuance under the Company s stock incentive plan. 
 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 
 Each Class B ordinary share is entitled to ten votes per share. However, the total voting power of all Class B ordinary shares, as a class, shall not exceed 9.5 of the total voting power of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares. The voting power of any Class A ordinary shares held by any holder of Class B ordinary shares (whether directly, or indirectly or constructively under applicable United States tax attribution and constructive ownership rules) shall be included for purposes of measuring the total voting power of the Class B ordinary shares. The Board of Directors shall reduce the voting power of any holder of Class B ordinary shares that owns more than 9.5 of the total voting power of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares to the extent necessary such that the holder ceases to own more than 9.5 of the outstanding ordinary shares. In connection with this reduction, the voting power of the other holders of ordinary shares of the Company shall be adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Articles. 
 In the event of a sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition, of any Class B ordinary shares by a holder thereof, other than a transfer to a permitted transferee, as defined in our Articles, the Class B ordinary shares shall be automatically converted into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares. 
 The one-for-one conversion ratio for the conversion of Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares will be equitably adjusted in the event of any recapitalization of the company by means of a share dividend on, or a share split or combination of, outstanding Class A ordinary shares or Class B Ordinary Shares, or in any amalgamation, or other reorganization of the company with another company. 
 We will reserve and keep available sufficient authorized, but unissued, Class A ordinary shares to effectuate the conversion of Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. If any Class B ordinary shares are converted, the converted Class B ordinary shares will be cancelled. 
 Limitation on Share Ownership 
 
 Under our Articles, except upon unanimous consent by the Board of Directors 
 
 no person shall be allowed to acquire Class A ordinary shares if such acquisition would cause any person to own (directly, indirectly or constructively under applicable United States tax attribution and constructive ownership rules) 9.9 or more of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares and 
 
 no person shall be allowed to acquire Class A ordinary shares if such acquisition would cause such person to own directly 9.9 or more of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. 
 
 Under our Articles, our Board of Directors may send a repurchase notice in the event that it determines in its absolute discretion that 
 a transfer would violate the ownership limitations described above or 
 
 a transfer would result in an increased risk of adverse tax, regulatory or legal consequences to us. In the event the Board of Directors determines an ownership limitation has been violated, we have the option, but not the obligation, to purchase all or any part of the shares, to the extent we determine it is necessary or advisable to avoid or cure any adverse or potentially adverse consequences. 
 
 Preferred Shares 
 Pursuant to our Articles and Cayman Islands law, our board of directors may establish one or more series of preferred shares having such number of shares, designations, relative voting rights, dividend rates, liquidation and other rights, preferences, powers and limitations as may be fixed by the board of directors without any further shareholder approval provided that certain shareholder approval may be required for a new class of shares that have superior rights over existing shares. Any preferred shares issued will include restrictions on voting and transfer intended to avoid having us constitute a controlled foreign corporation for United States federal income tax 

purposes. Such rights, preferences, powers and limitations as may be established could have the effect of discouraging an attempt to obtain control of us. The issuance of preferred shares could also adversely affect the voting power of the holders of the ordinary shares, deny shareholders the receipt of a premium on their ordinary shares in the event of a tender or other offer for the ordinary shares and have a depressive effect on the market price of the ordinary shares. 
 Options 
 As of December 31, 2022, options to purchase 690,337 Class A ordinary shares at a weighted average exercise price of 22.25 were outstanding. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 As of December 31, 2022, restricted share units, convertible into 277,960 Class A ordinary shares at a weighted average grant date fair value of 7.29 were outstanding. 
 Corporate Governance 
 Our Articles provide for the corporate governance of the Company, including the establishment of share rights, modification of such rights, issuance of share certificates, the transfer of shares, alterations to capital, the calling and conduct of general and special meetings, proxies, the appointment and removal of directors, conduct and powers of directors, the payment of dividends and the winding-up of the company. 
 Our Articles provide that the Board of Directors will be elected annually. Shareholders may remove a director for cause as defined in the Articles prior to the expiration of such director s term at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present and more than 50 of the total voting power entitled to vote is cast in favor of such action. A general meeting of shareholders may be convened by the chairman of the Board of Directors or any two directors or any director and the secretary of the Board of Directors. 
 The provisions contained in our Articles may only be amended upon the affirmative vote of sixty-six and two thirds percent of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders where a quorum is present. 
 Subject to the provisions of our Articles, the directors, secretary and officers shall be held harmless for any acts or omissions in the performance of their duties in the absence of willful negligence, willful default, fraud or dishonesty. Our Articles contain provisions for the indemnification of directors, officers and the secretary against liabilities to third parties arising in connection with the performance of their services by us, to the extent approved by a majority of the disinterested members of the board of directors. Expenses may be advanced to indemnified parties if approved by a majority of the disinterested directors. 
 Registration Rights 
 The holders of our ordinary shares prior to our initial public offering were given certain registration rights pursuant to a shareholders agreement, dated August 11, 2004, or our Shareholders Agreement. Pursuant to our Shareholders Agreement, Greenlight Capital Investors, LLC, or GCI, had the right to unlimited demand registration rights once we were eligible to use Form S-3 (or similar short form registration statements). GCI assigned its demand registration rights under the Shareholders Agreement, with our consent, to David Einhorn, our chairman of the board, on January 3, 2007. Pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, David Einhorn is entitled to registration rights for all of his Class B ordinary shares, including those acquired in a private placement in May 2007. We will not be required to effect more than two registrations pursuant to the demand rights in any 12 month period. 
 The registration rights described above can be modified on a pro rata basis if the managing underwriters for the registered offering believe modification is necessary due to market considerations. We are required to bear all expenses of all registration (exclusive of underwriting discounts and commissions, transfer taxes and fees and expenses of more than one counsel (and one local counsel, as reasonably required) for all selling shareholders). 
 On June 30, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Shareholders Agreement to extend the term of David Einhorn s registration rights to June 30, 2024. 

Transfer Restrictions 
 Our Articles contain several provisions restricting the transferability of our ordinary shares. Our Articles provide that, if our Board of Directors determines in its sole and absolute discretion that 
 
 any transfer of shares would violate the ownership limitations described above or 
 
 the transfer would result in an increased risk of adverse tax, regulatory or legal consequences to us or any of our shareholders, 
 
 they may decline to register such transfer and, if not registered, would be of no effect. Our Articles also provide that in the event that our Board of Directors determines that an ownership limitation has been violated as a result of any transfer, we shall have the option, but not the obligation, to purchase all or any part of the ordinary shares, to the extent we determine it is necessary or advisable to avoid or cure any adverse or potentially adverse consequences resulting from such transfer. 
 In connection with any transfer of ordinary shares, and in addition to the certification requirement described above, holders of ordinary shares will only be able to transfer their ordinary shares in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
 Differences in Corporate Law 
 The Companies Act, which applies to us, differs in certain material respects from laws generally applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of certain significant provisions of Companies Act (including modifications adopted pursuant to our Articles) applicable to us which differ in certain respects from provisions of Delaware corporate law. Because the following statements are summaries, they do not purport to deal with all aspects of Cayman Islands law that may be relevant to us and our shareholders. 
 
 Interested Party Transactions 
 
 No one will be disqualified from being elected director or appointed an alternate director because he or she has contracted with us. A director (or his or her alternate director in his or her absence) may participate in the vote in respect of the contract or transaction in which he or she is interested as long as he or she disclosed his or her interest before that matter is considered or voted upon. 
 As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a director of a Cayman Islands company is in the position of a fiduciary with respect to the company and therefore it is considered that they owe the following duties to the company a duty to act in good faith and in what they consider to be in the best interests of the company a duty not to make a profit out of their position as director (unless the company permits him to do so) a duty to exercise their powers for the purposes for which they are conferred and a duty not to put himself in a position where the interests of the company conflict with their personal interest or their duty to a third party. A director of a Cayman Islands company owes to the company a duty to act with skill and care. A director will need to exhibit in the performance of their duties both the degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a subjective perspective determined by reference to their knowledge and experience and the skill and care objectively to be expected from a person occupying office as a director of the company. 
 A director or alternate director may vote on a contract or transaction where he or she has an interest as a shareholder, director, officer or employee provided he or she disclosed the interest to the board of directors. 
 In exercising any such vote, such director's duties remain as described above. Pursuant to our Articles, none of our contracts will be deemed to be void purely because any director is an interested party in such transaction and in such circumstances, interested parties will generally not be held liable for monies owed to the Company. 
 Under Delaware law such a transaction would be voidable unless 
 the material facts as to such interested director s relationship or interests are disclosed or are known to the board of directors and the board in good faith authorizes the transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested directors 

such material facts are disclosed or are known to the shareholders entitled to vote on such transaction and the transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the majority of shares entitled to vote thereon or 
 
 the transaction is fair as to the corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified. Under Delaware law, such interested director could be held liable for a transaction in which such director derived an improper personal benefit. 
 
 Mergers and Similar Arrangements 
 
 The Companies Act allows for the merger of two or more companies into either one consolidated company or one or more company(ies) merged into another so as to form a single surviving company. The merger or consolidation of two or more companies under Cayman Islands law requires the directors of the companies to enter into and to approve a written plan of merger or consolidation, which must also be authorized by a special resolution of each constituent company, and such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such companies articles of association. 
 In relation to any merger or consolidation under the Companies Act, dissenting shareholders have certain limited appraisal rights in circumstances which are similar to those available to dissenting shareholders of a Delaware corporation, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined fair value of the shares. Appraisal rights for the holders of shares listed on a public exchange are ordinarily only available where the consideration offered under the merger is payable in cash or, in some instances, the unlisted securities of a third party. 
 The Companies Act also includes statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and amalgamation of companies, provided that such a scheme of arrangement is approved by (i) in respect of shareholders, 75 in value of the shareholders or each class of shareholder who attend and vote, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting or meetings convened for that purpose or (ii) in respect of creditors, a majority in number representing 75 in value of creditors or each class of creditors who attend and vote, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting or meetings convened for that purpose. 
 The convening of the scheme meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it determines that 
 the company is not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with 
 
 the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question and the classes properly delineated 
 
 the scheme of arrangement is such as a businessperson would reasonably approve and 
 
 the scheme of arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority . 
 
 If a scheme of arrangement is thus approved, the dissenting shareholders would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of a Delaware corporation. 
 In addition, David Einhorn, Chairman of our Board of Directors, owns all of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares. As a result, we will not be able to enter into a scheme of arrangement without the approval of Mr. Einhorn as the holder of our Class B ordinary shares. 
 
 Shareholders Suits 
 
 We are not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. 
 In principle, the Company will normally be the proper plaintiff and a derivative action may not be brought by a shareholder. 

However, based on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority in the Cayman Islands, there are exceptions to the foregoing principle, including when 
 a company acts or proposes to act illegally or ultra vires (beyond the scope of its authority) 
 
 the act complained of, although not ultra vires, could be effected if duly authorized by a special resolution that has not been obtained and 
 
 those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 
 Indemnification of Directors 
 Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. We may indemnify our directors or officers in their capacity as such in respect of any loss arising or liability attaching to them by virtue of any rule of law, save in respect of any act or omission involving willful negligence, willful default, fraud or dishonesty. Under Delaware law, a corporation may indemnify a director or officer of the corporation against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in defense of an action, suit or proceeding by reason of such position if 
 such director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and 
 
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such director or officer had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 
 We will indemnify each of our directors, agents and officers out of our assets against any liability incurred by them as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by their own willful negligence, willful default, fraud or dishonesty. No such director, agent or officer shall be liable to us for any loss or damage in carrying out his or her functions unless their liability arises through willful negligence, willful default, fraud or dishonesty of such director, agent or officer. 
 
 Inspection of Corporate Records 
 Members of the general public do not have the right to inspect our corporate or constitutive documents with the exception of the register of directors. The Registrar of Companies shall make a list of the names of the current directors (and alternate directors where applicable) available for inspection by any person on payment of a fee and subject to such conditions as the Registrar may impose. A shareholder of a Cayman Islands company has the right to request the company send him a copy of its memorandum and articles of association in force, on payment of a maximum sum of one Cayman Islands dollar for each copy. In addition, our Articles provide that our board of directors shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations our accounts and books or any of them shall be open to the inspection of shareholders and no shareholder shall have any right of inspecting any of our accounts or books or documents except as conferred by statute, or authorized by our board of directors or by us in general meeting. Also, the directors may from time to time cause to be prepared and to be laid before us in general meeting financial statements and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law. We are also required to keep a register of mortgages and charges, which is open to inspection by any creditor or shareholder at all reasonable times. 
 We are not required to, but may, maintain our share register in the Cayman Islands. We are required to keep at our registered office a register of our directors and officers, which is not open for inspection by members of the public. Our registered office is located at Walkers Corporate Limited, 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-9008, Cayman Islands. 
 Delaware law permits any shareholder to inspect or obtain copies of a corporation s shareholder list and its other books and records for any purpose reasonably related to such person s interest as a shareholder. 

Conversion Rights 
 If applicable, the terms of preferred shares of any series that are convertible into or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares or our other securities will be described in an applicable prospectus supplement. These terms will describe whether conversion or exchange is mandatory, at the option of the holder, or at our option. These terms may include provisions pursuant to which the number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares or our other securities to be received by the holders of preferred shares would be subject to adjustment. Any such conversion or exchange will comply with applicable Cayman Islands law and our Articles. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A ordinary shares is Computershare. Its address is 480 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07310 and its telephone number at this location is (201) 680-2464. 
 Listing 
 Our Class A ordinary shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol GLRE. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Full Name of Subsidiary Place of Incorporation Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. Cayman Islands Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, Designated Activity Company Ireland Greenlight Re Marketing (UK) Limited United Kingdom Verdant Holding Company, Ltd. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a231deloitteconsent202210k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-257613 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-249849 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 8, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and the effectiveness of the Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte Ltd. 
 _______________________________ 
 
 Hamilton, Bermuda 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 a232bdoconsent202210k.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. 
 Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-257613) and Form S-8 (No. 333-249849) of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. of our report dated March 8, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan, USA 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 6
 a233eyconsent202210k.htm
 EX-23.3

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement Form S-3 (No. 333-257613) and Form S-8 (No. 333-249849) of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. and in the related Prospectus of our report dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Solasglas Investments, LP, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K filing) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young Ltd. Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 glre-20221231exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 
 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 
 I, Simon Burton, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 8, 2023 s SIMON BURTON Simon Burton Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 glre-20221231exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 
 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 
 
 I, Neil Greenspan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated March 8, 2023 s NEIL GREENSPAN Neil Greenspan Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 glre-20221231exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 
 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 

This certification is provided pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and accompanies the annual report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (the Issuer ). 
 
 I, Simon Burton, the Principal Executive Officer of the Issuer, certify that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)), as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 

Dated March 8, 2023 s SIMON BURTON Simon Burton Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 glre-20221231exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 
 GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE, LTD. 

This certification is provided pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and accompanies the annual report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (the Issuer ). 
 
 I, Neil Greenspan, the Principal Financial Officer of the Issuer, certify that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)), as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 

Dated March 8, 2023 s NEIL GREENSPAN Neil Greenspan Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 solasglasinvestmentslp20.htm
 EX-99.1

solasglasinvestmentslp20 

F I N A N C I A L S T A T E M E N T S Solasglas Investments, LP For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 With Report of Independent Auditors 

Solasglas Investments, LP Financial Statements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Contents Report of Independent Auditors . . 1 Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Partners Capital . ... ... 2 Condensed Schedules of Investments . . 3 Statements of Operations . 13 Statements of Changes in Partners Capital . 14 Statements of Cash Flows ... . 15 Notes to Financial Statements ... ... ... 16 

A member firm of Ernst Young Global Limited Ernst Young Ltd. 62 Forum Lane Camana Bay P.O. Box 510 Grand Cayman KY1-1106 CAYMAN ISLANDS Main tel: +1 345 949 8444 Fax: +1 345 949 8529 ey.com Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The General Partner Solasglas Investments, LP Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying statements of assets, liabilities and partners capital of Solasglas Investments, LP (the Partnership ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in partners capital and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its partners capital and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis of Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2018. March 8, 2023 

Solasglas Investments, LP Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Partners Capital December 31, 2022 and 2021 (In U.S. Dollars) 2 2022 2021 Assets Investments, at fair value (cost of 256,727,469 and 216,800,841, respectively) 304,805,973 297,936,983 Due from brokers 109,168,853 84,774,967 Derivative contracts, at fair value (cost of 12,761,674 and 1,804,542, respectively) 17,547,013 2,541,511 Interest and dividends receivable 526,646 28,752 Total assets 432,048,485 385,282,213 Liabilities and partners capital Liabilities Investments sold short, at fair value (proceeds of 199,470,228 and 137,227,506, respectively) 159,382,485 132,360,361 Derivative contracts, at fair value (proceeds of 16,592,324 and 5,335,450, respectively) 12,442,643 7,252,901 Due to brokers Interest and dividends payable 2,050,424 759,600 - 580,226 Capital withdrawals payable 75,000 10,000,000 Other liabilities 158,702 357,894 Total liabilities 174,868,854 150,551,382 Partners capital 257,179,631 234,730,831 Total liabilities and partners capital 432,048,485 385,282,213 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Investments: Common stock: United States of America: Consumer discretionary: 2,741,530 Green Brick Partners Inc 66,422,637 - - 25.8 66,422,637 Other 2,980,542 - - 1.1 2,980,542 Energy: 282,926 CONSOL Energy Inc 18,390,190 - - 7.2 18,390,190 Other 17,278,562 - - 6.7 17,278,562 Financial: 559,306 Brighthouse Financial Inc 28,675,619 - - 11.1 28,675,619 Other 916,697 - - 0.4 916,697 Industrials 15,548,645 - - 6.1 15,548,645 Healthcare 5,107,894 - - 2.0 5,107,894 Materials 3,440,740 - - 1.3 3,440,740 Technology: 1,339,892 Kyndryl Holdings Inc 14,899,599 - - 5.8 14,899,599 Other 10,436,885 - - 4.1 10,436,885 Total United States of America (cost 141,564,093) 184,098,010 - - 71.6 184,098,010 Canada: Energy 620,860 - - 0.2 620,860 Materials: 365,240 Teck Resources Limited 13,813,377 - - 5.4 13,813,377 Other 1,043,320 - - 0.4 1,043,320 Total Canada (cost 11,453,352) 15,477,557 - - 6.0 15,477,557 China: Industrials (cost 140,669) 202,248 - - 0.1 202,248 Germany: Consumer discretionary (cost 4,572,628) 5,088,355 - - 2.0 5,088,355 Great Britain: Consumer discretionary 8,115,652 - - 3.2 8,115,652 Healthcare 6,859,745 - - 2.6 6,859,745 Total Great Britain (cost 14,448,651) 14,975,397 - - 5.8 14,975,397 Italy: Materials (cost 5,713,136) 6,024,780 - - 2.3 6,024,780 Netherlands: Financial 270,000 - - 0.1 270,000 Healthcare 5,081,954 - - 2.0 5,081,954 Total Netherlands (cost 6,014,343) 5,351,954 - - 2.1 5,351,954 Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments Number of Units Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value December 31, 2022 of Partners' Capital (In U.S. Dollars) 3 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Investments (continued): Common stock (continued): Norway: Energy (cost 276,029) 443,449 - - 0.2 443,449 Total common stock (cost 184,182,901) 231,661,750 - - 90.0 231,661,750 Commodities: 27,392 Gold (cost 48,774,174) 49,945,056 - - 19.4 49,945,056 Exchange-traded funds: Commodities 9,786,157 - - 3.8 9,786,157 Other 626,380 - - 0.2 626,380 Total exchange-traded funds (cost 11,323,237) 10,412,537 - - 4.0 10,412,537 Corporate bonds: United States of America: Communication services - 270,509 - 0.1 270,509 Consumer staples - 286,268 - 0.1 286,268 Energy - 105,201 - 0.0 105,201 Industrials - 1,381,840 - 0.6 1,381,840 Total corporate bonds (cost 3,950,769) - 2,043,818 - 0.8 2,043,818 Private equity: United States of America: Healthcare (cost 193,342) - - 39,342 0.0 39,342 Total investments subject to fair value hierarchy (cost 248,424,423) 292,019,343 2,043,818 39,342 114.2 294,102,503 Investment funds (1): United States of America: Consumer staples 0.1 121,670 Energy 1.7 4,492,124 Technology 0.6 1,594,754 Cayman Islands: Financial 1.7 4,302,843 Materials 0.1 192,079 Total investment funds (cost 8,303,046) 4.2 10,703,470 Total investments (cost 256,727,469) 118.5 304,805,973 (1) The Partnership s investments in investment funds that are valued at their net asset value as reported by the underlying funds are not categorized within the fair value hierarchy. See Note 2. Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) Number of Units Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value December 31, 2022 of Partners' Capital (In U.S. Dollars) 4 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Derivative contract assets: Put options: Foreign currencies - 160,498 - 0.1 160,498 Interest rates - 8,733,063 - 3.4 8,733,063 Total put options (cost 10,838,910) - 8,893,561 - 3.5 8,893,561 Total return swaps - long exposure: Price indices - 3,945,699 - 1.5 3,945,699 United States of America: Financial: 97,928 Brighthouse Financial Inc - 536,564 - 0.2 536,564 Great Britain: Financial - 155,576 - 0.1 155,576 Total total return swaps - long exposure (cost 875) - 4,637,839 - 1.8 4,637,839 Call options: Equity indices - 1,295,960 - 0.5 1,295,960 Other - 39,542 - 0.0 39,542 Total call options (cost 1,516,739) - 1,335,502 - 0.5 1,335,502 Total return swaps - short exposure: Equity indices - 741,564 - 0.3 741,564 Great Britain: Consumer discretionary - 373,201 - 0.1 373,201 Spain: Utilities - 192,271 - 0.0 192,271 Total total return swaps - short exposure (cost 0) - 1,307,036 - 0.4 1,307,036 Futures contracts - short exposure: Interest rates (cost 2,867) 839,861 - - 0.3 839,861 Credit default swaps - sell protection: Corporate (cost 402,164) - 391,081 - 0.2 391,081 Futures contracts - long exposure: Commodities (cost 119) 142,133 - - 0.1 142,133 Total derivative contract assets (cost 12,761,674) 981,994 16,565,019 - 6.8 17,547,013 Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) December 31, 2022 of Partners' Capital Number of Units Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value (In U.S. Dollars) 5 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Investments sold short: Common stock: United States of America: Communication services 13,548,906 - - 5.3 13,548,906 Consumer discretionary 41,805,635 - - 16.2 41,805,635 Consumer staples 8,315,779 - - 3.2 8,315,779 Energy 675,454 - - 0.3 675,454 Financial 12,358,340 - - 4.8 12,358,340 Healthcare 15,134,440 - - 5.9 15,134,440 Industrials 12,671,941 - - 4.9 12,671,941 Real estate 5,382,132 - - 2.1 5,382,132 Technology 31,524,833 - - 12.3 31,524,833 Total United States of America (proceeds 177,565,892) 141,417,460 - - 55.0 141,417,460 Brazil: Financial (proceeds 477,233) 276,394 - - 0.1 276,394 Canada: Industrials 820,304 - - 0.3 820,304 Technology 217,632 - - 0.1 217,632 Total Canada (proceeds 2,018,122) 1,037,936 - - 0.4 1,037,936 Germany: Communication services (proceeds 1,126,183) 1,099,917 - - 0.4 1,099,917 Israel: Consumer discretionary (proceeds 457,667) 184,456 - - 0.1 184,456 South Korea: Consumer discretionary (proceeds 1,335,021) 1,546,757 - - 0.6 1,546,757 Sweden: Consumer discretionary (proceeds 1,466,745) 1,383,148 - - 0.5 1,383,148 Switzerland: Consumer discretionary (proceeds 3,004,780) 2,820,418 - - 1.1 2,820,418 Total common stock (proceeds 187,451,643) 149,766,486 - - 58.2 149,766,486 Exchange-traded funds: Equity indices (proceeds 12,018,585) 9,615,999 - - 3.8 9,615,999 Total investments sold short (proceeds 199,470,228) 159,382,485 - - 62.0 159,382,485 (In U.S. Dollars) Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) December 31, 2022 Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value Number of Units of Partners' Capital 6 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Derivative contract liabilities: Put options: Interest rates (proceeds 7,595,504) - 6,977,875 - 2.7 6,977,875 Credit default swaps - buy protection: Corporate (proceeds 7,339,478) - 3,002,597 - 1.2 3,002,597 Call options: Interest rates (proceeds 1,489,044) - 1,147,906 - 0.5 1,147,906 Equity indices (proceeds 28,236) - 56,472 - 0.0 56,472 United States of America: Technology - 27,629 - 0.0 27,629 Healthcare - 1,505 - 0.0 1,505 Materials - 1,165 - 0.0 1,165 Industrials - 255 - 0.0 255 Consumer discretionary - 190 - 0.0 190 Total United States of America (proceeds 142,237) - 30,744 - 0.0 30,744 Total call options (proceeds 1,659,517) - 1,235,122 - 0.5 1,235,122 Total return swaps - long exposure: Price indices - 508,890 - 0.2 508,890 Great Britain: Consumer discretionary - 241,662 - 0.1 241,662 Energy - 7,960 - 0.0 7,960 Total Great Britain (proceeds 0) - 249,622 - 0.1 249,622 Ireland: Industrials - 191,321 - 0.1 191,321 United States of America: Financial - 114,688 - 0.0 114,688 Total total return swaps - long exposure (cost 1,860) - 1,064,521 - 0.4 1,064,521 Total return swaps - short exposure: Price indices - 79,341 - 0.0 79,341 United States of America: Financial - 83,187 - 0.0 83,187 Total total return swaps - short exposure (cost 315) - 162,528 - 0.0 162,528 Total derivative contract liabilities (proceeds 16,592,324) - 12,442,643 - 4.8 12,442,643 See accompanying notes to financial statements. Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value (In U.S. Dollars) Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) December 31, 2022 of Partners' Capital Number of Units 7 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Investments: Common stock: United States of America: Communication services 3,574,016 - - 1.5 3,574,016 Consumer discretionary: 2,741,530 Green Brick Partners Inc 83,145,970 - - 35.5 83,145,970 Other 9,280,881 - - 4.0 9,280,881 Energy 7,822,018 - - 3.3 7,822,018 Financial: 587,054 Brighthouse Financial Inc 30,409,397 - - 13.0 30,409,397 Other 1,450,516 - - 0.6 1,450,516 Industrial 23,416,847 - - 10.0 23,416,847 Technology 21,012,973 - - 9.0 21,012,973 Healthcare 12,700,772 - - 5.4 12,700,772 Materials: 464,245 The Chemours Company 15,580,062 - - 6.6 15,580,062 Other 2,170,545 - - 0.9 2,170,545 Total United States of America (cost 136,698,934) 210,563,997 - - 89.8 210,563,997 Canada: Energy 554,800 - - 0.2 554,800 Materials: 469,900 Teck Resources Limited 13,542,518 - - 5.8 13,542,518 Other 1,911,383 - - 0.8 1,911,383 Total Canada (cost 11,101,217) 16,008,701 - - 6.8 16,008,701 Germany: Industrial (cost 5,390,053) 5,406,987 - - 2.3 5,406,987 Great Britain: Consumer discretionary 8,083,242 - - 3.4 8,083,242 Healthcare 4,013,037 - - 1.7 4,013,037 Total Great Britain (cost 10,759,670) 12,096,279 - - 5.1 12,096,279 Italy: Materials (cost 2,015,800) 1,748,510 - - 0.7 1,748,510 Luxembourg: Energy (cost 524,700) 586,615 - - 0.3 586,615 Netherlands: Financial 263,250 - - 0.1 263,250 Healthcare 3,300,082 - - 1.4 3,300,082 Total Netherlands (cost 3,476,290) 3,563,332 - - 1.5 3,563,332 Total common stock (cost 169,966,664) 249,974,421 - - 106.5 249,974,421 Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) Number of Units Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value December 31, 2021 of Partners' Capital (In U.S. Dollars) 8 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Investments (continued): Commodities: 14,559 Gold (cost 26,229,313) 26,634,538 - - 11.3 26,634,538 Exchange-traded funds: Commodities (cost 5,227,241) 4,706,388 - - 2.0 4,706,388 Corporate bonds: United States of America: Energy - 102,509 - 0.0 102,509 Industrial - 3,468,954 - 1.5 3,468,954 Total corporate bonds (cost 5,422,338) - 3,571,463 - 1.5 3,571,463 Private equity: United States of America: Energy - - 906,391 0.4 906,391 Technology - - 154,000 0.1 154,000 Healthcare - - 15,737 0.0 15,737 Total private equity (cost 1,504,145) - - 1,076,128 0.5 1,076,128 Total investments subject to fair value hierarchy (cost 208,349,701) 281,315,347 3,571,463 1,076,128 121.8 285,962,938 Investment funds (1): United States of America: Consumer staples 0.5 1,138,477 Energy 1.4 3,326,814 Technology 1.0 2,266,044 Cayman Islands: Financial 2.1 5,005,310 Materials 0.1 237,400 Total investment funds (cost 8,451,140) 5.1 11,974,045 Total investments (cost 216,800,841) 126.9 297,936,983 Derivative contract assets: Call options: Commodities (cost 324,869) - 756,240 - 0.3 756,240 United States of America: Financial - 114,683 - 0.1 114,683 Other - 39,458 - 0.0 39,458 Total United States of America (cost 799,169) - 154,141 - 0.1 154,141 (1) The Partnership s investments in investment funds that are valued at their net asset value as reported by the underlying funds are not categorized within the fair value hierarchy. See Note 2. Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) Number of Units Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value December 31, 2021 of Partners' Capital (In U.S. Dollars) 9 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Derivative contract assets (continued): Call options (continued): Canada: Materials (cost 49,057) - 81,397 - 0.0 81,397 Netherlands: Financial (cost 0) - 6,750 - 0.0 6,750 Total call options (cost 1,173,095) - 998,528 - 0.4 998,528 Total return swaps - long exposure: United States of America: Financial - 409,864 - 0.2 409,864 France: Energy - 293,706 - 0.1 293,706 Total total return swaps - long exposure (cost 0) - 703,570 - 0.3 703,570 Total return swaps - short exposure: Equity indices - 135,169 - 0.1 135,169 Volatility - 155,100 - 0.1 155,100 Japan: Technology - 305,570 - 0.1 305,570 Total total return swaps - short exposure (cost 0) - 595,839 - 0.3 595,839 Futures contracts - short exposure: Commodities (cost 13) 154,944 - - 0.1 154,944 Put options: United States of America: Consumer discretionary (cost 630,860) - 85,353 - 0.0 85,353 Futures contracts - long exposure: Interest rates (cost 574) 3,277 - - 0.0 3,277 Total derivative contract assets (cost 1,804,542) 158,221 2,383,290 - 1.1 2,541,511 Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) December 31, 2021 of Partners' Capital Number of Units Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value (In U.S. Dollars) 10 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Investments sold short: Common stock: United States of America: Communication services 4,848,436 - - 2.1 4,848,436 Consumer discretionary 29,012,530 - - 12.4 29,012,530 Consumer staples 4,543,730 - - 1.9 4,543,730 Financial 10,546,629 - - 4.4 10,546,629 Healthcare 6,805,177 - - 2.9 6,805,177 Industrial 16,856,370 - - 7.2 16,856,370 Real estate 6,799,889 - - 2.9 6,799,889 Technology 9,462,771 - - 4.0 9,462,771 Total United States of America (proceeds 94,151,673) 88,875,532 - - 37.8 88,875,532 Canada: Financial 2,632,623 - - 1.1 2,632,623 Industrial 1,257,456 - - 0.5 1,257,456 Total Canada (proceeds 4,109,376) 3,890,079 - - 1.6 3,890,079 Denmark: Healthcare (proceeds 3,692,262) 3,499,733 - - 1.5 3,499,733 Japan: Technology (proceeds 2,167,715) 1,447,094 - - 0.6 1,447,094 Norway: Industrial (proceeds 441,181) 288,849 - - 0.1 288,849 Sweden: Consumer discretionary (proceeds 498,331) 590,601 - - 0.3 590,601 Total common stock (proceeds 105,060,538) 98,591,888 - - 41.9 98,591,888 Exchange-traded funds: Equity indices: 44,257 SPDR Trust Series 1 21,020,305 - - 9.0 21,020,305 Other 12,748,168 5.4 12,748,168 Total exchange-traded funds (proceeds 32,166,968) 33,768,473 - - 14.4 33,768,473 Total investments sold short (proceeds 137,227,506) 132,360,361 - - 56.3 132,360,361 (In U.S. Dollars) Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) December 31, 2021 Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value Number of Units of Partners' Capital 11 

Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Derivative contract liabilities: Credit default swaps - buy protection: Corporate (proceeds 3,914,108) - 5,161,909 - 2.2 5,161,909 Put options: Commodities (proceeds 430,381) - 287,590 - 0.1 287,590 United States of America: Communication services - 622,210 - 0.3 622,210 Consumer discretionary - 12,282 - 0.0 12,282 Total United States of America (proceeds 618,960) - 634,492 - 0.3 634,492 Total put options (proceeds 1,049,341) - 922,082 - 0.4 922,082 Call options: Commodities - 489,900 - 0.3 489,900 Other - 99,276 - 0.0 99,276 Total call options (proceeds 372,574) - 589,176 - 0.3 589,176 Total return swaps - short exposure: Australia: Communication services - 97,239 - 0.0 97,239 France: Real estate - 121,990 - 0.1 121,990 Great Britain: Consumer discretionary - 234,923 - 0.1 234,923 Total total return swaps - short exposure (proceeds 0) - 454,152 - 0.2 454,152 Total return swaps - long exposure: United States of America: Financial - 902 - 0.0 902 Australia: Communication services - 88,480 - 0.0 88,480 Great Britain: Consumer discretionary - 5,544 - 0.0 5,544 Ireland: Industrial - 29,360 - 0.0 29,360 Total total return swaps - long exposure (proceeds 0) - 124,286 - 0.0 124,286 Futures contracts - short exposure: Interest rates (cost 573) 1,296 - - 0.0 1,296 Total derivative contract liabilities (proceeds 5,335,450) 1,296 7,251,605 - 3.0 7,252,901 See accompanying notes to financial statements. Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value (In U.S. Dollars) Solasglas Investments, LP Condensed Schedules of Investments (continued) December 31, 2021 of Partners' Capital Number of Units 12 

Solasglas Investments, LP Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In U.S. Dollars) 13 2022 2021 2020 Investment income Dividends, net of withholding taxes of 468,726, 262,913 and 408,808, respectively 1,585,558 640,662 1,365,121 Interest 2,389,894 228,164 654,332 Total investment income 3,975,452 868,826 2,019,453 Expenses Management fee 3,580,408 3,491,704 2,808,445 Dividends 1,373,924 1,146,899 861,044 Interest 1,949,566 1,055,418 798,072 Professional fees and other 988,163 1,221,012 949,016 Total expenses 7,892,061 6,915,033 5,416,577 Net investment loss (3,916,609) (6,046,207) (3,397,124) Realized and change in unrealized gains (losses) on investment transactions Net realized gains (losses) on Investments 63,980,470 (1,154,302) (55,001,988) Derivative contracts 10,731,736 (2,065,059) (6,826,116) Currencies 459,779 (200,716) 211,919 Net realized gains (losses) 75,171,985 (3,420,077) (61,616,185) Net change in unrealized appreciation on Investments 2,162,960 30,553,364 71,402,415 Derivative contracts 10,115,502 5,000,477 909,341 Currencies (392,809) (71,112) (363,943) Net change in unrealized appreciation 11,885,653 35,482,729 71,947,813 Net gain on investment transactions 87,057,638 32,062,652 10,331,628 Net increase in partners capital resulting from operations 83,141,029 26,016,445 6,934,504 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Statements of Changes in Partners Capital For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In U.S. Dollars) 14 General Partner Limited Partners Total Balance, December 31, 2019 56,351,940 240,056,324 296,408,264 Capital contributions - 80,594,423 80,594,423 Capital withdrawals (5,471,000) (158,347,170) (163,818,170) Allocation of net increase in partners capital resulting from operations 2,059,934 4,874,570 6,934,504 Performance allocation 443,355 (443,355) - Balance, December 31, 2020 53,384,229 166,734,792 220,119,021 Capital contributions - 114,604,410 114,604,410 Capital withdrawals (10,174,000) (115,835,045) (126,009,045) Allocation of net increase in partners capital resulting from operations 5,920,030 20,096,415 26,016,445 Performance allocation 2,009,642 (2,009,642) - Balance, December 31, 2021 51,139,901 183,590,930 234,730,831 Capital contributions - 65,126,729 65,126,729 Capital withdrawals (454,000) (125,364,958) (125,818,958) Allocation of net increase in partners capital resulting from operations 22,202,639 60,938,390 83,141,029 Performance allocation 6,093,839 (6,093,839) - Balance, December 31, 2022 78,982,379 178,197,252 257,179,631 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In U.S. Dollars) 15 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase in partners capital resulting from operations 83,141,029 26,016,445 6,934,504 Adjustments to reconcile net increase in partners capital resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net realized gain (loss) on investments and derivative contracts (74,712,206) 3,219,362 62,235,952 Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments and derivative contracts (12,278,462) (35,553,841) (72,311,756) Purchases of investments (376,796,810) (351,538,539) (242,710,627) Proceeds from sales of investments 236,929,655 261,599,604 184,579,663 Proceeds from investments sold short 642,786,664 601,040,673 401,004,970 Purchases to cover investments sold short (416,622,945) (505,226,428) (352,244,285) Purchases of derivative contracts (14,951,521) (42,678,831) (19,468,622) Proceeds from sales of derivative contracts 25,982,999 46,062,560 20,488,075 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Due from brokers (24,393,886) 7,277,564 (23,992,293) Interest and dividends receivable (497,894) 30,511 (11,686) Due to brokers 2,050,424 (9,179,279) 7,999,279 Interest and dividends payable 179,374 151,212 (399,125) Other liabilities (199,192) 183,622 73,824 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 70,617,229 1,404,635 (27,822,127) Cash flows from financing activities Capital contributions 65,126,729 114,604,410 80,594,423 Capital withdrawals (135,743,958) (116,009,045) (163,818,170) Net cash used in financing activities (70,617,229) (1,404,635) (83,223,747) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents - - (111,045,874) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year - - 111,045,874 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year - - - Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid during the year for interest 2,235,725 1,067,312 930,321 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In U.S. Dollars) 16 1. Organization Solasglas Investments, LP (the Partnership is an exempted Cayman Islands limited partnership formed on August 17, 2018 and commenced operations on September 1, 2018. The Partnership is registered with the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority under the Cayman Islands Mutual Funds Act. The Partnership will continue until terminated, wound up or dissolved in accordance with the Partnership Agreement (the Agreement ). DME Advisors, LP (the Manager is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and serves as the investment manager of the Partnership. DME Advisors II, LLC, is the general partner. Morgan Stanley Fund Services (Cayman) Ltd. serves as the administrator of the Partnership pursuant to an administration agreement. The Partnership was organized to invest and trade in securities and other investment vehicles and instruments. The Manager is a value-oriented investment management firm that primarily invests and trades in long and short publicly listed equity securities, as well as distressed debt when cyclically attractive. The primary investment objective of the Partnership is to achieve capital appreciation by buying securities with trading values materially lower than their intrinsic values and by selling short securities with trading values materially higher than their intrinsic values. The Partnership aims to achieve high absolute rates of return while minimizing the risk of capital loss. There can be no assurance that such investment objective will be achieved, and investment results may vary substantially. The Partnership was created primarily for the benefit of Greenlight Reinsurance, Ltd. GLRE and Greenlight Reinsurance Ireland, Designated Activity Company (collectively with GLRE, the Limited Partners and the general partner (and collectively with the Limited Partners, the Partners ). 2. Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The Partnership is an investment company which applies the specialized accounting and reporting requirements for investment companies. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the relevant sections of Regulation S-X and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and are expressed in United States U.S. dollars. Certain prior period amounts may be reclassified to conform to the current presentation, with no effect on the Partnership s assets, liabilities, partners capital, results of operations or cash flows. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 17 2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Basis of Presentation (continued) The Partnership, along with other funds managed by the Manager or its affiliates, may utilize special purpose vehicles SPVs for tax, regulatory or other purposes. The underlying investments held by SPVs are included within the condensed schedules of investments and reflect the Partnership s proportionate share of each such underlying investment. All investments held by the SPVs are for the sole benefit of the Partnership, along with other funds managed by the Manager or its affiliates and they conduct no other business. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Partnership considers all highly-liquid investments, with original maturities of less than 90 days that are not held for sale in the ordinary course of business, as cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents held at financial institutions, at times, may exceed the amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership held no cash or cash equivalents. Investment Transactions The Partnership records investment transactions on a trade date basis. Realized gains and losses on investment transactions are determined on a specific identification basis. Dividend income, net of withholding taxes, and dividend expense are recognized on the ex-dividend date and interest income and expense are recognized on an accrual basis. Withholding taxes on dividends have been accounted for in accordance with the Partnership s understanding of the applicable country s tax rules and rates. Foreign Currency Transactions Investments and derivative contracts denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollar amounts at the date of valuation. Purchases and sales of investments denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollar amounts on the respective dates of such transactions. The Partnership does not isolate the portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments and derivative contracts from the fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of investments and derivative contracts owned or sold short. Such fluctuations are included with applicable net realized gain or loss on investments or derivative contracts and net change in unrealized appreciation on investments or derivative contracts in the statements of operations. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 18 2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Fair Value Measurements and Investment Valuation The fair values of the Partnership s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under U.S. GAAP approximate the carrying amounts presented in the financial statements. The Partnership records all investments and derivative contracts (collectively investments at fair value. U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing investments based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Partnership. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Partnership s assumptions about the factors market participants would use in pricing investments based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: Level 1 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical investments. An active market for the investment is a market in which transactions for the investment occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Valuation adjustments are not applied to Level 1 investments. Level 2 - Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include: (i) quoted prices for similar investments in active markets; (ii) quoted prices for identical investments traded in non-active markets (i.e., dealer or broker markets); and (iii) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or inputs derived from or corroborated by market data. Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable, supported by little or no market activity, and significant to the overall fair value measurement (including the Partnership s assumptions in determining the fair value of investments). The availability of observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including, for example, the type of product, whether the product is new and not yet established in the market place, the liquidity of markets, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. The inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, the Partnership s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 19 2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Fair Value Measurements and Investment Valuation (continued) A description of the valuation techniques applied and inputs utilized in measuring fair value of the Partnership s major categories of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Common Stock and Exchange-Traded Funds Common stock and exchange-traded funds are generally valued based on quoted prices from the relevant exchange. To the extent these investments are actively traded, they are categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. In instances when investments in common stock or exchange- traded funds are not actively traded or valuation adjustments are applied, they are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and in instances where significant inputs are unobservable, they are categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Corporate Bonds The fair value of corporate bonds are estimated using recently executed transactions and market price quotations (where observable). When recent transactions or observable price quotations are not available, fair value is determined based on cash flow models. These investments are generally categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy; in instances where significant inputs are unobservable, they are categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Commodities Actively traded commodities are valued based on quoted dealer prices and are categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Commodities that are not actively traded are generally included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Investment Funds Investments in investment funds are valued at their net asset value as reported by the underlying fund s administrator or manager. Management of the underlying funds generally charge management and/or incentive fees to the Partnership and other investors in the underlying funds. Such fees are included in the net asset value reported by the Partnership for the investment funds. The management and incentive fees range from 0-1.5 and 0-20 , respectively, subject to conditions and terms of each investment fund s legal agreements. Due to restrictions on the transferability and timing of withdrawals from the investment funds, the amounts realized upon liquidation will likely differ from such reported values. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of the Partnership s investments in investment funds allow for a voluntary right of withdrawal. Investments valued based on their unadjusted net asset value are not categorized within the fair value hierarchy. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 20 2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Fair Value Measurements and Investment Valuation (continued) The Manager may determine that the net asset value provided by the underlying fund does not represent fair value. In such situations, the fair value of the underlying fund will be valued in accordance with the Partnership s valuation policy. This may include calculating an independent value of the underlying fund s assets and liabilities, reviewing secondary market transactions, or other techniques depending upon the circumstances. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no investment funds were valued by management of the Partnership as all were based on values reported by the underlying fund. Private Equity The transaction price is used as the best estimate of fair value upon acquisition. Thereafter, valuation is based on an assessment of each investment, incorporating factors that consider the evaluation of financing and sale transactions with third parties, financial information provided by management of the investee company, expected cash flows and market-based information, including comparable transactions, performance multiples and changes in market outlook, among other factors. These investments are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Derivative Contracts The fair value of derivatives actively traded on a national exchange and based on quoted prices from the relevant exchange are categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Over-the-counter OTC derivatives valued based on market price quotations and listed derivatives that are not actively traded are generally categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair values for other OTC derivative investments are based on pricing models intended to approximate the amounts that would be paid to or received from a third party in settlement of the respective contract. Factors taken into consideration include credit spreads, market liquidity and concentrations, foreign currency rates, and funding and administrative costs incurred over the lives of the investments. As these inputs are typically observable, these OTC derivatives are also categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 4 for additional information on the Partnership s derivative contracts. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 21 2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Investments Sold Short The Partnership has sold investments that it does not own and will, therefore, be obligated to purchase such investments at a future date. A gain, limited to the price at which the Partnership sold the investment, or a loss, unlimited in amount, will be realized upon the liquidation of the investment. The Partnership has recorded this obligation in the financial statements at fair value. There is an element of market risk in that, if the investments increase in value, it will be necessary to purchase the investments at a cost in excess of the obligation reflected in the statements of assets, liabilities and partners capital. Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Partnership to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting year. Actual results could differ from those estimates and those differences could be material. Income Taxes The Partnership is not subject to taxes on income, capital gains or withholding tax in the Cayman Islands. Each partner in the Partnership may be subject to taxation on its share of the Partnership s ordinary income and capital gains. In certain jurisdictions other than the Cayman Islands, taxes are withheld at the source on dividends and interest received by the Partnership. Capital gains derived by the Partnership in such jurisdictions generally will be exempt from foreign income or withholding taxes at the source. U.S. GAAP requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more likely than not recognition threshold, the Partnership presumes that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Tax positions not deemed to meet a more likely than not threshold would be recorded as an income tax expense in the current period. Upon the completion of any potential examination by U.S. federal, state or foreign tax jurisdiction in which the Partnership trades, tax adjustments may be necessary and retroactive to all open tax years. If an adjustment is necessary, the Partnership would recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax as income tax expense in the statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no impact to the financial statements relating to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 22 3. Investments and Fair Value The Partnership s assets and liabilities measured at fair value have been categorized based upon the fair value hierarchy as reflected in the condensed schedule of investments. Changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: Purchases Sales Transfers Assets Investments: Private equity 23,605 (1,515,266) - Changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2021 are as follows: Purchases Sales Transfers Assets Investments: Investment funds - - (1,433,092) Private equity 169,737 (1,504,031) - 169,737 (1,504,031) (1,433,092) The Manager has established valuation processes and procedures to ensure each investment s fair value is in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In the event the Partnership has an investment that cannot be readily valued per its valuation procedures as discussed in Note 2, a Valuation Committee has been designated to oversee the valuation process of such investments. The Valuation Committee is comprised of employees of the Manager and meets at least monthly to ensure that each investment is valued in accordance with the Partnership s valuation policy. The Partnership s Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2022 have been valued based upon the transaction price of the most recent offering from the underlying company. No unobservable inputs internally developed by the Manager have been applied to these investments. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 23 3. Investments and Fair Value (continued) The following table summarizes the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used by the Partnership to value its investments categorized within Level 3 as of December 31, 2021. This table is not intended to be all-inclusive, but instead captures the significant unobservable inputs relevant to the Manager s determination of fair values. Assets Fair value Valuation technique Significant unobservable inputs Private equity 906,391 Market approach Earnings multiple The Partnership s other Level 3 investments have been valued using unadjusted third-party quotations. No unobservable inputs internally developed by the Manager have been applied to these investments, thus they have been excluded from the above tables. 4. Derivative Contracts In the normal course of business, the Partnership enters into derivative contracts for investment purposes. The Partnership uses these instruments as part of its trading strategy. The Partnership s policy is to recognize each derivative contract as either an asset or liability and to measure each contract at fair value. The resulting change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation is included in the statements of operations. The Partnership utilizes swap contracts as economic substitutes for investments in equity, indexes, interest rates, credit and other instruments. Swap contracts are arrangements whose valuation and resultant appreciation or depreciation is based upon the fair value fluctuations of an underlying instrument. The Partnership enters into credit default swap contracts which are agreements in which the Partnership or a counterparty pays fixed periodic payments or an agreed-upon fixed fee to a counterparty or the Partnership in consideration for a guarantee from the counterparty or the Partnership to make a specific payment should a negative credit event take place in the underlying credit instrument. At December 31, 2022, the Partnership had outstanding contingent guarantees scheduled to terminate in December 2026 with a notional value of 1,821,000 and a fair value of 391,081. At December 31, 2021, the Partnership has only purchased protection and thus does not have any obligation to make payments resulting from a credit event. Forward contracts obligate the Partnership to either buy or sell an asset at a specified future date and price. Futures contracts are contracts to buy or sell a standardized quantity of a specified instrument on a specified future date. Initial margin deposits are required to trade in the futures market. Futures contracts are marked to market daily. When forward and futures contracts are terminated, the Partnership recognizes a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was entered into and the time it was closed. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 24 4. Derivative Contracts (continued) The Partnership may buy and write put and call options or warrants through the OTC market or through an exchange. The buyer of an option has the right to purchase (in the case of a call option) or sell (in the case of a put option) a specified quantity of a specific financial instrument at a specified price prior to or on a specified expiration date. The writer of an option is exposed to the risk of loss if the market price of the underlying financial instrument declines (in the case of a put option) or increases (in the case of a call option). The premium received by the Partnership upon writing an option contract is recorded as a liability and marked to market on a daily basis. The writer of an option can never profit by more than the premium paid by the buyer. In the case of a written call option, losses could be unlimited and in the case of written put options, losses are limited to the number of contracts written multiplied by the applicable strike price. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership had written call options with a fair value of 1,235,122 and had written put options with a fair value of 6,977,875. As of December 31, 2021, the Partnership had written call options with a fair value of 589,176 and had written put options with a fair value of 922,082. Potential losses on the Partnership s written options are not representative of its net economic exposure as the Partnership has long and short exposure across a variety of different financial instruments, whereby losses on one instrument are offset by gains in other instruments. The following tables set forth the gross fair value of derivative asset and liability contracts by primary risk type as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair values of these derivatives are presented on a gross basis, even when derivatives are subject to master netting arrangements. The tables also include information on the volume of derivative activity that is approximated, on an absolute basis, by the average quarterly outstanding notional amounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 25 4. Derivative Contracts (continued) Derivative contracts as of December 31, 2022: Average Gross derivative Underlying risk type notional amount outstanding Assets Liabilities Commodity: Call options(1) 7,575,761 - - Put options(1) 385,308 - - Futures contracts 2,727,488 142,133 - Credit: Credit default swaps 133,306,871 391,081 3,002,597 Currency: Call options 410,320 - - Put options 602,609 160,498 - Equity price: Call options(1) 11,103,979 1,335,502 87,216 Put options(1) 5,056,144 - - Futures contracts 433,365 - - Total return swaps 23,158,219 1,999,176 638,818 Inflation: Total return swaps 168,362,000 3,945,699 588,231 Interest rate: Call options 499,629,407 - 1,147,906 Put options 13,056,500 8,733,063 6,977,875 Futures contracts 899,900 839,861 - 17,547,013 12,442,643 (1) Average notional amounts presented are based on the quarterly delta-adjusted exposure for the respective underlying investment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 26 4. Derivative Contracts (continued) Derivative contracts as of December 31, 2021: Average Gross derivative Underlying risk type notional amount outstanding Assets Liabilities Commodity: Call options(1) 2,433,848 756,240 489,900 Put options(1) 577,989 - 287,590 Futures contracts 2,779,383 154,944 - Total return swaps 1,215,920 - - Credit: Credit default swaps 101,477,700 - 5,161,909 Currency: Call options 1,022,718 - - Equity price: Call options(1) 9,715,044 242,288 99,276 Put options(1) 24,084,512 85,353 634,492 Futures contracts 326,250 - - Total return swaps 29,473,943 1,299,409 578,438 Interest rate: Call options 2,595,761,379 - - Futures contracts 24,341,250 3,277 1,296 2,541,511 7,252,901 (1) Average notional amounts presented are based on the quarterly delta-adjusted exposure for the respective underlying investment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 27 4. Derivative Contracts (continued) The following is a summary of the components of the gains and losses on derivative contracts reported in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022: Underlying risk type Net realized gain on derivative contracts Net change in unrealized appreciation on derivative contracts Commodity: Call options 336,829 (110,643) Put options 457,184 (142,791) Futures contracts 856,605 (12,916) Credit: Credit default swaps (3,592,695) 5,573,600 Currency: Call options (403,063) - Put options 250,959 (1,179,854) Equity price: Call options 1,825,068 403,831 Put options (4,721,656) 561,039 Futures contracts 2,102,457 - Total return swaps 8,494,976 639,389 Inflation: Total return swaps - 3,354,415 Interest rate: Call options (1,722,855) 341,138 Put options 3,536,779 (147,867) Futures contracts 3,284,579 836,161 Total return swaps 26,569 - 10,731,736 10,115,502 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 28 4. Derivative Contracts (continued) The following is a summary of the components of the gains and losses on derivative contracts reported in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021: Underlying risk type Net realized loss on derivative contracts Net change in unrealized appreciation on derivative contracts Commodity: Call options 88,752 110,643 Put options 177,260 142,791 Futures contracts 11,885 143,416 Total return swaps 474,860 (330,460) Credit: Credit default swaps (1,711,118) (140,181) Currency: Call options 1,556,740 - Equity price: Call options 6,944,673 (542,062) Put options (14,256,563) 3,208,633 Futures contracts 638,141 (629,597) Total return swaps 5,610,246 3,036,459 Interest rate: Call options (976,105) - Futures contracts (623,830) 835 (2,065,059) 5,000,477 The following is a summary of the components of the gains and losses on derivative contracts reported in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020: Underlying risk type Net realized loss on derivative contracts Net change in unrealized depreciation on derivative contracts Commodity: Futures contracts (79,548) 11,514 Total return swaps (2,096,899) 97,972 Credit: Credit default swaps (570,524) (1,107,620) Equity price: Call options 238,507 40,250 Put options (11,689,664) 5,968,405 Warrants (93,439) 139,330 Futures contracts 6,043,759 629,596 Total return swaps 3,309,193 (5,992,551) Interest rate: Put options 349,592 - Total return swaps (2,237,093) 1,122,445 (6,826,116) 909,341 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 29 4. Derivative Contracts (continued) The Partnership s OTC derivative contracts are generally entered into with its counterparties pursuant to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA Master Agreement and related documentation. If the Partnership were to default under a provision of this agreement, the counterparty could terminate the applicable derivative contract and request immediate payment of any amounts due to it or pay the Partnership any amounts due to the Partnership pursuant to such agreement. The Partnership s statements of assets, liabilities and partners capital includes derivative contracts that are eligible for offset and that are subject to a fully-executed master netting arrangement. The Partnership presents these contracts on a gross basis (without taking into account any offset). A master netting arrangement could allow the counterparty to net payment obligations and liabilities (including collateral held by the counterparty) that the counterparty owes to the Partnership against payment obligations and liabilities (including collateral held by the Partnership) that the Partnership owes to the counterparty. As of December 31, 2022, the following table provides, by counterparty, what amounts the counterparties could offset under master netting arrangements against the gross derivative assets and liabilities set forth in the Partnership s statement of assets, liabilities and partners capital: Gross derivative assets(1) Gross derivative liabilities subject to master netting arrangements Cash collateral held that could be offset Net amounts Counterparty A 721,048 (249,621) - 471,427 Counterparty C 5,147,098 (3,590,828) - 1,556,270 Counterparty D 1,295,960 (56,472) - 1,239,488 Counterparty E 91,745 (83,187) - 8,558 Counterparty I 536,563 - - 536,563 Total 7,792,414 (3,980,108) - 3,812,306 (1) Derivative assets exclude futures of 981,994, call options of 39,542 and put options of 8,733,063, which are not subject to master netting arrangements. Gross derivative liabilities(1) Gross derivative assets subject to master netting arrangements Cash collateral posted that could be offset Net amounts Counterparty A 249,621 (249,621) - - Counterparty C 3,590,828 (3,590,828) - - Counterparty D 56,472 (56,472) - - Counterparty E 83,187 (83,187) - - Counterparty F 306,008 - (306,008) - Total 4,286,116 (3,980,108) (306,008) - (1) Derivative liabilities exclude call options of 1,178,650 and put options of 6,977,875, which are not subject to master netting arrangements. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 30 4. Derivative Contracts (continued) As of December 31, 2021, the following table provides, by counterparty, what amounts the counterparties could offset under master netting arrangements against the gross derivative assets and liabilities set forth in the Partnership s statement of assets, liabilities and partners capital: Gross derivative assets(1) Gross derivative liabilities subject to master netting arrangements Cash collateral held that could be offset Net amounts Counterparty A 599,276 (548,176) - 51,100 Counterparty C 135,169 (135,169) - - Counterparty D 155,100 (155,100) - - Counterparty F 409,864 (29,360) - 380,504 Total 1,299,409 (867,805) - 431,604 (1) Derivative assets exclude futures of 158,221, call options of 998,528 and put options of 85,353, which are not subject to master netting arrangements. Gross derivative liabilities(1) Gross derivative assets subject to master netting arrangements Cash collateral posted that could be offset Net amounts Counterparty A 548,176 (548,176) - - Counterparty C 5,161,909 (135,169) (5,026,740) - Counterparty D 248,970 (155,100) (93,870) - Counterparty E 374,142 - (374,142) - Counterparty F 29,360 (29,360) - - Total 6,362,557 (867,805) (5,494,752) - (1) Derivative liabilities exclude put options of 299,872, call options of 589,176 and futures of 1,296, which are not subject to master netting arrangements. 5. Due From/To Brokers The due from/to brokers balances in the accompanying statements of assets, liabilities and partners capital include cash, margin debt balances, collateral pledged or received and amounts receivable or payable for investment transactions that have not yet settled at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, due from brokers included 19,512,354 and 14,701,386, respectively, related to collateral balances underlying the Partnership s derivative contracts, which may be restricted in nature. The cash at the brokers, at times, may exceed the amount insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 31 6. Partnership Terms and Related Party Transactions Management Fees The Partnership pays the Manager, an affiliate of the general partner, a monthly management fee in advance equal to 0.125 (1.5 per annum) of each limited partner s Investment Portfolio, in accordance with the Partnership Agreement (the Agreement ). The Investment Portfolio is equal to the product of a limited partner s capital account at the beginning of each month multiplied by a ratio agreed upon by the Partners in accordance with the Agreement. Allocation of Income (Loss) and Performance Allocation The Agreement specifies that the net increase or decrease in partners capital resulting from operations for each fiscal period shall be allocated to the partners in proportion to the ratio of each partner s capital account to the sum of all capital accounts with the exception of net income or loss on security transactions deemed new issues New Issues as defined by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ). The net increase on New Issues is allocated to the Partners based on each partner s eligibility to participate in New Issues. The Agreement also specifies that any investment may, from time to time, be deemed a Designated Security by the Manager. The net increase or decrease on Designated Securities will be allocated as deemed appropriate by the Manager. At the end of each calendar year, 20 of the net increase in partners capital resulting from operations (subject to a reduction to 10 for an amount equal to any carryforward loss as specified in the Agreement) is reallocated to the capital account of the general partner from the capital account of each limited partner as a performance allocation. Withdrawal Policy The Limited Partners may withdraw all or part of their capital account with a three day notice period, subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in the Agreement. The general partner shall give ten days written notice to the Limited Partners prior to making a withdrawal that would cause its capital account to be less than ten percent of the aggregate capital accounts of all partners. Contribution Policy The Limited Partners may contribute capital to the Partnership in accordance with the Agreement. From time to time, the general partner may contribute additional capital to ensure that its capital account balance is at least ten percent of the aggregate capital account balances of all partners. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 32 6. Partnership Terms and Related Party Transactions (continued) Other Related Party Transactions The President of the Manager serves as the chairman of the board of directors of Green Brick Partners, Inc. The Partnership is responsible for the payment of its own operating and other expenses. For operational efficiency, an affiliate of the Manager may act as a common pay agent and pay for some of these expenses on behalf of the Partnership and will subsequently be reimbursed. There was no such liability on December 31, 2022 or 2021. 7. Risks In the normal course of business, the performance of any investment is subject to numerous factors which are not predictable by or within the control of the Partnership. Such factors include a wide range of economic, political, competitive and other conditions that may affect investments in general or specific industries or companies. These investments may include investments sold short, commodities, options, swaps and other derivative contracts. The Partnership s investment objective necessarily subjects the Partnership to various significant risks, both on and off balance sheet, including those that follow. The following summary is not intended to be a comprehensive summary of all risks relating to the operations and investment activities that the Partnership is exposed to. Market Risk Market risk represents the potential loss that can be caused by a change in the fair value of an investment. The Partnership s exposure to market risk may be due to many factors, including the movement in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, indices, market volatility, and commodity and security values underlying its investments. Lack of Valuation Data; Limited Liquidity of Investments The Partnership may invest in securities and other assets which are subject to legal or other restrictions on transfer or for which no liquid market exists. The market prices for such investments tend to be volatile and may not be readily ascertainable, and the Partnership may not be able to sell such investments when the Partnership desires to do so or to realize what the Partnership perceives to be the fair value of such investments in the event of a sale. The Partnership may not be able to readily dispose of such illiquid investments and, in some cases, may be contractually prohibited from disposing of such investments for a specified period of time. Restricted securities may sell at a price lower than similar securities that are not subject to restrictions on resale. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 33 7. Risks (continued) Potential Concentration of Investments The Partnership seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio. Although the Manager expects to spread the Partnership s capital among a number of investments, it may depart from such policy from time to time and may hold a few, relatively large positions in relation to the Partnership s capital (subject to the investment guidelines per the Agreement). Since the Partnership s portfolio is not necessarily widely diversified, the net assets of the Partnership may be subject to more rapid changes in value than would be the case if the Partnership maintained a more diversified investment portfolio. Investments in Foreign Securities Investments in foreign securities involve certain risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. securities, such as risks relating to (a) currency exchange matters between the U.S. dollar and the various foreign currencies in which the Partnership s portfolio securities will be denominated and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another, (b) differences between the U.S. and foreign securities markets, (c) political, social or economic instability, and (d) certain tax-related risks including, without limitation, uncertainties in the application of tax laws by non-U.S. jurisdictions, the imposition of withholding and other taxes on dividends, interest, capital gains or other income. Investments Sold Short Short sales require the Partnership to borrow a security that it does not own. If the price of a security sold short increases, the Partnership may have to provide additional collateral to maintain the short position. This could require the Partnership to increase the amount of the Partnership s leverage or sell other portfolio investments to provide such additional collateral. Also, the lender of the securities sold short can request their return. Under adverse market conditions, the Partnership might not be able to purchase securities to meet the delivery requirement or may not be able to borrow securities from other lenders. In such an event, the Partnership may be subject to a mandatory close-out of the short position, which could result in unintended costs and losses. It may not be possible to borrow securities when the Manager wishes to make a short sale, particularly in illiquid markets. Traditional lenders of securities might be less likely to lend securities under certain market conditions. As a result, the Partnership may not be able to effectively pursue a short selling strategy due to a limited supply of securities available for borrowing. In addition, regulatory authorities may impose restrictions and prohibitions on short selling activities that could adversely affect the Partnership s ability to engage in short sales or borrow certain securities in connection with short sales. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 34 7. Risks (continued) Leverage As part of the Partnership s investment strategy (subject to the investment guidelines per the Agreement) and subject to applicable margin and other limitations, the Partnership may borrow funds from its counterparties in order to make additional investments and thereby increase both the possibility of gain and risk of loss. Consequently, the effect of fluctuations in the market value of the Partnership s portfolio would be amplified. In addition, the Partnership could potentially create leverage via the use of instruments such as options, swaps and other derivative contracts. Credit Risk Although the Partnership intends to enter into transactions only with counterparties that the Manager believes to be creditworthy, there can be no assurance that a counterparty will not default and that the Partnership will not sustain a loss on a transaction as a result. If an obligor (such as the issuer or a party offering credit enhancement) for an investment held by the Partnership, a counterparty to a derivative contract with the Partnership, or a prime broker or other service provider to the Partnership, fails to pay, otherwise defaults or is perceived to be less creditworthy, a security s credit rating is downgraded or the credit quality or value of any underlying assets declines, the value of such investment could decline. In addition, the Partnership may incur expenses to protect the Partnership s interests in securities experiencing these events. Counterparty Risk The Partnership has relationships that provide prime brokerage, derivative intermediation and financing services that permit the Partnership to trade in a variety of markets and asset classes as well as custody its cash, investments and derivatives. However, there can be no assurance that the Partnership will be able to maintain such relationships. An inability to maintain such relationships could limit the Partnership s trading activities, create losses, preclude the Partnership from engaging in certain transactions or prevent the Partnership from trading at optimal rates and terms. The assets of the Partnership will generally be held in accounts maintained for it by its prime brokers or in accounts with other market participants, including non-U.S. sub-custodians. The accounts generally will not be segregated, bankruptcy-remote accounts titled in the Partnership s name and, therefore, a failure of any broker or market participant is likely to have a greater adverse impact than if the assets, or the accounts in which they are held, were registered in the name of the Partnership. In addition, because the Partnership s investments generally will be held in margin accounts, and the prime brokers will have the ability to lend those securities to other market participants, the Partnership s ability to recover all of its assets in the context of a bankruptcy or other failure of a prime broker may be further limited. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 35 7. Risks (continued) Counterparty Risk (continued) Many of the markets in which the Partnership will effect transactions are not exchange-based. The stability and liquidity of OTC transactions will depend in large part on the creditworthiness of the parties to the transactions. OTC transactions could expose the Partnership to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms or because of a credit or liquidity problem, causing the Partnership to suffer a loss. Such counterparty risk is accentuated where the Partnership has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. If a counterparty defaults, under normal circumstances the Partnership will have contractual remedies against the counterparty. However, exercising such contractual rights may involve delays or costs. Furthermore, there is a risk that a counterparty could become insolvent. In such an event, the Partnership s ability to recover securities from such counterparty or receive payment of claims therefore may be significantly delayed and the Partnership may recover less than the full value of its securities. This is particularly true with respect to counterparties located in jurisdictions outside the United States where the application of non-U.S. insolvency laws may be subject to substantial limitations and uncertainties. Currency Risk It is expected that the Partnership s portfolio will contain investments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in the value of other currencies against the value of the U.S. dollar could have an adverse impact on the performance of the Partnership. The Partnership may enter into currency hedging transactions, but is not required or expected to do so, and such transactions have an associated cost that could reduce investment returns. Spot and forward currency prices are highly volatile and price movements for spot and forward currency contracts may be influenced by, among other things, the foregoing risks. Commitments In the normal course of business, the Partnership enters into contracts that contain a variety of representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Partnership s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve future claims against the Partnership that have not yet occurred. However, the Partnership has not had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts and expects the risk of loss to be remote. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership is committed to invest up to 6,185,568, and 6,364,159, respectively, of additional capital in various investments. 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 36 7. Risks (continued) Contingencies The Partnership s investment activities expose the Partnership to legal and tax matters that may result in contingencies including threatened or asserted litigations or claims. Any such matters that give rise to probable litigation and can be reasonably estimated are accrued. Based on its current assessment of any ongoing matters, the Partnership expects the loss from any such contingencies to be remote and there are no accruals for any such matters at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 8. Financial Highlights The financial highlights represent the Partnership s financial performance for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 and for the period from September 1, 2018 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2018, which has not been annualized. An individual limited partner s performance may vary based on the timing of capital transactions, applicable loss carryforward, participation in New Issues and allocation of Designated Securities. The net investment loss ratio does not include the effect of any performance allocation. Total return is computed based on geometric linking of monthly returns of the Limited Partners capital, as required by U.S. GAAP, which differ from returns based upon the Limited Partners Investment Portfolio. Monthly rates of return are compounded to derive total return for the year. The expense and net investment loss ratios are calculated based on the expenses and net investment loss allocated to the Limited Partners capital accounts during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 and the period from September 1, 2018 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2018. For the year ended December 31, For the period ended December 31, 2018 2022 2021 2020 2019 Percentages to average Limited Partners capital: Expenses 3.7 3.4 2.5 3.6 2.2 Performance allocation 3.5 1.1 0.2 2.0 - Total expenses and performance allocation 7.2 4.5 2.7 5.6 2.2 Net investment loss (2.1) (3.0) (1.7) (1.3) (1.1) Total return before performance allocation 39.9 9.7 4.8 18.9 (18.2) Performance allocation (4.0) (1.2) (0.3) (1.7) - Total return after performance allocation 35.9 8.5 4.5 17.2 (18.2) 

Solasglas Investments, LP Notes to Financial Statements (continued) 37 9. Subsequent Events Subsequent events have been evaluated by the Manager from January 1, 2023 through March 8, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued. The Manager has determined that there are no material events that would require disclosure in the Partnership s financial statements. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 glre-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 glre-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 glre-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 glre-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 glre-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

