<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1842566_0001213900-23-024845.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4375569</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>502465</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>869133</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>974195</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1002031</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>915947</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024845.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330195223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024845
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BYTE Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40222
		FILM NUMBER:		23782414

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 979-5995

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Byte Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024845.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_byteacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________ TO ________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, 0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant BYTSU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 BYTSW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value
of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately . 

As of March 31, 2023 the
Registrant had of its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and of its Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001
par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 ii 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 53 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 53 

PART II 
 
 54 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 54 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED]. 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 55 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 60 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 60 

PART III 
 
 61 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 61 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 65 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 66 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 68 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 69 

PART IV 
 
 70 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 70 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 71 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 72 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS and risk factor summary 

Some of the statements contained
in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward- looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward- looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward- looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements
about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

ii 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk
Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date (as defined below) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

iii 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

An investment in the Public Offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

iv 

PART
I 

References in this report
to we, us or the Company refer to BYTE Acquisition Corp. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Byte Holdings
LP, a Cayman Islands limited partnership. References to our initial shareholders refer to the holders of Founder Shares. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to herein as our initial
business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry, we intend to focus
our search for targets in the Israeli technology industry, including those engaged in cybersecurity, automotive technology, fintech, enterprise
software, cloud computing, semiconductors, medical technology, AI and robotics and that offer a differentiated technology platform and
products. 

Our international management
team is comprised of accomplished technology, finance, investment and merchant banking professionals with strong ties to the Israeli technology
sector. Israel is one of the fastest-growing innovation and technology hubs in the world and has earned the moniker of Start-up
Nation as a result of having the largest number of startups per capita in the world. Moreover, Israel is becoming a Scale-up
Nation with a number of Unicorns growing rapidly. Although we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry,
sector or geography, we intend to leverage our intimate knowledge and network and focus on these innovative, high-growth Israeli technology
companies seeking access to the capital markets. 

On March 23, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company,
par value 0.0001 per share Class A ordinary shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ),
with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 300,000,000. The underwriter was granted
a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at 10.00 per Unit. On April 7, 2021, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in part and purchased an additional
2,369,251 Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of 23,692,510 (such offering, including the exercise
of the over-allotment, the IPO or Public Offering ). 

On January 22, 2021, pursuant
to an agreement by and between the Company and Byte Holdings LP (the Sponsor ), our Sponsor purchased 8,625,000 Class B ordinary
shares (the founder shares for 25,000. Prior thereto, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of
founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares
after the IPO. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to a private placement units purchase agreement (the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement ), the
Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 1,030,000 private placement units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per
private placement unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 10,300,000 (the Private Placement ). The private placement
units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except that the private placement warrants underlying the private placement units, so
long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by
the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis, and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.
The Private Placement was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

1 

A total of 323,692,510, comprised
of 317,218,660 of the proceeds from the IPO and sale of the Over-Allotment Units (which amount included 11,329,238 of the underwriters 
deferred discount) and 6,473,850 of the proceeds of sales of the private placement units to the Sponsor, including the Private Placement,
was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to
pay its taxes, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion
of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in
the IPO and sale of the Over-Allotment Units public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem 100 
of the public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination by the Extended Date (as defined below) or with
respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii)
the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination by the Extended Date, subject
to applicable law. 

After the payment of underwriting
discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of 11,329,238 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will
be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination if consummated) and approximately 0.7 million in expenses relating to
the Public Offering, approximately 1.8 million of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and Private Placement was not deposited into
the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on deposit
in the Trust Account earning interest. As of December 31, 2022 there was 323,716,979 in investments held in the Trust Account and 1,054,581
of cash held outside the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, none of the funds had been withdrawn
from the Trust Account to fund the Company s working capital expenses. 

Extension 

The Company had until March
23, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. On March 16, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders
(the EGM ). In this meeting the shareholders approved amendments to the Company s Articles to extend the date by which
the Company must complete an initial business combination from March 23, 2023 to September 25, 2023 (the Extension and such
date, the Extended Date ). In connection with the EGM, shareholders holding an aggregate of 30,006,034 shares of the Company s
Class A Ordinary Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for 10.20 per share of the funds held in the Company s trust
account, leaving approximately 24.1 million in the trust account after such redemption. 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

On March 8, 2023, the Company
entered into non-redemption agreements (collectively, the Non-Redemption Agreements with certain of its existing shareholders
(the Non-Redeeming Shareholders holding Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements,
each of the Non-Redeeming Shareholders agreed to (a) not redeem 1,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares held by them on the date of the Non-Redemption
Agreements (the Shares in connection with the vote to amend the Company s Articles to extend the date by which the
Company has to consummate an initial business combination from March 23, 2023 to September 25, 2023 and (b) vote their Shares in favor
of the Extension presented by the Company for approval by its shareholders. In connection with the foregoing, the Company agreed to pay
to each Non-Redeeming Shareholder 0.033 per Share in cash per month through the Extended Date. 

2 

Letter of Intent 

On March 10, 2023, the Company
issued a press release announcing that it has entered into a non-binding letter of intent LOI for a business combination
with Airship AI Holdings, Inc. Airship AI ). Airship AI, a robust AI-driven edge video, sensor and data management platform
for government agencies and enterprises that gathers unstructured data from surveillance cameras and sensors, applies artificial intelligence AI analytics, and provides visualization tools to improve decision making in mission critical environments. Under the
terms of the LOI, the Company and Airship AI would become a combined entity, with Airship AI s existing equity holders rolling 100 
of their equity into the combined public company. The proposed transaction values Airship AI at an enterprise value of 290 million. The
Company expects to announce additional details regarding the proposed business combination when a definitive merger agreement is executed. 

Our Management Team 

Our team is comprised
of Israeli technology leaders and entrepreneurs, as well as finance, investment and merchant banking executives with multi-national operational
and transactional experience drawn from top global institutions including Microsoft, Sony, Texas Instruments, Jerusalem Venture Partners,
Societe Generale, Bank of America Corporation, Nomura and BNY Mellon. Furthermore, the members of our Board have a variety of experience
and expertise in growing and operating technology companies, as well as experience as investors and entrepreneurs. We have completed over
50 initial public offerings, mergers and acquisitions and financing transactions amounting to billions of dollars in aggregate deal value.
Our management team also has extensive experience in operating public and private companies, serving on both public and private company
boards of directors, including leading technology companies and financial institutions. As a result, we have strong knowledge and experience
in financial, legal and regulatory matters, initial public offerings and private equity and venture capital. 

We capitalize on the significant
contacts and experience of our management team and Board, including Kobi Rozengarten, our Executive Chairman, Samuel Gloor, our Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director, Vadim Komissarov, a director, Oded Melamed, a director, and Louis Lebedin, a
director, to identify, evaluate and acquire a target business. 

We believe that our position
in the Israeli tech ecosystem, as well as our broad networks of contacts and relationships provides us with an important source of potential
initial business combination targets. In addition, we believe that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various
unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting
firms and large business enterprises. 

3 

Kobi Rozengarten, our Executive
Chairman, has over 35 years of experience in investment and management positions in the multinational and Israeli technology sector, with
a focus on the fields of semiconductors, cloud computing, and enterprise software. Mr. Rozengarten has been the Chief Executive Officer
of Rozengarten Management Ltd. since December 2008. Mr. Rozengarten has experience as a sponsor of various SPACs since 2019. As an entrepreneur,
venture capitalist and board member, Mr. Rozengarten has led 12 start-ups with a total exit value of over 2.5 billion. Mr. Rozengarten
served from 2007 to 2019 as a General Partner and then as Managing Partner in Jerusalem Venture Partners, a leading Israeli venture capital
firm with 1.5 billion assets under management. In this capacity, Mr. Rozengarten led or co-led more than 25 deals and was instrumental
in leading many of Jerusalem Venture Partners s exits including the sale of Altair Semiconductor to Sony, CyOptics, Inc. to Avago,
XtremIO to EMC and Dune Network to Broadcom Inc. From 1997 to 2007, Mr. Rozengarten served as a COO and President of Saifun Semiconductors
Ltd., a leading provider of IP solutions for the non-volatile (Flash) memory market, and was responsible for the formulation and execution
of the company s business strategy and co-led its IPO on Nasdaq, raising 270 million at a valuation of 1 billion. From 1987 to
1996, Mr. Rozengarten held multiple positions, as VP of Operation and VP of Business Development with K S, a US based leading supplier
of equipment for the semiconductor industry, and was the Managing Director of Micro-Swiss, K S s subsidiary in Israel. Mr. Rozengarten
began his career in 1983 as a programmer and Financial Controller at Elbit Systems Ltd., an Israel-based international defense electronics
company. Mr. Rozengarten serves as a member of the Board of Governors of Technion. He holds B.Sc. and M.Sc. degrees in Industrial and
Management Engineering from Technion and participated in an Executive MBA program at Stanford University. 

Samuel Gloor has been our Chief
Financial Officer since January 2021 and our Chief Executive Officer since November 2022. Mr. Gloor is an experienced investment banker
that has transacted in the TMT, consumer, healthcare, industrial, oil gas and specialty finance verticals. Since November 2020,
Mr. Gloor has been the Founder and Managing Member of Sagara Group, LLC, where he specializes in strategic consulting and business services
for growth-stage companies, alternative asset managers and others. From October 2018 to August 2020, Mr. Gloor was a member of the Financial
Institutions Group at Nomura specializing in SPAC and Specialty Finance investment banking. From November 2014 to September 2018, Mr.
Gloor was a member of the Advisory Financing Group at Societe Generale Corporate Investment Banking, where he provided event-driven
bridge and term lending and capital structure advisory services to blue-chip corporate clients and completed several prominent financing
transactions supporting M A and corporate actions. Mr. Gloor received an M.Sc. in Accounting and Finance from the London School of
Economics and Political Science in London, United Kingdom and a BBA from the Norwegian Business School in Oslo, Norway. 

Vadim Komissarov, one of our
directors, is a seasoned investment and merchant banker with over 20 years of international experience in technology and telecommunications,
including advising companies in large investments in the high-tech telecom industry. Mr. Komissarov has been a Director and Chief Financial
Officer of Trident Acquisitions Corp since April 2016, the Chief Executive Officer of Trident Acquisitions Corp since November 2020, and
since May 2015, has been the Chief Executive Officer of VK Consulting. From April 2019 to November 2020, Mr. Komissarov was a Founder
and Director of Netfin, which merged and completed a 250 million business combination with Triterras in November 2020. From 2014 through
2015, Mr. Komissarov represented The UMW Holdings Berhad as an Investment Advisor. From 1999 to 2014, Mr. Komissarov held senior level
management positions with Russian investment banks such as Troika Dialog and Vnesheconombank. In his role as Executive Director of Globex
Capital and Chairman of Vnesheconombank Capital Americas, Mr. Komissarov was responsible for its worldwide corporate finance practice
from September 2009 to March 2014. Mr. Komissarov started his investment banking career in 1998 in New York working for international
banks, including Merrill and BNY Mellon, handling private equity transactions and alternative dispute resolution programs for Eastern
European clients. Mr. Komissarov holds an MBA degree from New York University s Stern School of Business. 

4 

Oded Melamed, one of our directors,
is an entrepreneur with over 30 years of experience in management positions in the Israeli high-tech sector. Mr. Melamed is currently
the Chief Executive Officer of Kiralis Technologies Ltd., a company enabling the development of safer drugs by providing affordable and
timely access to pure enantiomers. From 2005 to 2019, Mr. Melamed was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Altair Semiconductor,
a leading semiconductor company in the cellular IoT space. The company was acquired by Sony in 2016 for 212 million. Prior to founding
Altair Semiconductor, Mr. Melamed was Director of Cable Modem Communications at Texas Instruments from 1999 to 2005. In this role, he
managed Altair Semiconductor after its acquisition by Texas Instruments, and played a key role in transitioning the business into profitability.
From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Melamed was product line manager at Libit Signal Processing Ltd., an Israeli fabless semiconductor start-up company
that developed CATV modems. Libit Signal Processing Ltd. was acquired by Texas Instruments in 1999 for 365 million. From 1995 to 1997,
Mr. Melamed was with Motorola Solutions, Inc., and was involved in the development and deployment of the first CDMA cellular system in
Israel. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Melamed was an officer in the Israel Defense Force, Intelligence Corps. He holds B.Sc. and M.Sc. degrees
in Electrical Engineering, Cum Laude, from Tel-Aviv University, and an EMBA degree from Kellogg-Recanati International Executive MBA program,
Northwestern University/Tel-Aviv University. 

Louis Lebedin, one of our
directors, has over 25 years of banking experience with a proven track record of building and leading a world class business. From 2017
to 2019, Mr. Lebedin served as an advisor to Unio Capital LLC, an asset management firm, responsible for product development. From 2006
to 2012, Mr. Lebedin was global head of JP Morgan s prime brokerage business, a leading provider of clearing and financing services
for equity and fixed income hedge funds. He was responsible for defining and executing the strategy for the business, to expand its market
share while continuing to meet the evolving needs of its hedge fund clients. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Lebedin served on JP Morgan Clearing
Corp. s Operations Committee and the Equities Division s Executive Committee. From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Lebedin was the chief
operating officer and chief financial officer of Bear Stearns s Global Clearing Services division. Mr. Lebedin joined the Clearance
Division in 1988 assuming the role of controller before being promoted to chief financial officer in 1996. From 1980 to 1987, he worked
at Coopers Lybrand, rising to the level of audit manager specializing in financial services. Mr. Lebedin holds a B.S. in accounting
from Syracuse University, and he earned his CPA license in 1982. 

With respect to the above,
past experience or performance of our management team and the businesses with which they have been associated is not a guarantee of either
(i) our ability to successfully identify and consummate a business combination or (ii) success with respect to any business combination
that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or the businesses with which they have been
associated as indicative of our future performance. 

Business Strategy 

We believe that the wide network
of our management team delivers access to a broad spectrum of business combination opportunities across the technology sector and specifically
those that are located in Israel. The concept of special purpose acquisition companies is relatively new to Israeli companies and thought
leaders. Our intimate knowledge and connections within this market will help us identify targets that can best utilize the tools as well
as the operational and financial expertise within our management team, and eventually act as a pathway to the public market for best-in-class private
companies. 

We intend to target technology
companies that we consider to have strong management teams, robust growth prospects and that provide a differentiated product or service.
Opportunities range from high-growth, disruptive technologies to more mature, high-margin, stable businesses with established market presence
and leadership position. 

5 

Because we believe that certain
domains present particularly strong growth opportunities, we intend to focus primarily on the following technology sectors: 

Cybersecurity 

Enterprise software and SaaS 

FinTech 

Automotive technology, including autonomous driving and EV 

Semiconductor 

Medical Technology 

AI 

Robotics 

Cloud computing 

While we see opportunities
in the above market segments, we do not limit our search to only those segments of the tech ecosystem, but target a wide variety of companies
that deliver a unique technology solution, disruptive product or service instead. We believe that our extensive experience and demonstrated
success in both investing and operating businesses in this industry has culminated in a unique set of capabilities, such as: 

Management and operating expertise : Our management team has extensive experience in the tech industry and contacts that will enhance our ability to identify appropriate business combination candidates. The members of our management team have managed public and private companies, served as board members in public and private companies, have the experience managing large-scale operations, and can bring significant value, both operationally and strategically to target companies. 

Status as a public company : Many venture capital, entrepreneur or private equity-owned companies lack the public market currency needed to grow and take the next step in its evolution. We believe that our company provides a solution that will enable accelerated growth of the target. Our vast experience growing companies, as well as taking companies public, will bring significant value to the target company. 

Business Combination Criteria 

We have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target companies. We use these criteria and guidelines
in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target
company that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

High Growth and Large Addressable Markets . We intend to seek out opportunities in large markets and fast-growing technology segments. 

Companies with Strong Market Position . We intend to pursue an initial business combination with companies that have a defensible market position, with demonstrated advantages when compared to their competitors and which create barriers to entry against new competitors. 

6 

Companies with
 Competitive Technological Edge . We intend to pursue an initial business combination with companies that have developed or
 have access to technologies that give them a competitive advantage, are utilizing or are able to utilize such technologies to expand
 their customer base, increase market share and outperform their peers through innovation, which we believe can drive improved
 financial performance. 

Companies with a
 Strong Management Team . We will select companies with a strong management team that is passionate about their business, have
 the capability as well as the expertise to grow their business, capable of defining their long-term strategy, excel in
 execution, and have the expertise to develop great products and services. 

Companies with
 Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We intend to pursue an initial business combination with companies that have
 multiple, diverse potential drivers of revenue and earnings growth. 

Companies that Can
 Benefit from Access to Capital . We intend to pursue an initial business combination with fundamentally sound companies that
 display unrecognized value, a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy by utilizing access to capital through
 an initial business combination with us and access to broader capital markets by being a publicly traded company. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into a business combination with a target company that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will
disclose that the target company does not meet the above named criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target company, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections
of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair
market value test. Our Board will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our Board
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial
advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting
firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our Board will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced
with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets
or prospects. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior
to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of
new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 of fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will
be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions. 

7 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the
business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we
seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent
accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management
team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement units and, accordingly, may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

Further, each of our officers
and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation
of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
combination. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to at least one other entity pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she
has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our Articles provide
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete
on a reasonable basis. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will
materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, our sponsor and
our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business
or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential
conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

We have previously filed a
Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.
We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent
to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative
to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction
with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock or shares in the target business for our Class
A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor
the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost
effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes
a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses, market
and other uncertainties in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show
efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

8 

Furthermore, once a proposed
business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent
the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target
business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders 
interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting
a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of
the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at
least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary
shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than
 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market
value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a
business combination in the amount of 24.1 million (assuming no further redemptions), we offer a target business a variety of options,
such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or
equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us
to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure
third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of the private placement units, the proceeds of
the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements
we may enter into following the consummation of the IPO or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank
or other lenders or the owners of the target, other securities issuances, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

9 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may use the balance
of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies, or for working capital. 

While we may pursue an initial
business combination target in any industry, we intend to focus our search on companies with advanced and highly differentiated solutions
for the technology sector. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in the IPO to evaluate the possible merits or risks of
the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks
inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying
all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do
nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds
of the IPO and the sale of the private placement units, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount
available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek
additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an
initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing
the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval
of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or
through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of
our sponsors, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
combination. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that
target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, private
investment funds and other members of the financial and fintech communities. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by
such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to
target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their
affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as
a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition,
we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a
result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging
the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage
these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation
to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the
extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or
if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest
to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be
paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or
directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the
company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). In addition, we pay Sagara Group, LLC 10,000 per month for office space,
utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team. We may also elect to make
payment of customary fees to members of our board of directors for director service. Any such payments prior to our initial business
combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than the foregoing, there will be no finder s fees,
reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to
effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

10 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
or from completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a
financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring
of Our Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of
financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular
target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of,
and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result
in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting
fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial
business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any
of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

11 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our Articles. However, we will seek
shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business
or other reasons. 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest earned on the trust account (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The decision as to whether
we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and
legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: (i) the timing of the transaction, including in the
event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval
or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; (ii) the
expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; (iii) the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;
(iv) other time and budget constraints of the company; and (v) additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would
be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of
the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions,
they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or
if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

12 

In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have
already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem
their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer
rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the
purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such
rules. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our initial shareholders, officers, directors or
their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption
requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private
purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares
for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already
submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder
meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select
which shareholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant,
and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the
extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon
Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of
two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account will initially be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they may
hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

13 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our Articles provide that
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition,
our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or
its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for
redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed
the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class
A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance
of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including
pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following the closing of the IPO, in order to, among
other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business
combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) without a shareholder
vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder
approval under SEC rules), as described above under the heading Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or
seek to amend our Articles would require shareholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq,
we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval rules. 

The requirement that we provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above will be contained in
provisions of our Articles and applies whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such
provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon, so long as we offer redemption
in connection with such amendment. 

If we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a general meeting, we will, pursuant to our Articles: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

14 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting
will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person
or by proxy. Our sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO
(including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking
approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is
obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares and private placement shares, we would not need any
of the public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely
that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general
meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

If a shareholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we
are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer
and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate
any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

We intend to require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth
in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days
prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection
with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request
for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares
is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection
with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements.
We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or
action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed
initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates
or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares. 

15 

Our Articles provide that
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition,
our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or
its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for
redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed
the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class
A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance
of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO, in order
to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of
Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our Articles provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person
with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage
shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their
redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than
an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not
purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting
our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small
group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection
with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of
cash. 

However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
If No Initial Business Combination 

Our Articles provide that
we will have until the Extended Date to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
by the Extended Date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business
combination by the Extended Date. 

16 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public
companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent,
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently utilize office space
at 445 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10022 from Sagara Group, LLC as our executive offices. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have one officer:
Samuel Gloor. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much
of his time as he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he will
devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the
stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. 

Available Information 

We are required to file Annual
Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material
events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary
course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website
is located at http://www.sec.gov . In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from
us in writing 445 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10022 or by telephone at (917) 969-9250. 

17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the prospectus associated with our public offering and the Registration Statement, before making a
decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may
be materially adversely affected. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, AND CONSUMMATION
OF OR INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, 
 A BUSINESS COMBINATION 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support
such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold
a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a
proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our
discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will
participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of our ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our initial shareholders own
70.5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares following the redemptions in connection with the EGM, excluding the private placement
shares underlying the private placement units. Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class
A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our Articles provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial
business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law,
which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at
a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares
and private placement shares, we would not need any of the public shares sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial
business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). However,
if our initial business combination is structured as a statutory merger or consolidation with another company under Cayman Islands law,
the approval of our initial business combination will require a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
of our ordinary shares which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the company. Accordingly, if
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote
in favor of our initial business combination will determine the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite
shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

Your only opportunity to effect your investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment
in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since
our Board may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment
decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which
will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our
initial business combination. 

18 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its
owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result,
would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a condition as described above,
we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination.
Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore
will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such
requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially
expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third
party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher
than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary
shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares
at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters
will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will
distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and
after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.
The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital
structure. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If
you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may
trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your
investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able
to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination by the Extended Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach
our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value
for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination
by the Extended Date. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that
if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition,
we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

19 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
(COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In March 2020, the World Health
Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic. This outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in, and a significant outbreak
of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that has and may continue to materially adversely affect the
economies and financial markets worldwide and the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate a business combination.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel and limit
the ability to have in-person meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, or if vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for and
ability to consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others.
If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, and result in protectionist
sentiments and legislation in our target markets, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk
Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination by the Extended Date, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would
redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find
a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date. Our ability to complete our initial business
combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described
herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the
outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact
businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements
of applicable law. Our Articles provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

20 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases
may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial
owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 

In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have
already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem
their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act
to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our
securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a
national securities exchange. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy
rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our
compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder
may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any
other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 

21 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of
the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with
a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities
laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the Public Offering and the sale of
the private placement units and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are
exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will
not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and
we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if
the Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account
to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our Articles provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person
with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering, which
we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your
shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater
technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer
holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction
with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our
initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00
per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

22 

If the net proceeds of the Public Offering
and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least
the Extended Date, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial
business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business
combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 1,054,581 available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available
to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team will
be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Extended Date; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and
our sponsor, its affiliates and our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds
available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target
business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters
of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies
or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we
do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive
exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise),
we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

If we are required to seek
additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, our management team or other third parties to operate
or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from
funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private
placement-equivalent units of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units
would be identical to the private placement units. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek
loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the
trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption
of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public
share and other risk factors herein. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

Our placing of funds in the
trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute
such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including,
but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with
such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the
circumstances. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the Public Offering will not execute
agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

23 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public
shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant
to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to
reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third
party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not
such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we
believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be
able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the
trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy his obligations or that he
has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal
action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for
example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if
the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification
obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00
per share. 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes
or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

The net proceeds of the Public
Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement units, after giving effect to the redemptions in connection with
the EGM, in the amount of 24.1 million, are held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only
be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only
in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have
briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent
years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar
policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income would be reduced. As described
herein, we will be required in certain circumstances to redeem our public shares for their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the
trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 24.1 million as a result of negative interest
rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per
public share. 

24 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the
trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our
Board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our Board and us to claims
of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition, or an involuntary bankruptcy or
winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our
Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition, or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders
and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition, or an involuntary bankruptcy or
winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received
by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the Acting
Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting
and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting
and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC
Statement ). Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers
following a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. As a result
of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our public warrants and private placement warrants included in the private
placement units, and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value
each period reported in earnings. 

As a result, included on our
balance sheet contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to our warrants. Accounting Standards Codification
815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance
sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement
of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly,
based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash
gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes
in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek
a special purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as liability, which may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

25 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, 

each of which may make it
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

With respect to the regulation
of special purpose acquisition companies like the Company SPACs ), on March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the
 SPAC Rule Proposals relating to, among other items, disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and
private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the
use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain
participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the
Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they
satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. 

There is currently uncertainty
concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not complete its initial
business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As indicated above, we completed our IPO
in March 23, 2021 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business
combination since such time (or approximately 24 months after the effective date of our IPO, as of the date of this Annual Report). If
we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors
would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in
the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 

The funds in the Trust Account
have, since our IPO, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act.
However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective
test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), we may, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the
registration statement filed in connection with our IPO (the IPO Registration Statement ), should our Company continue to
exist to such date, instruct Continental, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations
or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation
of our initial business combination or liquidation. As a result, following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest,
if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption
or liquidation of the Company. 

In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the
Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even
prior to the 24-month anniversary, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case
we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account
at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce
the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or our liquidation. 

26 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws
and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse
effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as
interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination by the Extended Date, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such date before redemption from our trust
account. 

If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination by the Extended Date, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund
the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be
effected automatically by function of our Articles prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust
account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up,
liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to
wait beyond the Extended Date before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return
of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date
of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors
have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled
to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter
into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that
immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves
and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully
authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of 18,293 and to imprisonment for five
years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until
after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to elect directors. 

In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings
to elect directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors
and to discuss company affairs with management. Our Board is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected
in each year and each class (except for those directors elected prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term.
In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the election of directors
until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a
majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the Board for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management
of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

27 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Our efforts to identify a
prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may
pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management
team to identify and acquire a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships
and operating experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and
has done so successfully in a number of sectors. Our Articles prohibit us from effectuating a business combination with another blank
check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to
a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations,
results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business
and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of
care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business
combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable
to investors in the Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In
the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise
may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of
our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our
management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to
retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

28 

We may not be required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the consideration we are paying for the business is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated (as defined in our Articles) entity or our Board cannot independently determine the fair market
value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that the consideration we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders
will be relying on the judgment of our Board, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial
community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial
business combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares
or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at
the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute
the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our Articles authorize the
issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately after the Public Offering, there will be 167,630,749
and 11,907,687 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which
amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with
or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment
as set forth herein and in our Articles, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity- linked
securities related to our initial business combination. Immediately after the Public Offering, there were no preferred shares issued and
outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
as set forth therein. However, our Articles provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business
combination. These provisions of our Articles, like all provisions of our Articles, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance
of additional ordinary or preferred shares: 

may
significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions
in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our
Class A ordinary shares; 

could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking
to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

29 

Unlike some other similarly structured special
purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to
consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units and after giving effect to any redemptions
of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or
issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with
or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
and any private placement-equivalent units issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided
that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business
combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we
decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial
business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related
costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per public share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or PFIC, which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable
year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of our prospectus captioned
 Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations U.S. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares or
warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.
Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the
section of our prospectus captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations U.S. Holders 
Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules ). Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception
may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can
be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status
for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC
for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain
a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information,
and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors
regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed explanation of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to
U.S. Holders, see the section of the prospectus captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations 
U.S. Holders Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules. 

30 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing
holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor,
officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without
limitation, those described in our prospectus under Management Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete
with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities
for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive
discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting,
any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our
criteria for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting our initial business combination 
Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority
of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company
from a financial point of view of a business combination with an affiliate of our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public
shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors will
lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they
may acquire after the Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target
is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On January 22, 2021, our sponsor
paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in exchange for 8,625,000 founder
shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The
purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder
shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the Public Offering
would be a maximum of 34,500,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such
founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering, excluding the private placement shares underlying
the private placement units. Up to 1,125,000 of the founder shares were eligible to be surrendered for no consideration depending on the
extent to which the underwriters over-allotment was exercised. On April 7, 2021, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option
in part, and as a result, 532,687 founder shares were forfeited.The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial
business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,030,000 private placement units for an aggregate purchase price
of 10,300,000, or 10.00 per unit. The private placement units (and the underlying securities) will also be worthless if we do not complete
our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in
identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the
business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as Extended Date nears, which is the deadline for
our completion of an initial business combination. 

31 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt
following the Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers
have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available
for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units after effecting redemptions in connection
with the EGM, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.
This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the Public Offering and the
private placement of units provided us with 24.1 million that we may use to complete our initial business combination after taking into
account the redemptions in connection with the EGM. 

We may effectuate our initial
business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

32 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our business combination
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our Articles provide that
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition,
our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or
its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the
event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for
redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

33 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Articles or governing instruments
in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to
their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our
Articles will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our
ordinary shares which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant
agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms
of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the
then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our Articles require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an
initial business combination by the Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the
nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the
affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate
an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our Articles that relate
to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust
account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares which are represented in person
or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose
acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Articles to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination
that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Our Articles provide that
any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Public Offering
and the private placement of units into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide
redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by special resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the
company. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 70.5 of our ordinary shares after the redemptions in connection
with the EGM, will participate in any vote to amend our Articles and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner
they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Articles which govern our pre-business combination behavior more
easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with
which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Articles. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Articles (A) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other material
provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties
to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor,
officers and directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue
a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

34 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

We intend to target businesses
with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private
placement units. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts
needed to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial
business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be
required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes,
including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The
failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business.
None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 1.1 million in cash and approximately 0.8 million in working capital. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue
to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital
are discussed in the section of our Annual Report entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete an initial business combination will
be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Our initial shareholders own
70.5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares after giving effect to the redemptions in connection with the EGM. Accordingly, they
may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including
amendments to our Articles. In addition, prior to the closing of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares
will have the right to vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. This provision of our Articles may only
be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than 90 of our ordinary shares which are represented in person or by proxy and
are voted at our general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman
Islands prior to our initial business combination. 

35 

If our initial shareholders
purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their
control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase
additional securities, other than as disclosed in the prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases
would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our Board, whose members were appointed
by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term for three years with only one
class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual or extraordinary general meeting to appoint new directors prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least
the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered Board,
only a minority of the Board will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will
have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until
the completion of our initial business combination. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement
disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they
are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting
standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify
as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on
us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may
not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the
internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete
any such business combination. 

36 

RISKS RELATING TO THE POST-BUSINESS COMBINATION
COMPANY 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you
to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence
on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present
within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be
subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially
finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of
care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target.
In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class
A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

37 

RISKS RELATING TO ACQUIRING AND OPERATING A
BUSINESS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. 

If we pursue a target company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in
connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated
with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination,
conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies
and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business
combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an
international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

38 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters, widespread health emergencies and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we
complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

We may, in connection with
our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Act, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder
or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which
its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant
holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership
of us after the reincorporation. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial
business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine
to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement
of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability
to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities
or capital. 

39 

We are subject to changing law and regulations
regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and
regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue- generating activities to compliance
activities. 

Moreover, because these laws,
regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes
available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing
revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes,
we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

If our management following our initial business
combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business
combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business
at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect
our operations. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies
may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a
non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and
distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our
target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative
value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation
of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value
against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars
will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

After our initial business combination, substantially
all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such
country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and
social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic
growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future.
If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand
for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our
ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business
combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

40 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors
and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the
continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers
and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The
unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able
to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s
retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their
motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

Our officers and directors will allocate their
time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for
which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and
directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

41 

Our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of
the Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining
with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary
or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our Articles provide that, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent
expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of
business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

In addition, our sponsor and
our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business
or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential
conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial
interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact,
we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although
we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing
a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target
business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination
are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to
us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly,
any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii)
we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of
reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay
the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Our letter agreement with our sponsor, officers
and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our letter agreement with
our sponsor, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement units,
indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account.
The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer
the founder shares for 185 days following the date of our prospectus will require the prior written consent of the underwriters). While
we do not expect our Board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible
that our Board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to
the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse
effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

42 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations
and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote
to amend our Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date or (B)
with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and
(iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by the Extended Date, subject to
applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any
kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants.
Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our units, Class A ordinary
shares and warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq. Although we meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set
forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or
prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, following our initial public offering, we must maintain
a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300
public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with
Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue
to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per
share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

43 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from
regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud,
and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these
powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were
no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation
in each state in which we offer our securities. 

There is currently no market for our securities
and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

There is currently no market
for our securities. Shareholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment
decision. Following the Public Offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations
and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed,
it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S.
Federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within
the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

44 

Our corporate affairs will
be governed by our Articles, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the
Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action
against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands
law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from
comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of
persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and
certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman
Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples
and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us
judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States
or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are
penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced
in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine
or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained
in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards
of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings
if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the
above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members
of the Board or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

After our initial business combination, it
is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after
our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets
will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United
States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United
States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

45 

Provisions in our Articles may inhibit a takeover
of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench
management. 

Our Articles contain provisions
that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include
a staggered Board and the ability of the Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the
removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
market prices for our securities. 

An investment in the Public Offering may result
in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

An investment in the Public
Offering may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address
instruments similar to the units we issued in the Public Offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price
of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-half of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each
unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. In addition, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants
included in the units issued in the Public Offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights
with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any
gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining
whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See the
section in our prospectus titled Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations for a summary of the U.S.
federal income tax considerations of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with
respect to these and other tax consequences when acquiring, owning or disposing of our securities. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity
or to correct any defective provision or mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the
terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, (ii) adjusting the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated
by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising
under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely
affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least 50 of the then
outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

46 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of
process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits and result in increased costs to warrant holders to bring a lawsuit. Alternatively, if a court were
to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions
or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our
management and Board. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided
that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption to the warrants holders and provided certain other conditions are
met. We will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available
throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt
from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even
if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the
outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii)
accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held
by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

47 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase
16,184,625 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered and, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we
issued in a private placement an aggregate of 1,030,000 private placement units, which have underlying warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 515,000 Class A ordinary shares, at 11.50 per share. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those
loans into up to an additional 150,000 private placement units, at the price of 10.00 per unit. To the extent we issue ordinary shares
to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon
exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will
increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete
the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost
of acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit contains one-half of one
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each unit contains one-half
of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units
trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise,
round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from
other offerings similar to ours in which units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established
the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination
since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole
warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target companies. Nevertheless,
this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (i) we issue additional
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (iii)
the Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger
price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the
 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
shareholders and holders of our private placement units may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the
future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered
into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Public Offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees
can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement units
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement units, the private placement shares, the private placement
warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of securities that may
be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such
a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more
cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary
shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement units or holders of our working capital loans or their respective
permitted transferees are registered. 

48 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not
be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors and certain other matters prior to our initial business combination. 

As holders of our Class A
ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation
of our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares
may remove a member of the Board for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination. In addition, prior to the closing of our initial business combination, only holders of Class B ordinary
shares will have the right to vote on continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands. 

You will not be permitted to exercise your
warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. 

If the issuance of the Class
A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have
no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. 

We are registering the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part because the
warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, which may be within one year of the
Public Offering. However, because the warrants will be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion
of our initial business combination, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the
consummation of our initial business combination, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or a new registration
statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination
and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration
of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for
example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or
prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop
order. 

If the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders
of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

In no event will warrants
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their
warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the
exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. 

If our Class A ordinary shares
are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered
securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise
their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the
shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts
to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

49 

In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in
exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities
Act or applicable state securities laws. 

You may only be able to exercise your public
warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer Class A ordinary shares
from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

The warrant agreement provides
that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will,
instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant
agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless
basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to lesser
of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise
price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value is the average reported closing
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a
result, you would receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding
through the Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective
target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete
our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management team or
their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance
by, or businesses associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational purposes only.
Past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate
or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical
record of the performance of our management team s or businesses associated with them as indicative of our future performance of
an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward. 

Past performance by our management team and
their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated,
may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Information regarding our
management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which
they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team and
their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify
a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of
any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our
management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which
they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by
each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors,
many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 

50 

We have identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal
control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely
affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Following the issuance of
the SEC Statement, and after consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm, our management concluded that we identified
a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material
weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material
weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our
accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential
future material weaknesses. 

We may face litigation and other risks as a
result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the change in accounting for the warrants and public shares, and other matters
raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we potentially face litigation or other disputes which may include, among others,
claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the material weaknesses and the
preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no knowledge of any such litigation
or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or
dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition
or our ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

51 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be
an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market
value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we
would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. 

If some investors find our
securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they
otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more
volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market
value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of
such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or
impossible. 

Our initial business combination and our structure
thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations
may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although we will attempt to
structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and
law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection
with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite shareholder approval, we may structure our business combination in
a manner that requires shareholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect a business combination
with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction
in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders
to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy
any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares
received. In addition, shareholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 

52 

In addition, we may effect
a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations
in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other
tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to
the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations
by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our
after-tax profitability and financial condition. 

We employ a mail forwarding service, which
may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner 

Mail addressed to the company
and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by us. None of the company, its directors,
officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will
bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability to communicate
with us. 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We currently lease executive
offices at 445 Park Avenue, 9 th Floor, New York, NY 10022 from our Sponsor and the members of our management team. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

As of December 31, 2022, to
the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members
of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

53 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary
shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols BYTSU, BYTS and BYTSW , respectively. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were two holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our Class B ordinary
shares and one holder of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street
name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other
financial institutions. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

The sales of the founder shares
and private placement units to our Sponsor as described herein were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in
reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

Use of Proceeds 

On March 17, 2021, our registration
statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253618) was declared effective by the SEC for the Public Offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate
of 32,369,251 units at an offering price to the public of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate offering price of 323,692,510, with each unit
consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. acted as representative for the underwriters
(the Underwriters ). Our Public Offering did not terminate before all of the securities registered in our registration statement
were sold. The Public Offering was consummated on March 23, 2021. 

Net proceeds of 323.7 from
the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, including deferred underwriting discounts of approximately 11,329,238,
were held in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022. We paid 6,473,850 in underwriting discounts and incurred offering costs of approximately
 678,956 related to the Public Offering. In addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer approximately 11,329,238 in underwriting discounts,
which amount will be payable when and if a business combination is consummated. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or
persons owning ten percent or more of our ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change
in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our final prospectus dated March 18, 2021 which was filed with
the SEC. 

54 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

References to the Company, 
 our, us or we refer to BYTE Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on
our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, 
 would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible
business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-K. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described
in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on January 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ),
that we have not yet identified. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry, we intent to
focus our search for targets in the Israeli technology industry, including those engaged in cybersecurity, automotive technology, fintech,
enterprise software, cloud computing, semiconductors, medical technology, AI and robotics and that offer a differentiated technology platform
and products. Our sponsor is Byte Holdings LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (our Sponsor ). 

Our registration statement
for our initial public offering was declared effective on March 17, 2021. On March 23, 2021, we consummated its Initial Public Offering
of 30,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the
 Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 300.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately
 17.2 million, inclusive of approximately 10.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions. On April 7, 2021, the underwriter exercised
the over-allotment option in part and purchased an additional 2,369,251 Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating additional
gross proceeds of 23,692,510 (such offering, including the exercise of the over-allotment, the Initial Public Offering ). 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 1,030,000 Units (the Private
Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 10.3 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the Private Placement, 323.7 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and certain of proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust
Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the
distribution of the Trust Account to the shareholders. 

55 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination by the Extended Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (less taxes payable and
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception through December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination.
We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. We expect to incur increased expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 10.6 million, which primarily consisted of a noncash gain of approximately 7.5 million
resulting from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and income from investments held in the Trust Account of approximately
 4.5 million, partially offset by approximately 1.4 million of general and administrative expenses, including 120,000 of general and
administrative expenses to related parties. 

For the period from January
8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 5.0 million, which primarily consisted of a noncash
gain of approximately 6.9 million resulting from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and income from investments
held in the Trust Account of approximately 24,000, partially offset by approximately 845,000 of offering costs associated with derivative
warrant liabilities, and 1.0 million of general and administrative expenses, including 100,000 of general and administrative expenses
to related parties. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 1.1 million. Until the consummation of the Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary
shares and private placement units by the Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. 

Our liquidity needs prior
to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering had been satisfied through a payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses
on our behalf in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares (as defined below), a loan under a note agreement from our Sponsor of
approximately 149,000 (the Note ), and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust
Account. We fully repaid the Note on March 25, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
us working capital loans. To date, there were no amounts outstanding under any working capital loans. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, management
has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required
to liquidate after the Extended Date. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is
unable to continue as a going concern. 

56 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than, an agreement to pay Sagara Group, LLC
a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial, and administrative and support services. We began incurring these
fees on March 23, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and
our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 11,329,238 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policy: 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock
purchase warrants and forward purchase agreements, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as
embedded derivatives, pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and
FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including
whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The warrants issued in connection
with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815.
Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting
period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized
in the Company s statements of operations. The initial estimated fair value of the warrants was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation.
The subsequent estimated fair value of the Public Warrants is based on the listed price in an active market for such warrants while the
fair value of the Private Placement Warrants continues to be measured using a Monte Carlo simulation. 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption 

We account for our Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption (if any) is classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares
(including Class ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s Public Shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 32,369,251 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value
as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. 

Effective with the closing
of the Public Offering (including sale of the Over-Allotment Units), we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption
amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

57 

Net income per ordinary share 

We have two classes of shares,
which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes
of shares. Net income per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average of ordinary shares outstanding
for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted
net income per ordinary shares does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering (including sale
of the Over-Allotment Units) and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 16,699,626 ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted
income per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury
stock method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary
shares is excluded from net income per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual
Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or
contractual obligations. 

JOBS Act 

The JOBS Act contains provisions
that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth
company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date
for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result,
we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging
growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median
employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering
or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

58 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

This information appears following
Item 16 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically,
the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex financial instruments
was not effectively designed or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s balance sheet as
of March 23, 2021 and its interim financial statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021. Additionally, this material
weakness could result in a misstatement of the warrant liability, Class A ordinary shares and related accounts and disclosures that would
result in a material misstatement of the financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

59 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our Chief Executive Officer assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, our Chief Executive Officer determined that our internal controls over
financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022, because of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. Specifically, our management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex financial
instruments was not effectively designed or maintained. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting except
for the below: 

Our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures including consulting
with subject matter experts related to the accounting for certain complex financial instruments. The Company s management has expended,
and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control
over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements
and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure
that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

On March 8, 2023, the Company entered into Non-Redemption
Agreements with the Non-Redeeming Shareholders holding Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements,
each of the Non-Redeeming Shareholders agreed to (a) not redeem 1,000,000 Shares in connection with the vote to amend the Company s
Articles to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination from March 23, 2023 to September 25,
2023 and (b) vote their Shares in favor of the Extension presented by the Company for approval by its shareholders. In connection with
the foregoing, the Company agreed to pay to each Non-Redeeming Shareholder 0.033 per Share in cash per month through the Extended Date. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

60 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Kobi Rozengarten 
 
 66 
 
 Executive Chairman Director 
 
 Samuel Gloor 
 
 36 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Vadim Komissarov 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Oded Melamed 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Louis Lebedin 
 
 65 
 
 Director 

Kobi Rozengarten ,
our Executive Chairman, has over 35 years of experience in investment and management positions in the multinational and Israeli technology
sector, with a focus on the fields of semiconductors, cloud computing, and enterprise software. Mr. Rozengarten has been the Chief Executive
Officer of Rozengarten Management Ltd. since December 2008. Mr. Rozengarten has experience as a sponsor of various SPACs since 2019. As
an entrepreneur, venture capitalist and board member, Mr. Rozengarten has led 12 start-ups with a total exit value of over 2.5 billion.
Mr. Rozengarten served from 2007 to 2019 as a General Partner and then as Managing Partner in Jerusalem Venture Partners, a leading Israeli
venture capital firm with 1.5 billion assets under management. In this capacity, Mr. Rozengarten led or co-led more than 25 deals and
was instrumental in leading many of Jerusalem Venture Partners s exits including the sale of Altair Semiconductor to Sony, CyOptics,
Inc. to Avago, XtremIO to EMC and Dune Network to Broadcom Inc. From 1997 to 2007, Mr. Rozengarten served as a COO and President of Saifun
Semiconductors Ltd., a leading provider of IP solutions for the non-volatile (Flash) memory market, and was responsible for the formulation
and execution of the company s business strategy and co-led its IPO on Nasdaq, raising 270 million at a valuation of 1 billion.
From 1987 to 1996, Mr. Rozengarten held multiple positions, as VP of Operation and VP of Business Development with K S, a US based
leading supplier of equipment for the semiconductor industry, and was the Managing Director of Micro-Swiss, K S s subsidiary
in Israel. Mr. Rozengarten began his career in 1983 as a programmer and Financial Controller at Elbit Systems Ltd., an Israel-based international
defense electronics company. Mr. Rozengarten serves as a member of the Board of Governors of Technion. He holds B.Sc. and M.Sc. degrees
in Industrial and Management Engineering from Technion and participated in an Executive MBA program at Stanford University. 

Samuel Gloor 
has been our Chief Financial Officer since January 2021 and our Chief Executive Officer since November 2022. Mr. Gloor is an experienced
investment banker that has transacted in the TMT, consumer, healthcare, industrial, oil gas and specialty finance verticals. Since
November 2020, Mr. Gloor has been the Founder and Managing Member of Sagara Group, LLC, where he specializes in strategic consulting and
business services for growth-stage companies, alternative asset managers and others. From October 2018 to August 2020, Mr. Gloor was a
member of the Financial Institutions Group at Nomura specializing in SPAC and Specialty Finance investment banking. From November 2014
to September 2018, Mr. Gloor was a member of the Advisory Financing Group at Societe Generale Corporate Investment Banking,
where he provided event-driven bridge and term lending and capital structure advisory services to blue-chip corporate clients and completed
several prominent financing transactions supporting M A and corporate actions. Mr. Gloor received an M.Sc. in Accounting and Finance
from the London School of Economics and Political Science in London, United Kingdom and a BBA from the Norwegian Business School in Oslo,
Norway. 

Vadim Komissarov ,
one of our directors, is a seasoned investment and merchant banker with over 20 years of international experience in technology and telecommunications,
including advising companies in large investments in the high-tech telecom industry. Mr. Komissarov has been a Director and Chief Financial
Officer of Trident Acquisitions Corp since April 2016, the Chief Executive Officer of Trident Acquisitions Corp since November 2020, and
since May 2015, has been the Chief Executive Officer of VK Consulting. From April 2019 to November 2020, Mr. Komissarov was a Founder
and Director of Netfin, which merged and completed a 250 million business combination with Triterras in November 2020. From 2014 through
2015, Mr. Komissarov represented The UMW Holdings Berhad as an Investment Advisor. From 1999 to 2014, Mr. Komissarov held senior level
management positions with Russian investment banks such as Troika Dialog and Vnesheconombank. In his role as Executive Director of Globex
Capital and Chairman of Vnesheconombank Capital Americas, Mr. Komissarov was responsible for its worldwide corporate finance practice
from September 2009 to March 2014. Mr. Komissarov started his investment banking career in 1998 in New York working for international
banks, including Merrill and BNY Mellon, handling private equity transactions and alternative dispute resolution programs for Eastern
European clients. Mr. Komissarov holds an MBA degree from New York University s Stern School of Business. 

61 

Oded Melamed ,
one of our directors, is an entrepreneur with over 30 years of experience in management positions in the Israeli high-tech sector. Mr.
Melamed is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Kiralis Technologies Ltd., a company enabling the development of safer drugs by providing
affordable and timely access to pure enantiomers. From 2005 to 2019, Mr. Melamed was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Altair
Semiconductor, a leading semiconductor company in the cellular IoT space. The company was acquired by Sony in 2016 for 212 million. Prior
to founding Altair Semiconductor, Mr. Melamed was Director of Cable Modem Communications at Texas Instruments from 1999 to 2005. In this
role, he managed Altair Semiconductor after its acquisition by Texas Instruments, and played a key role in transitioning the business
into profitability. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Melamed was product line manager at Libit Signal Processing Ltd., an Israeli fabless semiconductor
start-up company that developed CATV modems. Libit Signal Processing Ltd. was acquired by Texas Instruments in 1999 for 365 million.
From 1995 to 1997, Mr. Melamed was with Motorola Solutions, Inc., and was involved in the development and deployment of the first CDMA
cellular system in Israel. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Melamed was an officer in the Israel Defense Force, Intelligence Corps. He holds B.Sc.
and M.Sc. degrees in Electrical Engineering, Cum Laude, from Tel-Aviv University, and an EMBA degree from Kellogg-Recanati International
Executive MBA program, Northwestern University/Tel-Aviv University. 

Louis Lebedin ,
one of our directors, has over 25 years of banking experience with a proven track record of building and leading a world class business.
From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Lebedin served as an advisor to Unio Capital LLC, an asset management firm, responsible for product development.
From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Lebedin was global head of JP Morgan s prime brokerage business, a leading provider of clearing and financing
services for equity and fixed income hedge funds. He was responsible for defining and executing the strategy for the business, to expand
its market share while continuing to meet the evolving needs of its hedge fund clients. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Lebedin served on JP Morgan
Clearing Corp. s Operations Committee and the Equities Division s Executive Committee. From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Lebedin was
the chief operating officer and chief financial officer of Bear Stearns s Global Clearing Services division. Mr. Lebedin joined
the Clearance Division in 1988 assuming the role of controller before being promoted to chief financial officer in 1996. From 1980 to
1987, he worked at Coopers Lybrand, rising to the level of audit manager specializing in financial services. Mr. Lebedin holds a
B.S. in accounting from Syracuse University, and he earned his CPA license in 1982. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Lebedin, will expire at our first annual
meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Melamed and Gloor, will expire at
the second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Komissarov and Rozengarten,
will expire at the third annual meeting of shareholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our Articles. 

Director Independence 

The rules of the Nasdaq require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An independent director is defined
generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company
(either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors
has determined that each of Messrs. Komissarov, Melamed and Lebedin are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors
are present. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Komissarov, Melamed and Lebedin will serve as the members of the audit committee, and Mr.
Komissarov will chair the audit committee. All members of our audit committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our underwriters. 

62 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Komissarov qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the firm has with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director
nominee for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry
out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Komissarov, Melamed and Lebedin.
In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating
committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our Articles. 

63 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Komissarov and Melamed will serve as the members of the compensation committee, and Mr. Melamed
will chair the compensation committee. All members of our compensation committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our underwriters. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than the payment of customary fees we may elect to make to members of our board of directors for director service
and payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support
and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of
our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order
to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements
to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees Code of Ethics ). A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in
a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

64 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file
reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent shareholders are required by regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on review of the copies of such forms furnished to us, or
written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a)
filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors were complied with. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

None of our officers or
directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first
listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we pay Sagara Group,
LLC 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our
management team. We may elect to make payment of customary fees to members of our board of directors for director service. In
addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due
diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our
sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made
from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to
have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial
business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and
consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to
completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have
not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. 

Any compensation to be paid
to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

65 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. 

We have no compensation plans
under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this Annual Report, by: 

each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares of, on an as-converted basis; 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all of our officers and directors as a group. 

The following table is based
on 41,491,564 ordinary shares outstanding as of February 16, 2023, of which 33,399,251 were Class A ordinary shares (including 32,369,251
public shares and 1,030,000 private placement shares) and 8,092,313 were Class B ordinary shares. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed
that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned
by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Number of Class B Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Class B Ordinary Shares 
 
 Kobi Rozengarten 

Samuel Gloor 

Vadim Komissarov 

Oded Melamed 

Louis Lebedin 

All officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 

Byte Holdings LP (2)(3) 
 1,030,000 
 3.1 
 8,092,313 
 100 
 
 Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd. (4) 
 2,025,000 
 6.1 

First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund, First Trust Capital Management L.P., First Trust Capital Solutions L.P. and FTCS Sub GP LLC (5) 
 1,963,966 
 5.9 

Glazer Capital, LLC and Paul J. Glazer (6) 
 1,855,494 
 5.6 

Magnetar Financial LLC, Magnetar Capital Partners LP, Supernova Management LLC, and David J. Snyderman (7) 
 2,076,592 
 6.2 

Meteora Capital, LLC and Vik Mittal (8) 
 1,751,455 
 5.2 

Saba Capital Management, L.P., Saba Capital Management GP, LLC and Boaz R. Weinstein (9) 
 2,312,527 
 6.9 

Less
than one percent 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders listed is 445 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares and private placement shares. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 Byte Holdings LP, our sponsor, is the record holder of such shares, and the members of our management team are among the members of our sponsor. Byte Holdings GP Corp. is the manager, and Messrs. Rozengarten and Komissarov are the sole directors of Byte Holdings GP Corp. and share voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by Byte Holdings LP. The foregoing individuals disclaim any beneficial ownership of the securities held by Byte Holdings LP other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

66 

(4) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed by Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd. Clal ), an Israeli public corporation, with the SEC on April 7, 2021, all 2,025,000 shares reported in this table as beneficially owned by Clal are held for members of the public through, among others, provident funds and/or pension funds and/or insurance policies, which are managed by subsidiaries of Clal, which subsidiaries operate under independent management and make independent voting and investment decisions. Consequently, this shall not be construed as an admission by Clal that it is the beneficial owner of any of the shares reported herein. The principal business address for Clal is 36 Raul Walenberg St., Tel Aviv 66180, Israel. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed by such persons as a group with the SEC on February 14, 2023, each of First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund VARBX ), First Trust Capital Management L.P. FTCM ), First Trust Capital Solutions L.P. FTCS and FTCS Sub GP LLC Sub GP may be deemed the beneficial owner of 1,963,966 shares. VARBX is a series of Investment Managers Series Trust II which is an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. FTCM is an investment adviser registered with the SEC that provides investment advisory services to, among others, (i) series of Investment Managers Services Trust II, an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, specifically First Trust Multi-Strategy Fund and VARBX, and (ii) Highland Capital Management Institutional Fund II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, the Client Accounts ). FTCS is a Delaware limited partnership and control person of FTCM. Sub GP is a Delaware limited liability company and control person of FTCM. The principal business address of FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. The principal business address of VARBX is 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Glazer Capital ), with respect to the ordinary shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer Capital serves as investment manager (collectively, the Glazer Funds and Mr. Paul J. Glazer, a United States citizen Mr. Glazer ), who serves as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital, with respect to the shares of Common Stock held by the Glazer Funds, each may be deemed the beneficial owner of 1,855,494 shares reported in this table. The principal business address for each of Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons as a group with the SEC on January 27, 2023, each of Magnetar Financial LLC Magnetar Financial ), a Delaware limited liability company, Magnetar Capital Partners LP (Magnetar Capital Partners ), a Delaware limited partnership, Supernova Management LLC Supernova Management ), a Delaware limited liability company and David J. Snyderman Mr. Snyderman ), a U.S. citizen, hold 2,076,592 ordinary shares. The amount consists of (A) 208,372 shares held for the account of Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company; (B) 709,938 shares held for the account of Magnetar Constellation Master Fund, Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company; (C) 169,000 shares held for the account of Magnetar Systematic Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company; (D) 63,596 shares held for the account of Magnetar Capital Master Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company; (E) 243,406 shares held for the account of Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company; (F) 101,420 shares held for the account of Purpose Alternative Credit Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company; (G) 162,272 shares held for the account of Magnetar SC Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company; (H) 276,600 shares held for the account of Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership; (I) 108,796 shares held for the account of Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; and (J) 33,192 shares held of the account Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; collectively (the Magnetar Funds ). Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, Magnetar Financial exercises voting and investment power over the shares held for the Magnetar Funds accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial. Supernova Management is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners. The manager of Supernova Management is Mr. Snyderman. The address of the principal business office of each of Magnetar Financial, Magnetar Capital Partners, Supernova Management, and Mr. Snyderman is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. 

(8) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 16, 2023 by Meteora Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Meteora Capital with respect to the ordinary shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Meteora Capital serves as investment manager (collectively, the Meteora Funds ), and Vik Mittal, a United States citizen, who serves as the Managing Member of Meteora Capital, with respect to the ordinary shares held by the Meteora Funds, each may be deemed the beneficial owner of 1,751,455 shares reported in this table. The principal business address for each of Meteora Capital and Vik Mittal is 840 Park Drive East, Boca Raton, FL 33444. 

(9) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein (together, the Reporting Persons ), the Reporting Persons share voting and dispositive power over 2,312,527 ordinary shares. The principal business address for each of the Reporting Persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

67 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Founder Shares 

On January 22, 2021, our Sponsor
paid an aggregate of 25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 8,625,000 founder shares. The founder
shares included an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of founder shares would collectively represent 20 of our issued
and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Public Offering (excluding the private placement shares). On April 7, 2021, the underwriter
exercised its over-allotment option in part, and 532,687 founder shares were subsequently forfeited by the Sponsor. Prior thereto, the
company had no assets, tangible or intangible. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a redemption
of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. 

The founder shares are identical
to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the IPO, except that: 

only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to elect directors in any election held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; 

the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; 

the founder shares are entitled to registration rights; 

our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares and private placement shares, we would not need any of the public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted); and 

the founder shares are automatically convertible into our Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 1,030,000
private placement units to our Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of 10,300,000 (the Private Placement ). The private placement units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except that
the private placement units, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by us, (ii)
may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement units and the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants underlying the private placement units), subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by such holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be
exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid with respect to such sales. The Private Placement was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

68 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would
be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s
discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into private placement-equivalent
units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Such units would be identical to the private placement units. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held
in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. 

On January 22, 2021, we issued
an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of 251,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022 and (ii)
the completion of the IPO. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company agreed to pay the
Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. On Novermber 30, 2022,
the sponsor assigned such agreement to Sagara Group, LLC. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement units (including the underlying securities) and securities that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of the securities held by them pursuant to a registration
rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The firm of Marcum LLP, or
Marcum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered
public accounting firm were approximately 72,000 and 101,000, respectively, for the services Marcum performed in connection with our
Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related Fees .
During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered
public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees . During the
year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered
public accounting firm were approximately 3,000 and 0, respectively, for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed
for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our
audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

69 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the Index to Financial
Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

All financial statement schedules are
omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this report
the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253618), filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253618), filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-253618), filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on April 6, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and Byte Holdings LP (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and among the Company, Byte Holdings LP and the other holders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Byte Holdings LP (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

70 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Byte Holdings LP (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Non-Redemption Agreement, dated March 8, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 8, 2023). 

10.7 
 
 Non-Redemption Agreement, dated March 8, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40222), filed with the SEC on March 8, 2023). 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature pages herein). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

71 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

BYTE Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Byte Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses (non-current) 
 -

Total non-current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at 10.14 and 10.00 per share, par value; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 32,369,251 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For The Period From January 8, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses - related party 

Loss from operations 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2022 

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 -

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 8, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - January 8, 2021 (Inception) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 
 -
 
 -

-

Sale of units in initial private offering, less allocation to derivative warrant liabilities 

- 
 -

-

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption against additional paid-in capital 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For The Period From January 8, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 -

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 -

Proceeds from initial public offering and over-allotment exercise, net 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Offering costs paid 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

Remeasurement on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, the Public Shares ),
at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring underwriting fees and other offering costs of approximately
 million, inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6). The underwriter was granted
a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at per Unit. On April 7, 2021, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in part and
purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of . 

Units (the Private
Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of million (see Note 4). 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account)
at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business
Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a
controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business
Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s
warrants. The Class A ordinary shares were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

.
In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead
may search for an alternate Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without
voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

F- 8 

). 

Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent public accountants), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately million. 

from the Sponsor to cover certain offering costs on behalf
of the Company in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares (as defined below), the loan under the Note from the Sponsor of approximately
 (see Note 5) to the Company, and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account.
The Company fully repaid the Note on March 25, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, the Company s officers, directors and Initial Shareholders may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working
Capital Loans (see Note 5). To date, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

, and investments held in Trust Account. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 11 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value
as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share,
because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same
as basic net income per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net income per share as the redemption value
approximates fair value. 

F- 12 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring underwriting
fees and other offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

, and Founder Shares
were subsequently forfeited by the Sponsor. 

per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 9). 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement
Unit, generating total gross proceeds of million. 

F- 13 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for of the Company s Class B ordinary shares
(the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would
collectively represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (excluding
the Private Placement Shares). On April 7, 2021, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in part, and Founder Shares
were subsequently forfeited by the Sponsor. 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the
Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

(the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company
borrowed approximately under the Note and fully repaid the Note on March 25, 2021. 

of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into private placement-equivalent
units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

per month for office
space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company
will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021 the Company incurred and , respectively, of such fees, reported as general and administrative expenses
- related party in the accompanying statements of operations. On November 30, 2022, the Company assigned the Administrative Services Agreement,
previously entered into by and between the Company and its sponsor, Byte Holdings LP, to Sagara Group, LLC, which is a company controlled
by Mr. Gloor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 10,000 of such expenses unpaid in accounts payable on the balance
sheets. 

F- 14 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On April 7, 2021, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in part and purchased the Over-Allotment
Units, generating gross proceeds of . 

per Unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and sale of Over-Allotment
Units. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or million in the aggregate. The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and classified outside of
permanent equity in the balance sheets. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Initial accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Remeasurement on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share. The Company s board of directors will
be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. The board of directors will
be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

F- 15 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class
A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares
issued or outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, which have been classified as temporary
equity (see Note 7). 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares
are entitled to one vote for each share. As of March 31, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of
which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option
was not exercised in full or in part so that the number of Founder Shares will equal of the Company s issued and outstanding
ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the Private Placement Shares). On April 7, 2021, the underwriter exercised
its over-allotment in part, and Class B ordinary shares were subsequently forfeited. 

of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (excluding the private placement
shares underlying the private placement units and after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders),
including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor, officers or
directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one
basis. 

and Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, respectively, outstanding. 

F- 16 

F- 17 

per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly
Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary
shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination
(such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger
price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 18 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants 
 -

-

million and million, which is presented in the accompanying statements of operations, respectively. 

F- 19 

Share price 

Volatility 

Term 

Risk-free rate 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities at March 31, 2021 

Issuance of Public Warrants; over-allotment 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Transfer of Private Placement Warrants to Level 2 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 
 -

Public Shares held by them on the date of the Non-Redemption Agreements in connection with the vote to amend the Company s Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate an initial Business Combination
from March 23, 2023 to September 25, 2023 (the Proposed Extension and such extended date, the Extended Date and (b) vote their Public Shares in favor of the Extension presented by the Company for approval by its shareholders. In connection with
the foregoing, the Company agreed to pay to each Non-Redeeming Shareholder per Share in cash per month through the Extended Date. 

F- 20 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Samuel Gloor 

Name: 
 Samuel Gloor 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned directors
and officers of BYTE Acquisition Corp. hereby constitute and appoint Samuel Gloor, with the power to act without the others and with full
power of substitution and resubstitution, our true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power to execute in our name and behalf
in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits and other documents relating
thereto and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact, or such attorney-in-fact s substitute, may lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Samuel Gloor 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Samuel Gloor 

/s/ Kobi Rozengarten 
 
 Executive Chairman Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Kobi Rozengarten 

/s/ Vadim Komissarov 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Vadim Komissarov 

/s/ Oded Melamed 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Oded Melamed 

/s/ Louis Lebedin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Louis Lebedin 

72 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_byteacq.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

EXHIBIT 3.1 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) 

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

(adopted
by special resolution dated 18 March 2021 and effective on 18 march 2021) 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) 

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

(adopted
by special resolution dated 18 march 2021 and effective on 18 march 2021) 

1 The name of the Company is BYTE Acquisition Corp. 

1 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO
Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide. 

2 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power
and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

3 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Member s shares. 

4 The share capital of the Company is US 22,100 divided into 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par
value of US 0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each and 1,000,000 preference shares of a par
value of US 0.0001 each. 

5 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 

6 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company. 

2 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED) 

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

BYTE ACQUISITION CORP. 

(adopted
by special resolution dated 18 march 2021 and effective on 18 march 2021) 

1 Interpretation 

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something
in the subject or context inconsistent therewith: 

Affiliate 
 in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such person s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such person s home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity. 

Applicable Law 
 means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person. 

3 

Articles 
 means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company. 

Audit Committee 
 means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

Auditor 
 means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any). 

Business Combination 
 means a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

business day 
 means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City. 

Cause 
 means a conviction for a criminal offence involving dishonesty or engaging in conduct which brings a Director or the Company into disrepute or which results in a material financial detriment to the Company. 

Clearing House 
 means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction. 

4 

Class A Share 
 means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Class B Share 
 means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Company 
 means the above named company. 

Company s Website 
 means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any). 

Compensation Committee 
 means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

Designated Stock Exchange 
 means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Directors 
 means the directors for the time being of the Company. 

Dividend 
 means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles. 

Electronic Communication 
 means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Company s Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors. 

Electronic Record 
 has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act. 

Electronic Transactions Act 
 means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. 

Equity-linked Securities 
 means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

5 

Exchange Act 
 means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 

Founders 
 means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO. 

Independent Director 
 has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be. 

IPO 
 means the Company s initial public offering of securities. 

Member 
 has the same meaning as in the Statute. 

Memorandum 
 means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company. 

Minimum Member 
 means a Member meeting the minimum requirements set forth for eligible members to submit proposals under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act or any applicable rules thereunder as may be amended or promulgated thereunder from time to time. 

Nominating and 
 Corporate Governance 
 Committee 
 means the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

Officer 
 means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company. 

Ordinary Resolution 
 means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles. 

6 

Over-Allotment Option 
 means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US 10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Preference Share 
 means a preference share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Public Share 
 means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO. 

Redemption Notice 
 means a notice in a form approved by the Directors by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares. 

Register of Members 
 means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members. 

Registered Office 
 means the registered office for the time being of the Company. 

Representative 
 means a representative of the Underwriters. 

Seal 
 means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal. 

Securities and 
 Exchange Commission 
 means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Share 
 means a Class A Share, a Class B Share, or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. 

Special Resolution 
 subject to Article 31.4 and 49.3, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution. 

7 

Sponsor 
 means Byte Holdings LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and its successors or assigns. 

Statute 
 means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. 

Tax Filing Authorised Person 
 means such person as any Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally. 

Treasury Share 
 means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute. 

Trust Account 
 means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited. 

Underwriter 
 means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter. 

1.2 In the Articles 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; 

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; 

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person; 

(d) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words
in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; 

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; 

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular 
or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; 

8 

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. 
The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or 
in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted
to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); 

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles; 

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles
themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act; 

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply; 

(m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the
day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and 

(n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register
of Members as the holder of such Share. 

2 Commencement of Business 

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors
shall see fit. 

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in
or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration. 

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities 

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company
in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any
existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with
or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return
of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the
Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of
Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion
set out in the Articles. 

9 

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company
on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. 

3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional
Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof
to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from
time to time determine. 

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer. 

4 Register of Members 

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute. 

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in
accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which
shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time. 

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or
any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination
of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other
newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall
be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days. 

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears
a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any
adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose. 

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members
entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution,
the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or
other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of
Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof. 

10 

6 Certificates for Shares 

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates
shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued
with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled
and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled. 

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than
one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them. 

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any)
as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the
Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate. 

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or
other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course
of delivery. 

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable,
or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the
case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement
of a Share transfer with the Company. 

7 Transfer of Shares 

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in
conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other,
the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such
option or warrant. 

11 

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the
transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or
transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the
Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee
is entered in the Register of Members. 

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption
of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution,
determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares: 

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in the Business Combination Article hereof; 

(b) Class B Shares held by the Founders shall be surrendered by the Founders on a pro rata basis for no consideration
to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Founders will own 20 per cent of the Company s
issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO); and 

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business
Combination Article hereof. 

8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may
agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described
in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members. 

8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner
permitted by the Statute, including out of capital. 

12 

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share. 

9 Treasury Shares 

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share
shall be held as a Treasury Share. 

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they
think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration). 

10 Variation of Rights of Shares 

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes
of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class)
may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class where
such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall
be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class (other than with
respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Share Conversion Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only require the consent
in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority
of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from
the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall
apply mutatis mutandis , except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one third
of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll. 

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of
Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals
under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares. 

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights
shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation
or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights. 

11 Commission on Sale of Shares 

The Company may, in so far as the Statute
permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally)
or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied
by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage
as may be lawful. 

13 

12 Non Recognition of Trusts 

The Company shall not be bound by or
compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except
only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to
the entirety thereof in the holder. 

13 Lien on Shares 

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered
in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether
presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but the
Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The registration of a
transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Company s lien thereon. The Company s lien on a Share shall also
extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share. 

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a
lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been
received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy
of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold. 

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the
holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall
his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Company s power of sale
under the Articles. 

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the
amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently
payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale. 

14 Call on Shares 

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members
in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving
at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified
the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be
required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the
subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. 

14 

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed. 

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof. 

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay
interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and
in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of
the interest or expenses wholly or in part. 

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account
of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles
shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call. 

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or
the interest to be paid. 

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any
part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest
at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance. 

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of
a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment,
become payable. 

15 Forfeiture of Shares 

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may
give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together
with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify
where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will
be liable to be forfeited. 

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment
required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other
distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. 

15 

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as
the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the
Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise
some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person. 

15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall
surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies
which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the
Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and
payable by him in respect of those Shares. 

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited on
a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The
certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom
the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title
to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the
Share. 

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any sum which,
by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium
as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

16 Transmission of Shares 

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal representatives
(where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased
Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder. 

16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect,
by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated by him registered
as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of
transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as
they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution,
as the case may be. 

16 

16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages
to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of a Share,
be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors
may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person nominated by him
be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration
as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received
or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other
distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 

17 Class B Share Conversion 

17.1 The rights attaching to all Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares
and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article and the
Appointment and Removal of Directors Article hereof) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the Conversion Rights
referred to in this Article. 

17.2 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial
Conversion Ratio on the first business day following the closing of a Business Combination, or at any earlier date at the
option of the holders of the Class B Shares. 

17.3 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other
Equity-linked Securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the IPO (including pursuant to the Over-Allotment
Option) and related to or in connection with the closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert
into Class A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class
A Shares will be adjusted so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, in the aggregate,
25 per cent of the sum of: (a) the total number of all Class A Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO (including any Class A Shares
issued pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option and excluding any Class A Shares underlying the private placement warrants issued to the
Sponsor); plus (b) all Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination,
excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, any private placement-equivalent
warrants issued to the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or to the Company s officers and directors upon the conversion of
working capital loans made to the Company; minus (c) the number of Public Shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination, provided
that such conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares shall never be less than the Initial Conversion Ratio. 

17 

17.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion
Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written
consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class
in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof. 

17.5 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share split,
subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by reverse share
split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation
of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a
proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue. 

17.6 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number
of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class
A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall
be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion. 

17.7 References in this Article to converted , conversion or exchange 
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application
of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a
price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued
as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct. 

18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital 

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: 

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine; 

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares; 

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any
denomination; 

18 

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital
into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and 

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled. 

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to
the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as
the Shares in the original share capital. 

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be
dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 31.4 and 49.3, the Company may by Special Resolution: 

(a) change its name; 

(b) alter or add to the Articles (subject to Article 31.4 and 49.3); 

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and 

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund. 

19 Offices and Places of Business 

Subject to the provisions of the Statute,
the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered
Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine. 

20 General Meetings 

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings. 

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold a general
meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall
be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented. 

20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general
meetings. 

19 

21 Notice of General Meetings 

21.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify
the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall
be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of
the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed: 

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and 

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par value of the Shares giving that right. 

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non receipt of notice of a general
meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting. 

22 Advance Notice for Business 

22.1 At each annual general meeting, the Members shall appoint the Directors then subject to appointment in
accordance with the procedures set forth in the Articles and subject to Applicable Law and the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange
or quotation system on which Shares may be then listed or quoted. At any such annual general meeting any other business properly brought
before the annual general meeting may be transacted. 

22.2 To be properly brought before an annual general meeting, business (other than nominations of Directors,
which must be made in compliance with, and shall be exclusively governed by, Article 29) must be: 

(a) specified in the notice of the annual general meeting (or any supplement thereto) given to Members by
or at the direction of the Directors in accordance with the Articles; 

(b) otherwise properly brought before the annual general meeting by or at the direction of the Directors;
or 

(c) otherwise properly brought before the annual general meeting by a Member who: 

(i) is a Minimum Member at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Article and at the time of
the annual general meeting; 

(ii) is entitled to vote at such annual general meeting; and 

(iii) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Article. 

20 

22.3 For any such business to be properly brought before any annual general meeting pursuant to Article 22.2(c),
the Member must have given timely notice thereof in writing, either by personal delivery or express or registered mail (postage prepaid),
to the Company not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior
to the one-year anniversary of the date of the annual general meeting for the immediately preceding year. However, in the event that the
date of the annual general meeting is more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, in order to be timely, a Member s notice
must be received by the Company not later than the later of: (x) the close of business 90 days prior to the date of such annual general
meeting; and (y) if the first public announcement of the date of such advanced or delayed annual general meeting is less than 100 days
prior to such date, 10 days following the date of the first public announcement of the annual general meeting date. In no event shall
the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual general meeting, or such adjournment or postponement, commence
a new time period or otherwise extend any time period for the giving of a Member s notice as described herein. 

22.4 Any such notice of other business shall set forth as to each matter the Member proposes to bring before
the annual general meeting: 

(a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual general meeting, the reasons
for conducting such business at the annual general meeting and the text of any proposal regarding such business (including the text of
any resolutions proposed for consideration and, if such business includes a proposal to amend the Articles, the text of the proposed amendment),
which shall not exceed 1,000 words; 

(b) as to the Member giving notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the proposal is made: 

(i) the name and address of such Member (as it appears in the Register of Members) and such beneficial owner
on whose behalf the proposal is made; 

(ii) the class and number of Shares which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially or of record by any
such Member and by such beneficial owner, respectively, or their respective Affiliates (naming such Affiliates), as at the date of such
notice; 

(iii) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, without limitation, any swap
or other derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, hedging transactions, and securities lending or borrowing arrangement)
to which such Member or any such beneficial owner or their respective Affiliates is, directly or indirectly, a party as at the date of
such notice: (x) with respect to any Shares; or (y) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage the potential risk or
benefit of share price changes (increases or decreases) for, or increase or decrease the voting power of such Member or beneficial owner
or any of their Affiliates with respect to Shares or which may have payments based in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, on the
value (or change in value) of any Shares (any agreement, arrangement or understanding of a type described in this Article 22.4(b)(iii),
a Covered Arrangement and 

(iv) a representation that the Member is a holder of record of Shares entitled to vote at such annual general
meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual general meeting to propose such business; 

21 

(c) a description of any direct or indirect material interest by security holdings or otherwise of the Member
and of any beneficial owner on whose behalf the proposal is made, or their respective Affiliates, in such business (whether by holdings
of securities, or by virtue of being a creditor or contractual counterparty of the Company or of a third party, or otherwise) and all
agreements, arrangements and understandings between such Member or any such beneficial owner or their respective Affiliates and any other
person or persons (naming such person or persons) in connection with the proposal of such business by such Member; 

(d) a representation whether the Member or the beneficial owner intends or is part of a Group which intends: 

(i) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Ordinary
Shares (or other Shares) required to approve or adopt the proposal; and/or 

(ii) otherwise to solicit proxies from Members in support of such proposal; 

(e) an undertaking by the Member and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the proposal is made to: 

(i) notify the Company in writing of the information set forth in Articles 22.4(b)(ii), (b)(iii) and (c) above
as at the record date for the annual general meeting promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) business days) following the later of
the record date or the date notice of the record date is first disclosed by public announcement; and 

(ii) update such information thereafter within two (2) business days of any change in such information and,
in any event, as at close of business on the day preceding the meeting date; and 

(f) any other information relating to such Member, any such beneficial owner and their respective Affiliates
that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies
for, as applicable, such proposal pursuant to section 14 of the Exchange Act, to the same extent as if the Shares were registered under
the Exchange Act. 

22.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the notice requirements set forth herein with respect to the
proposal of any business pursuant to this Article, other than nominations for Directors which must be made in compliance with, and shall
be exclusively governed by Article 29, shall be deemed satisfied by a Member if such Member has submitted a proposal to the Company in
compliance with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act and such Member s proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared
by the Company to solicit proxies for the annual general meeting; provided, that such Member shall have provided the information required
by Article 22.4; provided, further, that the information required by Article 22.4(b) may be satisfied by providing the information to
the Company required pursuant to Rule 14a-8(b) of the Exchange Act. 

22.6 Notwithstanding anything in the Articles to the contrary: 

(a) no other business brought by a Member (other than the nominations of Directors, which must be made in
compliance with, and shall be exclusively governed by Article 29) shall be conducted at any annual general meeting except in accordance
with the procedures set forth in this Article; and 

(b) unless otherwise required by Applicable Law and the rules of any applicable stock exchange or quotation
system on which Shares may be then listed or quoted, if a Member intending to bring business before an annual general meeting in accordance
with this Article does not: (x) timely provide the notifications contemplated by Article 22.4(e) above; or (y) timely appear in person
or by proxy at the annual general meeting to present the proposed business, such business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that
proxies in respect of such business may have been received by the Company or any other person or entity. 

22 

22.7 Except as otherwise provided by Applicable Law or the Articles, the chairman or co-chairman of any annual
general meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether any business proposed to be brought before an annual general meeting
was proposed in accordance with the foregoing procedures (including whether the Member solicited or did not so solicit, as the case may
be, proxies in support of such Member s proposal in compliance with such Member s representation as required by Article 22.4(d)) and if
any business is not proposed in compliance with this Article, to declare that such defective proposal shall be disregarded. The requirements
of this Article shall apply to any business to be brought before an annual general meeting by a Member other than nominations of Directors
(which must be made in compliance with, and shall be exclusively governed by Article 29) and other than matters properly brought under
Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act. For purposes of the Articles, public announcement shall mean: 

(a) prior to the IPO, notice of the annual general meeting given to Members by or at the direction of the
Directors in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Articles; and 

(b) on and after the IPO, disclosure in a press release of the Company reported by the Dow Jones News Service,
Associated Press or comparable news service or in a document publicly filed or furnished by the Company with or to the United States Securities
Exchange Commission pursuant to section 13, 14 or 15(b) of the Exchange Act. 

22.8 Nothing in this Article shall be deemed to affect any rights of: 

(a) Members to request inclusion of proposals in the Company s proxy statement pursuant to applicable rules
and regulations under the Exchange Act; or 

(b) the holders of any class of Preferred Shares, or any other class of Shares authorised to be issued by
the Company, to make proposals pursuant to any applicable provisions thereof. 

22.9 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, a Member shall also comply with all applicable
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Article, if applicable. 

23 Proceedings at General Meetings 

23.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of a majority
of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative
or proxy shall be a quorum. 

23.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment
by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general
meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. 

23.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on
behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations
or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had
been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 

23 

23.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence or
if during such a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting, if convened upon a Members requisition, shall be dissolved and in
any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or
place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed
for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum. 

23.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person
to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of
the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present
within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect
one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

23.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after
the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

23.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed
by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 

23.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting. 

23.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors,
in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place,
the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place,
day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members.
No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting. 

23.10 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy
forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general meeting
which has already been postponed. 

23.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll. 

23.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution
of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded. 

23.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith.
A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and
any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll. 

23.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote. 

24 

24 Votes of Members 

24.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 29.1, every
Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder. 

24.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by
proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted
to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members. 

24.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction
in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Member s behalf appointed by that court, and any
such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy. 

24.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the
record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid. 

24.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned
general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection
made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive. 

24.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments
to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares
in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes. 

24.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way
on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting
a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments
may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from
voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed. 

25 Proxies 

25.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor
or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of its
duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member. 

25.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy
sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being
not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or
adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the
person named in the instrument proposes to vote. 

25 

25.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to
have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have
been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid. 

25.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors
may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll. 

25.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the
previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the
transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer
was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it
is sought to use the proxy. 

26 Corporate Members 

26.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks
fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual
Member. 

26.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons
as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the
authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person
so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts
and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered
holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)). 

27 Shares that May Not be Voted 

Shares in the Company that are beneficially
owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number
of outstanding Shares at any given time. 

28 Directors 

28.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that, subject
to Article 31.1, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors. 

26 

28.2 The Directors shall be divided into three (3) classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively.
Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the board of Directors. At the 2020
annual general meeting of the Company, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected
for a full term of three (3) years. At the 2021 annual general meeting of the Company, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall
expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the 2022 annual general meeting of the Company,
the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years.
At each succeeding annual general meeting of the Company, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years to succeed the
Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual general meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each
Director shall hold office until the expiration of his term, until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his
earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the board of Directors shall shorten the term
of any incumbent Director. 

29 Nomination of Directors 

29.1 Subject to Article 31.1, nominations of persons for election as Directors may be made at an annual general
meeting only by: 

(a) the Directors; or 

(b) by any Member who: 

(i) is a Minimum Member at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Article and at the time of
the annual general meeting; 

(ii) is entitled to vote for the appointments at such annual general meeting; and 

(iii) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Article (notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth in the Articles, this Article 29.1(b) shall be the exclusive means for a Member to make nominations of persons for election
of Directors at an annual general meeting). 

29.2 Any Member entitled to vote for the elections may nominate a person or persons for election as Directors
only if written notice of such Member s intent to make such nomination is given in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article,
either by personal delivery or express or registered mail (postage prepaid), to the Company not earlier than the close of business on
the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the one-year anniversary of the date of the annual general
meeting for the immediately preceding year. However, in the event that the date of the annual general meeting is more than 30 days before
or after such anniversary date, in order to be timely, a Member s notice must be received by the Company not later than the later of:
(x) the close of business 90 days prior to the date of such annual general meeting; and (y) if the first public announcement of the date
of such advanced or delayed annual general meeting is less than 100 days prior to such date, 10 days following the date of the first public
announcement of the annual general meeting date. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual
general meeting, or such adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period or otherwise extend any time period for the giving of
a Member s notice as described herein. Members may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to the Directors only
as provided in this Article and only for such class(es) as are specified in the notice of annual general meeting as being up for election
at such annual general meeting. 

27 

29.3 Each such notice of a Member s intent to make a nomination of a Director shall set forth: 

(a) as to the Member giving notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made: 

(i) the name and address of such Member (as it appears in the Register of Members) and any such beneficial
owner on whose behalf the nomination is made; 

(ii) the class and number of Shares which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by
such Member and any such beneficial owner, respectively, or their respective Affiliates (naming such Affiliates), as at the date of such
notice; 

(iii) a description of any Covered Arrangement to which such Member or beneficial owner, or their respective
Affiliates, directly or indirectly, is a party as at the date of such notice; 

(iv) any other information relating to such Member and any such beneficial owner that would be required to
be disclosed in a proxy statement in connection with a solicitation of proxies for the election of Directors in a contested election pursuant
to section 14 of the Exchange Act; and 

(v) a representation that the Member is a holder of record of Shares entitled to vote at such annual general
meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in such Member s notice; 

(b) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the Member or any beneficial owner, or their
respective Affiliates, and each nominee or any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination
or nominations are to be made by the Member; 

(c) a representation whether the Member or the beneficial owner is or intends to be part of a Group which
intends: 

(i) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Ordinary
Shares (or other Shares) required to elect the Director or Directors nominated; and/or 

(ii) otherwise to solicit proxies from Members in support of such nomination or nominations; 

(d) as to each person whom the Member proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a Director: 

(i) all information relating to such person as would have been required to be included in a proxy statement
filed in connection with a solicitation of proxies for the election of Directors in a contested election pursuant to section 14 of the
Exchange Act; 

(ii) a description of any Covered Arrangement to which such nominee or any of his Affiliates is a party as
at the date of such notice 

(iii) the written consent of each nominee to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving
as a Director if so elected; and 

(iv) whether, if elected, the nominee intends to tender any advance resignation notice(s) requested by the
Directors in connection with subsequent elections, such advance resignation to be contingent upon the nominee s failure to receive a majority
vote and acceptance of such resignation by the Directors; and 

28 

(e) an undertaking by the Member of record and each beneficial owner, if any, to (i) notify the Company in
writing of the information set forth in Articles 29.3(a)(ii), (a)(iii), (b) and (d) above as at the record date for the annual general
meeting promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) business days) following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record
date is first disclosed by public announcement and (ii) update such information thereafter within two (2) business days of any change
in such information and, in any event, as at close of business on the day preceding the meeting date. 

29.4 No person shall be eligible for election as a Director unless nominated in accordance with the procedures
set forth in the Articles. Except as otherwise provided by Applicable Law or the Articles, the chairman or co-chairman of any annual general
meeting to elect Directors or the Directors may, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not made in compliance with the
foregoing procedure or if the Member solicits proxies in support of such Member s nominee(s) without such Member having made the representation
required by Article 29.3(c); and if the chairman, co-chairman or the Directors should so determine, it shall be so declared to the annual
general meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding anything in the Articles to the contrary, unless otherwise
required by Applicable Law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange or quotation system on which Shares may be then listed or quoted,
if a Member intending to make a nomination at an annual general meeting in accordance with this Article does not: 

(a) timely provide the notifications contemplated by of Article 29.3(e); or 

(b) timely appear in person or by proxy at the annual general meeting to present the nomination, such nomination
shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination may have been received by the Company or any other person
or entity. 

29.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, any Member intending to make a nomination at
an annual general meeting in accordance with this Article, and each related beneficial owner, if any, shall also comply with all requirements
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder applicable to the same extent as if the Shares were registered under the
Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in the Articles; provided, however, that any references in the Articles to the Exchange
Act are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations made or intended to be made in accordance with
Article 29.1(b). 

29.6 Nothing in this Article shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of any class of Preferred
Shares, or any other class of Shares authorised to be issued by the Company, to appoint Directors pursuant to the terms thereof. 

29.7 To be eligible to be a nominee for election or re-election as a Director pursuant to Article 29.1(b),
a person must deliver (not later than the deadline prescribed for delivery of notice) to the Company a written questionnaire prepared
by the Company with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose
behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Company upon written request) and a written representation
and agreement (in the form provided by the Company upon written request) that such person: 

(a) is not and will not become a party to: 

(i) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any
person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a Director, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Company; or 

(ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as
a Director, with such person s duties under Applicable Law; 

29 

(b) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity
other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service
or action as a Director that has not been disclosed therein; 

(c) in such person s individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination
is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a Director, and will comply with, Applicable Law and corporate governance, conflict
of interest, confidentiality and share ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Company that are applicable to Directors generally;
and 

(d) if elected as a Director, will act in the best interests of the Company and not in the interest of any
individual constituency. The nominating and governance committee shall review all such information submitted by the Member with respect
to the proposed nominee and determine whether such nominee is eligible to act as a Director. The Company and the nominating and governance
committee of the Directors may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Company
to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent Director or that could be material to a reasonable Member s
understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee. 

29.8 At the request of the Directors, any person nominated for election as a Director shall furnish to the
Company the information that is required to be set forth in a Members notice of nomination pursuant to this Article. 

29.9 Any Member proposing to nominate a person or persons for election as Director shall be responsible for,
and bear the costs associated with, soliciting votes from any other voting Member and distributing materials to such Members prior to
the annual general meeting in accordance with the Articles and applicable rules of the United States Securities Exchange Commission. A
Member shall include any person or persons such Member intends to nominate for election as Director in its own proxy statement and proxy
card. 

30 Powers of Directors 

30.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Company. No
alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present
may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors. 

30.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments
and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in
such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution. 

30.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any
Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions
to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance. 

30.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its
undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock,
mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party. 

30 

31 Appointment and Removal of Directors 

31.1 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders
of the Class B Shares increase and decrease the number of Directors and appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution
of the holders of the Class B Shares remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination holders
of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director. 

31.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director
provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles
as the maximum number of Directors. 

31.3 After the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person
to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. 

31.4 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 31.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by at least 90 per cent of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at
a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way
of unanimous written resolution. 

32 Vacation of Office of Director 

The office of a Director shall be vacated
if: 

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or 

(b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three
consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution
that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or 

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally;
or 

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or 

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as
a Director for Cause (and not otherwise), either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly
convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors. 

31 

33 Proceedings of Directors 

33.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless
so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office. 

33.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall
have a second or casting vote. 

33.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone
or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the
same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined
by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the start of the meeting. 

33.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of
a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office
by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as
if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held. 

33.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors
by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered
unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors
all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis . 

33.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any
vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary
quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to
such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose. 

33.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold office;
but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for
the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

33.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding
that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or that they or any of them were disqualified,
and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not
disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to vote, as the case may be. 

33.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing
by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing
Director. 

32 

34 Presumption of Assent 

A Director who is present at a meeting
of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless
his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the person
acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post to
such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour
of such action. 

35 Directors Interests 

35.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor)
in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine. 

35.2 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity for the
Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director. 

35.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted
by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director shall
be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest
in, such other company. 

35.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting
with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by
or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director
so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any
such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest
of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon. 

35.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm
or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes
of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it shall
not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction. 

36 Minutes 

The Directors shall cause minutes to
be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of
the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the
Directors present at each meeting. 

33 

37 Delegation of Directors Powers 

37.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate,
to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose
and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors.
Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings
of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 

37.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager
or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies.
Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion
of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings
of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they
are capable of applying. 

37.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees. Each of these committees shall be empowered
to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors
may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and
Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the
Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors
as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations
of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law). 

37.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company
on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be
revoked by the Directors at any time. 

37.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons,
whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose
and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and
for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain
such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors
may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions
vested in him. 

37.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration
and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise
specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate his
office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office. 

34 

38 No Minimum Shareholding 

The Company in general meeting may fix
a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is
not required to hold Shares. 

39 Remuneration of Directors 

39.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall
determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination.
The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling,
hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors,
or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise
in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect
thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other. 

39.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which
in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney
or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director. 

40 Seal 

40.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority
of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall
be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose. 

40.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals
each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face
of the name of every place where it is to be used. 

40.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the
Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or to
be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever. 

41 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 

41.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any
Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or
other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend
shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company,
out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law. 

41.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank
for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly. 

41.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money
(if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise. 

35 

41.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution
of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company
or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as
they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any
part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust
the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors. 

41.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may
be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how
any costs involved are to be met. 

41.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as
they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company
and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company. 

41.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be
paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or,
in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person
and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order
of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders. 

41.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company. 

41.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after
six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid
into a separate account in the Company s name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account
and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed
after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert
to the Company. 

42 Capitalisation 

The Directors may at any time capitalise
any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company s reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital redemption
reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such
sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of
profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment
and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts
and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think
fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue
to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members
interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement
made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company. 

36 

43 Books of Account 

43.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying documentation
including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in
respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities
of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper
books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the
state of the Company s affairs and to explain its transactions. 

43.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions
or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and
no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred
by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting. 

43.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and
loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law. 

44 Audit 

44.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors
determine. 

44.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or
depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit
Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities
of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. 

44.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee
for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest. 

44.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists). 

44.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable
of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and
determine the remuneration of such Auditor. 

44.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers
of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for
the performance of the duties of the Auditor. 

44.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their
tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the
Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of
a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office,
upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members. 

37 

45 Notices 

45.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending
it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is
given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company s Website. 

45.2 Where a notice is sent by: 

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company,
and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on
which the notice was delivered to the courier; 

(b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting
a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public
holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted; 

(c) cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending
such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted; 

(d) e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting
the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it
was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and 

(e) placing it on the Company s Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour
after the notice or document was placed on the Company s Website. 

45.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled
to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be
given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the
bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option
of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred. 

45.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder
of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders
the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership
of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but
for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices
of general meetings. 

38 

46 Winding Up 

46.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding
up: 

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole
of the Company s issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the
Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or 

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the
whole of the Company s issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members
in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares
in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. 

46.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and
with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in
kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may
for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members.
The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of
the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon
which there is a liability. 

47 Indemnity and Insurance 

47.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company),
together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person shall be indemnified out of the assets
of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever
which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such liability
(if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable
to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions
unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be
found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction
shall have made a finding to that effect. 

47.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity
will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking
to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified
Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall
not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person. 

47.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director
or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence,
default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company. 

48 Financial Year 

Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe,
the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st
January in each year. 

39 

49 Transfer by Way of Continuation 

49.1 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, if the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute it
shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares, have
the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to
be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination holders of Class A Shares
shall have no right to vote on the continuation of the Company as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman
Islands. 

49.2 After the closing of a Business Combination, if the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it
shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation
as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 

49.3 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 49.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by at least 90 per cent of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at
a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way
of unanimous written resolution. 

50 Mergers and Consolidations 

The Company shall have the power to
merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may determine
and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution. 

51 Business Combination 

51.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail. 

51.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either: 

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or 

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a
per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account ((net of taxes paid or payable,
if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount
that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001. 

51.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
Act in connection with a Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior
to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds general meeting
to approve a Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

51.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article,
in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business
Combination. 

40 

51.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, in connection
with any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash (the IPO Redemption ),
provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership,
limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption
right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company. If so demanded,
the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination,
a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two
business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to
herein as the Redemption Price ). The Company shall not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause the Company s
net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation ). 

51.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine
(in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part). 

51.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination on or before September 25, 2023,
or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: 

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; 

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members 
rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and 

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, 

subject in each case
to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. 

51.8 In the event that any amendment is made to this Article: 

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination
within 24 months from the consummation of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles; or 

(b) with respect to any other material provisions relating to Member s rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, 

each holder of Public
Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon
the approval of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The Company s ability to provide such redemption in this Article is subject to the Redemption
Limitation. 

41 

51.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the
event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust
Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the
Trust Account. 

51.10 Except in connection with the conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares pursuant to Article 17
where the holders of such Shares have waived any right to receive funds from the Trust Fund, after the issue of Public Shares, and prior
to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Directors shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle
the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Fund or (ii) vote as a class with Public Shares (a) on any Business Combination. 

51.11 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest
with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors. 

51.12 The Company shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with another blank cheque company or
a similar company with nominal operations. 

52 Certain Tax Filings 

Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and
any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN,
W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state or federal governmental authorities
or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms
as may be approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any
Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles. 

53 Business Opportunities 

53.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an Officer Management shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces
any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate
opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director
and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself,
directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the
Company. 

53.2 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that
is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in
the past. 

53.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, such renouncement shall not apply to any business
opportunity that is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a Director or Officer of the Company and it is an
opportunity the Company is able to complete on a reasonable basis. 

42 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_byteacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERAND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Sam Gloor, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BYTE Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Sam Gloor 

Sam Gloor 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_byteacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of BYTE Acquisition
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Sam Gloor, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Sam Gloor 

Sam Gloor 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 byts-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 byts-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 byts-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 byts-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 byts-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

