<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1511337_0001511337-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18654011</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>340594</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2415418</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6808521</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4453401</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4309762</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001511337-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161503
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001511337-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RLJ Lodging Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001511337
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35169
		FILM NUMBER:		23685480

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-280-7777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001511337-23-000007.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 rlj-20221231.htm
 10-K

rlj-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emergin g growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the 158,417,997 common shares of beneficial interest held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately based on the closing price of 11.03 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange for such common shares of beneficial interest on June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 21, 2023, common shares of beneficial interest of the Registrant, 0.01 par value per share, were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item No. Form 10-K 
 Report Page 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 29 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 43 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 44 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 44 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 44 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 48 

1 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the use of the words "believe," "project," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "may," "will," "will continue," "intend," "should," "may" or similar expressions. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, beliefs and expectations, such forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events or guarantees of future performance and our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
 Factors that might cause actual outcomes to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include the following: the current global economic uncertainty, increased direct and indirect competition, changes in government regulations or accounting rules, changes in local, national and global real estate conditions, declines in the lodging industry, seasonality of the lodging industry, risks related to natural disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes, hostilities, including future terrorist attacks or fear of hostilities that affect travel, epidemics and/or pandemics, our ability to obtain lines of credit or permanent financing on satisfactory terms, inflation and changes in interest rates, access to capital through offerings of our common and preferred shares of beneficial interest, or debt, our ability to identify suitable acquisitions, our ability to close on identified acquisitions and integrate those businesses, and inaccuracies of our accounting estimates. A discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Except where the context suggests otherwise, we define certain terms in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as follows: 
 "our company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to RLJ Lodging Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which we refer to as the "Operating Partnership"; 
 "our hotel properties" refers to the 97 hotels owned by us as of December 31, 2022; 
 a "compact full-service hotel" typically refers to any hotel with (1) less than 300 guestrooms and less than 12,000 square feet of meeting space, or (2) more than 300 guestrooms where, unlike traditional full-service hotels, the operations focus primarily on the rental of guestrooms such that a significant majority of its total revenue is generated from room rentals rather than other sources, such as food and beverage; 
 a "focused-service hotel" typically refers to any hotel where the operations focus primarily on the rental of guestrooms and that offers services and amenities to a lesser extent than a traditional full-service or compact full-service hotel. For example, a focused-service hotel may have a restaurant, but, unlike a restaurant in a traditional full-service or compact full-service hotel, it may not offer three meals per day and may not offer room service. In addition, a focused-service hotel differs from a compact full-service hotel in that it typically has less than 2,000 square feet of meeting space, if any at all; 
 "TRS" refers to each of our taxable REIT subsidiaries that are wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by the Operating Partnership and any disregarded subsidiaries of our TRSs; 
 "Average Daily Rate" ("ADR") represents the total hotel room revenues divided by the total number of rooms sold in a given period; 
 "Occupancy" represents the total number of hotel rooms sold in a given period divided by the total number of rooms available; and 
 "Revenue Per Available Room" ("RevPAR") is the product of ADR and Occupancy. 
 For a more in depth discussion of ADR, Occupancy and RevPAR, please refer to the "Key Indicators of Operating Performance" section. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 We are a self-advised and self-administered Maryland real estate investment trust ("REIT") that owns primarily premium-branded, rooms-oriented, high-margin, focused-service and compact full-service hotels located within heart of demand locations. We are one of the largest U.S. publicly-traded lodging REITs in terms of both number of hotels and number of rooms. Our hotels are concentrated in markets that we believe exhibit multiple demand generators and attractive long-term growth prospects. We believe premium-branded, focused-service and compact full-service hotels with these characteristics generate high levels of RevPAR, strong operating margins and attractive returns. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 97 hotel properties with approximately 21,400 rooms, located in 23 states and the District of Columbia. We owned, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, a 100 interest in 95 of our hotel properties, a 95 controlling interest in one hotel property, and a 50 non-controlling interest in an entity owning one hotel property. We consolidate our real estate interests in the 96 hotel properties in which we hold a controlling financial interest, and we record the real estate interest in the one hotel property in which we hold an indirect 50 non-controlling interest using the equity method of accounting. We lease 96 of the 97 hotel properties to our TRSs, of which we own a controlling financial interest. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we elect to be taxed as a REIT. Substantially all of our assets and liabilities are held by, and all of our operations are conducted through, the Operating Partnership. We are the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, we owned, through a combination of direct and indirect interests, 99.5 of the units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership ("OP units"). 
 
 The Lodging Industry 
 
 The lodging industry in the United States consists of public and private entities that operate in an extremely diversified market under a variety of brand names. The key participants in the lodging industry are as follows: 
 Owners own the hotel property and typically enter into a management agreement with an independent third party to manage the hotel property. The hotel properties may be branded and operated under the manager s brand or branded under a separate franchise agreement. 
 Franchisors own a brand or brands and provide the franchised hotels with brand recognition, marketing support and worldwide reservation systems. 
 Managers responsible for the day-to-day operation of the hotel property, including the employment of the hotel staff, the determination of room rates, the development of sales and marketing plans, the preparation of operating and capital expenditure budgets and the preparation of financial reports for the owner. 
 
 Our Investment and Business Strategies 
 
 Our objective is to generate strong returns for our shareholders by acquiring and owning primarily premium-branded, focused-service and compact full-service hotels at prices where we believe we can generate attractive returns on investment and long-term value appreciation through proactive asset management. We also intend to selectively dispose of hotel properties when we believe the returns have been maximized or the hotel properties no longer meet our strategy in order to have investment capacity for other opportunities, which may include acquisitions. We intend to pursue this objective through the following investment and business strategies: 
 
 Investment Strategies 
 Targeted ownership of premium-branded, focused-service and compact full-service hotels. We believe that premium-branded, rooms-oriented, high-margin, focused-service and compact full-service hotels located within heart of demand locations have the potential to generate attractive returns relative to other types of hotels due to their ability to achieve RevPAR levels at or close to those generated by traditional full-service hotels, while achieving higher profit margins due to their more efficient operating model and less volatile cash flows. 
 Use of premium hotel brands. We believe in affiliating our hotels with premium brands owned by leading international franchisors such as Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt. We believe that utilizing premium brands provides significant advantages because of their guest loyalty programs, worldwide reservation systems, effective product segmentation, global distribution and strong customer awareness. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Focus on high-growth markets. We focus on owning and acquiring hotel properties in markets that we believe exhibit multiple demand generators and attractive long-term growth prospects. As a result, we believe that these hotel properties generate higher returns on investment. 
 
 Business Strategies 
 Maximize returns from our hotel properties. We believe that our hotel properties have the potential to generate improvements in RevPAR and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") as a result of our proactive asset management. We actively monitor and advise our third-party management companies on most aspects of our hotels' operations, including property positioning, physical design, capital planning and investment, guest experience and overall strategic direction. We regularly review opportunities to further invest in our hotel properties in an effort to enhance quality and attractiveness, increase long-term value and generate attractive returns on investment. 
 Pursue a disciplined hotel acquisition strategy. We seek to acquire additional hotel properties at prices below replacement cost where we believe we can generate attractive returns on investment. We intend to target newly or recently built hotel properties and we will also target acquisition opportunities where we can enhance value by pursuing proactive investment strategies such as renovation, repositioning or rebranding. 
 Pursue opportunistic capital recycling. We may opportunistically and selectively sell hotel properties whose returns appear to have been maximized. To the extent that we sell our hotel properties, except as may be required by our debt agreements, we intend to redeploy the capital into other investment opportunities, including without limitation, acquisitions and internal value creation opportunities. 
 Maintain a flexible balance sheet. We intend to continue to maintain a flexible capital structure that allows us to execute our strategy. We believe that a strong balance sheet is a key competitive advantage that affords us a lower cost of capital and positions us for growth. We structure our debt profile to maintain financial flexibility and a balanced maturity schedule with access to different forms of financing. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Our Hotels 
 
 Our hotel properties operate under strong, premium brands, with approximately 88 of our hotel properties operating under existing relationships with Marriott, Hilton or Hyatt. The following table sets forth the brand affiliations of our hotel properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 Brand Affiliations Number of hotels Percentage of total hotels Number of rooms Percentage of total rooms Marriott Courtyard 12 12.4 2,664 12.4 Residence Inn 10 10.3 1,444 6.7 Marriott 4 4.1 1,500 7.0 Fairfield Inn Suites 4 4.1 552 2.6 Renaissance 3 3.1 782 3.7 SpringHill Suites 2 2.1 273 1.3 AC Hotel 1 1.0 205 1.0 Moxy 1 1.0 170 0.8 Subtotal 37 38.1 7,590 35.5 Hilton Embassy Suites 19 19.6 5,289 24.7 Hilton Garden Inn 5 5.2 1,125 5.3 DoubleTree/DoubleTree Suites by Hilton 4 4.1 920 4.3 Hampton Inn/Hampton Inn Suites 3 3.1 499 2.3 Curio Collection 2 2.1 468 2.2 Homewood Suites 2 2.1 345 1.6 Hilton 1 1.0 231 1.1 Subtotal 36 37.2 8,877 41.5 Hyatt Hyatt House 7 7.2 1,204 5.6 Hyatt Place 3 3.1 466 2.2 Hyatt Centric 2 2.1 266 1.2 Subtotal 12 12.4 1,936 9.0 Wyndham Wyndham 5 5.2 1,893 8.8 Subtotal 5 5.2 1,893 8.8 Other Brand Affiliation/Independent 7 7.1 1,114 5.2 Total 97 100.0 21,410 100.0 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 We have a dedicated team of asset management professionals that proactively work with our third-party management companies to maximize profitability at each of our hotels to the extent permitted under the REIT rules. Our asset management team monitors the performance of our hotels on a daily basis and holds frequent ownership meetings with corporate operations executives and key personnel at the hotels. Our asset management team works closely with our third-party management companies on key aspects of each hotel's operation, including, among others, revenue management, market positioning, cost structure, capital and operational budgeting, as well as the identification and evaluation of return on investment initiatives and overall business strategy. In addition, we retain approval rights on key staffing positions at many of our hotels, such as the hotel's general manager and director of sales. We believe that our strong asset management process helps to ensure that each hotel is being operated to our and our franchisors' standards, that our hotel properties are being adequately maintained in order to preserve the value of the asset and to ensure the safety of our customers, and that our management companies are maximizing revenues, profits and operating margins. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 
 The U.S. lodging industry is highly competitive. Our hotel properties compete with other participants in the lodging industry for guests in each of their markets on the basis of several factors, including, among others, location, quality of accommodations, convenience, brand affiliation, room rates, service levels, amenities and the availability of lodging and event space. Competition is often specific to the individual markets in which our hotel properties are located and includes competition from existing and new hotels in the focused-service and compact full-service hotel segments and non-traditional accommodations for travelers, such as online services that market homes, apartments and condominiums as an alternative to hotel rooms. We believe that hotels, such as our hotels, that are affiliated with leading national brands, such as the Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt brands, will enjoy competitive advantages associated with operating under such brands. 
 
 We face competition for the acquisition of hotel properties from institutional pension funds, private equity funds, REITs, hotel companies and other parties who are engaged in the acquisition of hotel properties. Some of these competitors may have substantially greater financial and operational resources and access to capital, a lower cost of capital and/or greater knowledge of the markets in which we seek to invest. This competition may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us and decrease the attractiveness of the terms on which we may acquire our targeted hotel investments, including the cost thereof. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The lodging industry is seasonal in nature, which can cause quarterly fluctuations in our revenues. For example, our hotels in the northeastern metropolitan areas experience lower revenues and profits during the winter months of December through March, while our hotels in Florida generally have higher revenues in the months of January through April. This seasonality can be expected to cause periodic fluctuations in a hotel's room revenues, occupancy levels, room rates, operating expenses and cash flows. 
 
 Our Financing Strategy 
 
 Over time, we intend to finance our long-term growth with equity issuances and debt financing with staggered maturities. Our strategy with respect to our debt profile is to primarily have unsecured debt and a greater percentage of fixed rate and hedged floating rate debt as compared to unhedged floating rate debt. Our debt is currently comprised of unsecured senior notes, unsecured credit agreements, and mortgage loans secured by certain hotel properties. We have a mix of fixed and floating rate debt; however, the majority of our debt currently either bears interest at fixed rates or effectively bears interest at fixed rates due to interest rate swaps on the debt. 
 
 Organizational Structure 
 
 We conduct our business through a traditional umbrella partnership real estate investment trust ("UPREIT") in which our hotel properties are indirectly owned by the Operating Partnership, through limited partnerships, limited liability companies or other subsidiaries. We are the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and, as of December 31, 2022, we owned 99.5 of the OP units in the Operating Partnership. In the future, we may issue OP units from time to time in connection with acquiring hotel properties, financing, compensation or other reasons. 
 
 In order for the income from our hotel operations to constitute "rents from real property" for purposes of the gross income tests required for REIT qualification, we cannot directly or indirectly operate any of our hotel properties. Accordingly, we lease our hotels, and we intend to lease any hotels we acquire in the future, to subsidiaries of our TRSs ("TRS lessees"), which are owned by us. Our TRS lessees have engaged, or will engage, third-party management companies to manage our hotel properties, and any hotel properties we acquire in the future, on market terms. 
 
 Our TRS lessees pay rent to us that we intend to treat as "rents from real property," provided that the third-party management companies engaged by our TRS lessees to manage our hotel properties are deemed to be "eligible independent contractors" and certain other requirements are met. Our TRSs are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes applicable to corporations. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Regulation 
 
 General 
 
 Our hotel properties are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to common areas and fire and life safety requirements. We believe that each of our hotel properties has the necessary permits and approvals to operate its business. 
 
 Americans with Disabilities Act 
 
 Our hotel properties must comply with the applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Accessibility Guidelines promulgated thereunder (the "ADA"), to the extent that such hotels are "public accommodations" as defined by the ADA. The ADA may require the removal of structural barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our hotels where such removal is readily achievable. We believe that our hotel properties are in substantial compliance with the ADA and that we will not be required to make substantial capital expenditures to address the requirements of the ADA. However, non-compliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our hotels and to make alterations as appropriate in this respect. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, a current or previous owner or operator (including tenants) of real estate may be subject to liability related to contamination resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances at that property and may be required to investigate and clean up such contamination at that property or emanating from that property. These costs could be substantial and liability under these laws may attach without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the contaminants, and the liability may be joint and several. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our hotels may expose us to third-party liability for cleanup costs, property damage or bodily injury, natural resource damages and costs or expenses related to liens or property use restrictions and materially and adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to incur debt using the real estate as collateral. 
 
 Our hotel properties are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our hotel properties incur costs to comply with these laws and regulations and could be subject to fines and penalties for non-compliance. The costs of complying with environmental, health and safety laws could increase as new laws are enacted and existing laws are modified. 
 
 Some of our hotel properties contain asbestos-containing building materials. We believe that the asbestos is appropriately contained in accordance with current environmental regulations and that we have no need for any immediate remediation or current plans to remove the asbestos. 
 
 We believe that our hotel properties are in compliance, in all material respects, with all federal, state and local environmental ordinances and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances and other environmental matters, the violation of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Although we have not received written notice from any governmental authority of any material noncompliance, liability or claim relating to hazardous or toxic substances or other environmental matters in connection with any of our present properties, we can offer no assurance that a material environmental claim will not be asserted against us in the future. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 We carry comprehensive general liability, fire, extended coverage, business interruption, rental loss of income coverage and umbrella liability coverage on all of our hotels, including earthquake, wind, flood and hurricane coverage on hotels in areas where we believe such coverages are warranted, in each case with limits of liability that we deem adequate. Similarly, we are insured against the risk of direct physical damage in amounts we believe to be adequate to reimburse us, on a replacement cost basis, for the costs incurred to repair or rebuild each hotel, including loss of income during the reconstruction period. We have selected policy specifications and insured limits which we believe to be appropriate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. Certain of our properties in our portfolio are located in areas known to be subject to hurricanes and we believe that we have appropriate insurance for those risks, although they are subject to higher deductibles for named windstorms than our other properties. We do not carry insurance for generally uninsurable risks, including, but not 
 7 

Table of Contents 

limited to losses caused by communicable or infectious diseases, war or governmental actions such as government seizures of property. In addition, we do not carry cyber insurance. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 76 employees. We strive to maintain a workplace that is free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, age, ethnicity, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or any other status protected by applicable laws. We conduct annual trainings to prevent discrimination and harassment and monitor employee conduct year-round. 
 
 Our key human capital management objectives are to attract, recruit, hire, develop and promote a deep and diverse bench of talent that translates into a strong and successful workforce. To support these objectives, our human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions for the future; reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefit programs, and flexible work arrangements; enhance our culture through efforts to foster, promote, and preserve a culture of diversity and inclusion; and evolve and invest in technology, tools, and resources to enable employees at work. 
 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance ("ESG") 
 
 We are committed to driving long-term value creation for our shareholders by upholding our corporate responsibility and incorporating ESG initiatives in all key aspects of our strategy and business. 
 
 In January 2023, we released our inaugural Corporate Sustainability Report, which updated the Global Reporting Initiative GRI disclosures for our portfolio, the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board SASB Real Estate disclosures and disclosures in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures TCFD ). 
 
 On the environmental front, we believe our investment strategy of owning primarily rooms-oriented, focused-service and compact full-service hotels leads to lower operational intensity and higher efficiency with respect to space usage than full-service hotels, resulting in an overall lower environmental impact across our portfolio. We continue to disclose our environmental policy, which includes our environmental objectives such as reducing energy, greenhouse gas, and water usage and making green building investments, as well as addressing the physical impacts of climate change. One of our properties that was converted to an independent brand in Southern California achieved an Energy Star certification, and we have identified additional hotels in the portfolio that are currently eligible for certification. Our capital expenditure priorities are focused heavily on projects that, in addition to strengthening our market positioning, also enhance profitability by bringing about energy and water usage reductions and savings. Since 2017, we have invested in over 130 efficiency projects. Through these and our wider initiatives and support from our hotel operators, across our portfolio since 2017, we have reduced our energy usage per square foot by 19 and our greenhouse gas emissions per square foot by 30 . We are taking measurable steps to address the impact of climate change on our portfolio. We are committed to setting specific and quantifiable targets including reducing our carbon emissions by 35 by 2030. 
 
 With respect to social causes, we continue to show our commitment to making an impact in the communities we serve. In 2022, for example, we sponsored a volunteer day with Habitat for Humanity s Maryland chapter. RLJ associates spent the day helping to build housing at one of Habitat for Humanity s Maryland locations, not too far from our corporate headquarters in Bethesda, MD. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with our adherence to the American Hotel Lodging Association ("AHLA") Safe Stay initiative, we are committed to promoting the health and well-being of all members of our community from our customers and associates to the employees of our third-party management companies. To that end, we incorporate all related AHLA Safe Stay policies and procedures into hotel operations so that all related parties benefit from our support. We have committed to initiatives that support associate well-being, including the AHLA 5-Star Promise a voluntary industry pledge to improve and promote workplace safety around sexual violence, assault, and human trafficking. We are also committed to supporting our third-party management companies with integrating the 5-Star Promise principles throughout their hotel operations. Our labor and human rights policy outlines our approach to ensuring fair and equitable labor practices. 
 
 We continue to uphold high standards with respect to governance, which is reflected in our approach to maintaining a highly diverse board and our overall approach to risk management. With respect to our board, three trustees are women, five are ethnically diverse and seven are independent. Nearly 80 of our board has deep expertise and experience in risk management. In addition, our board, via the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the "NCG Committee") of the board, has the overall responsibility for overseeing ESG-related issues, policies and programs for the Company. In 2022, we established an internal ESG committee that reports ESG matters directly through our CEO to the board s NCG Committee. The 
 8 

Table of Contents 

NCG Committee, with critical support from management, is leading the effort to formulate our strategy with respect to adapting and responding to the risks and opportunities presented by ESG-related matters. 
 
 We intend to continue to enhance our ESG initiatives and our disclosures by striving to adhere to other widely recognized frameworks to provide additional transparency regarding our ESG initiatives. We also intend to enhance strategic decision making by identifying and addressing material risks and opportunities that mitigate long-term environmental impacts to our hotel properties. We will continue to seek ways to maximize the positive impact of our business in ways that foster long-term resiliency for both the portfolio and our stakeholders. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 3 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 1000, Bethesda, Maryland 20814. Our telephone number is (301) 280-7777. Our website is located at www.rljlodgingtrust.com. The information that is found on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We have included our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as an inactive textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. 
 
 We make available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also make available on our website on the Corporate Governance page under the Investor Relations section various documents related to our corporate governance including our: Board Committee Charters; Corporate Governance Guidelines; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; Complaint Procedures for Financial and Auditing Matters; Declaration of Trust; and Bylaws. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC are available on the SEC's website, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's website address is www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our shareholders. You should carefully consider the following risks in evaluating our Company and our business. The occurrence of any of the following risks could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the market price of our common shares, and our ability to, among other things, satisfy our debt service obligations and to make distributions to our shareholders, which in turn could cause our shareholders to lose all or a part of their investment. Some statements in this report including statements in the following risk factors constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled "Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements" at the beginning of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Hotel Properties 
 
 Economic volatility, high rates of inflation and risks associated with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could significantly impact and disrupt our business, financial performance and condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 
 Our business strategy depends on achieving revenue and net income growth from demand for hotel rooms as part of a strong U.S. and global economy. Any economic slowdown or recession or weaker-than-anticipated growth could negatively impact demand for our hotel rooms, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and condition, operating results and cash flows. Even if the U.S. economy and the global economy remain stable or grow in 2023, we cannot provide any assurances that demand for hotel rooms will increase from current levels. If demand does not increase in the near future, or if demand weakens, our future results of operations and our growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Recent price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the U.S. financial markets have caused stock market prices to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. Ongoing volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional financing for our capital needs, including growth, acquisition activities and other business initiatives, on favorable terms or at all, which may negatively affect our business. A prolonged downturn in the financial markets may cause us to seek alternative capital sources of potentially less attractive financing and may require us to further adjust our business plan accordingly. These events also may make it more 
 9 

Table of Contents 

difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of new equity or the incurrence of additional secured or unsecured debt, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 In addition to market volatility, the United States and the rest of the world are currently experiencing a significant increase in inflation. Inflation poses a risk to us due to the recent increases in interest rates, as well as the possibility of future increases in interest rates, which have adversely impacted our outstanding variable rate debt and may result in higher interest rates on any new fixed-rate debt we may incur. We have entered into interest rate swaps to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations related to a portion of our variable rate debt. However, in an increasing interest rate environment, the fixed rates we can obtain with such replacement fixed-rate cap and swap agreements, and the fixed-rate on any new debt we may incur, will also continue to increase. Increased inflation may also have an adverse effect on our operating expenses, including, but not limited to, labor, supplies, repairs and maintenance, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than our revenues. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact occupancy levels at our hotel properties and, in turn, our own results of operations. 
 
 Finally, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have, in the past, faced decreased operating revenues, the delay of planned capital expenditures, disruptions in our supply chains, and labor shortages. During 2022, some of these factors improved. However, if the COVID-19 pandemic worsens, or if we experience another pandemic or epidemic in the future, any increases in unemployment, decreased capital spending, declines in consumer confidence, increases in inflation, supply-chain issues, or economic slowdowns or recessions that may result therefrom could cause sustained negative consumer or business sentiment and reduced demand for travel and lodging, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 
 We require a significant amount of cash to service our debt and sustain our operations. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and we may not be able to generate cash required to service our debt. 
 
 Our ability to meet our debt service obligations or refinance our debt depends on our future operating and financial performance and capacity to generate cash. Our performance and capacity to generate cash will be affected by our ability to implement our business strategy successfully, but also certain general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. If we cannot generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations or fund our other business needs, we may, among other things, need to refinance all or a portion of our debt, obtain additional financing, or delay planned capital expenditures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate sufficient cash through any of the foregoing. If we are unable to refinance any of our debt or obtain additional financing on reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to satisfy our debt obligations. 
 
 We will continue to be significantly influenced by the economies and other conditions in the specific markets in which we operate, particularly in the metropolitan areas where we have high concentrations of hotels. 
 
 Our hotels located in the Northern California, Southern California, South Florida, Chicago, Illinois, and Houston, Texas metropolitan areas accounted for approximately 13.2 , 11.0 , 9.0 , 6.8 and 5.8 , respectively, of our total number of rooms available for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, we are particularly susceptible to adverse market conditions in these areas, including industry downturns, relocation of businesses, any oversupply of hotel rooms, political unrest, supply-chain issues and inflationary pressures, or a reduction in lodging demand. Adverse economic developments in the markets in which we have a concentration of hotels, or in any of the other markets in which we operate, or any increase in hotel supply or decrease in lodging demand resulting from the local, regional or national business or political climate, could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We are dependent on the performance of the third-party management companies that manage the operations of each of our hotels and we could be materially and adversely affected if such third-party hotel managers do not manage our hotels in our best interests. 
 
 Because U.S. federal income tax laws restrict REITs and their subsidiaries from operating or managing hotel properties, we do not operate or manage our hotel properties. Instead, we retain third-party hotel managers to operate our hotel properties pursuant to management agreements. As of December 31, 2022, all of our hotel properties had individual management agreements, 31 of which were with Aimbridge Hospitality ("Aimbridge") and 20 of which were with Hilton. 
 
 The success of our hotel properties depends largely on our ability to establish and maintain good relationships with the hotel managers. From time to time, disputes may arise between us and our third-party managers regarding their performance or compliance with the terms of the management agreements, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. We 
 10 

Table of Contents 

generally will attempt to resolve any such disputes through discussions and negotiations; however, if we are unable to reach satisfactory results through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to terminate our management agreement, litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution, the outcome of which may be unfavorable to us. 
 
 In the event that any of our management agreements are terminated, we can provide no assurances that we could find a replacement manager or that our franchisors will consent to a replacement manager in a timely manner, or at all, or that any replacement manager will be successful in operating our hotels. Furthermore, if Aimbridge and/or Hilton, as our largest providers of management services, are financially unable or unwilling to perform their obligations pursuant to our management agreements, our ability to find a replacement manager or managers for our Aimbridge- and/or Hilton-managed hotels could be challenging, costly and time consuming. 
 
 Costs associated with, or failure to maintain, franchisor operating standards may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Under the terms of our franchise license agreements, we are required to meet specified operating standards and other terms and conditions. We expect that our franchisors will periodically inspect our hotel properties to ensure that we and the hotel management companies follow brand standards. Failure by us, or any management company that we engage, to maintain these standards or other terms and conditions could result in a franchise license being canceled or the franchisor requiring us to undertake a costly property improvement program. If a franchise license is terminated due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms, we also may be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment, which will vary by franchisor and by hotel. If the funds required to maintain franchisor operating standards are significant, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, if we were to lose a franchise license, the underlying value of a particular hotel property could decline significantly from the loss of the associated name recognition, marketing support, participation in guest loyalty programs and the centralized reservation system provided by the franchisor, which could require us to recognize an impairment charge on the hotel property. Furthermore, the loss of a franchise license at a particular hotel property could harm our relationship with the franchisor, which could impede our ability to operate other hotels under the same brand, limit our ability to obtain new franchise licenses from the franchisor in the future on favorable terms, or at all, and cause us to incur significant costs to obtain a new franchise license for the particular hotel. 
 
 We are subject to the risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor. 
 
 Our third-party management companies are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although we do not directly employ or manage the employees at our hotels, we still are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to higher labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. We do not have the ability to affect the outcome of these negotiations. 
 
 Hotels where our managers have collective bargaining agreements with their employees are more highly affected by labor force activities than others. Furthermore, labor agreements may limit the ability of our hotel managers to reduce the size of the hotel workforce during an economic downturn because collective bargaining agreements are negotiated between the hotel managers and labor unions. Our ability, if any, to have any material impact on the outcome of these negotiations is restricted by and dependent on the individual management agreement covering a specific property, and we may have limited ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. 
 
 Labor shortages could slow our growth or harm our business. 
 
 Our success depends in part upon our third-party management companies' ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. Qualified individuals needed to fill these positions are in short supply in some areas. The inability to recruit and retain these individuals may adversely impact hotel operations and guest satisfaction, which could harm our business. Additionally, competition for qualified employees has required us to pay meaningfully higher wages to attract enough employees than has historically been the case, and continued tightness in labor markets could result in continued escalation of labor costs. In addition, we could face some challenges meeting workforce requirements resulting from changes in workforce dynamics, such as higher standards and working remotely or more flexibility, which could result in increased labor costs in the future. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Restrictive covenants in certain of our management and franchise agreements contain provisions limiting or restricting the sale or financing of our hotels, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our management and franchise agreements may contain restrictive covenants that limit or restrict our ability to sell or refinance a hotel without the consent of the management company or franchisor. Some of our franchise agreements provide the franchisor with a right of first offer in the event of certain sales or transfers of a hotel and provide that the franchisor has the right to approve any change in the management company engaged to manage the hotel. Generally, we may not agree to sell, lease or otherwise transfer particular hotels unless the transferee is not a competitor of the management company or franchisor and the transferee assumes the related management and/or franchise agreements. If the management company or franchisor does not consent to the sale or financing of our hotels, we may still sell the hotels, but there could be adverse consequences. 
 
 Our ownership of hotel properties with ground leases exposes us to the risks that we may be forced to sell such hotel properties for a lower price, we may have difficulties financing such hotel properties, we may be unable to renew a ground lease or we may lose such hotel properties upon breach of a ground lease. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 13 of our consolidated hotel properties and our unconsolidated hotel property were on land subject to ground leases. Accordingly, we only own a leasehold or similar interest in those 14 hotel properties. Our ground leases at Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill and Wyndham San Diego Bayside expire in 2028 and 2029, respectively, and if these leases are not extended, the hotel properties would be turned over to the ground lessor. Our ground lease agreements require the consent of the lessor or sub-lessor prior to transferring our interest in the ground lease. These provisions may impact our ability to sell our hotel properties which, in turn, could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale. In addition, at any given time, investors may be disinterested in buying hotel properties subject to a ground lease and may pay a lower price for such hotel properties than for a comparable hotel property with a fee simple interest or they may not purchase such hotel properties at any price. Secured lenders may be unwilling to lend, or otherwise charge higher interest rates, for loans secured by a leasehold mortgage as compared to loans secured by a fee simple mortgage. If we are found to be in breach of a ground lease, we could lose the right to use the hotel property. In addition, unless we can purchase a fee simple interest in the underlying land and improvements or extend the terms of these leases before their expiration, as to which no assurance can be given, we will lose our right to own these hotel properties and our interest in the improvements upon expiration of the leases. If we were to lose the right to use a hotel property due to a breach or non-renewal of the ground lease, we would be unable to derive income from such hotel property and we would be required to purchase an interest in another hotel property in an attempt to replace that income, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Substantially all of our hotel properties operate under either Marriott, Hilton or Hyatt brands; therefore, we are subject to the risks associated with concentrating our portfolio in just three brand families. 
 
 85 of the 97 hotel properties that we owned as of December 31, 2022 utilize brands owned by Marriott, Hilton or Hyatt. As a result, our success is dependent in part on the continued success of Marriott, Hilton or Hyatt and their respective brands. We believe that building brand value is critical to increasing demand and building customer loyalty. Consequently, if market recognition or the positive perception of Marriott and/or Hilton and/or Hyatt is reduced or compromised, the goodwill associated with the Marriott-, Hilton-, or Hyatt-branded hotels in our portfolio may be adversely affected. Furthermore, if our relationship with Marriott, Hilton or Hyatt were to deteriorate or terminate as a result of disputes regarding the management of our hotels or for other reasons, Marriott and/or Hilton and/or Hyatt could, under certain circumstances, terminate our current franchise licenses with them or decline to provide franchise licenses for hotels that we may acquire in the future. If any of the foregoing were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The failure to make and integrate acquisitions of additional hotels could materially and adversely impede our growth 
 
 We can provide no assurances that we will be successful in identifying attractive hotel properties or portfolios of hotel properties or that, once identified, we will be successful in consummating an acquisition or integrating the acquired property or portfolio into our business. We face significant competition for attractive investment opportunities from other investors, some of which have greater financial resources, a lower cost of capital and greater access to debt and equity capital than we do. As a result, we may be unable to acquire certain hotel properties or portfolios of hotel properties that we deem attractive or the purchase price may be significantly elevated or other terms may be substantially more onerous. In addition, we expect to finance future acquisitions through a combination of borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility or other secured or unsecured borrowings, the use of retained cash flows, and offerings of equity and debt securities, which may not be available on advantageous terms, or at all. Any delay or failure on our part to identify, negotiate, finance on favorable terms, consummate and integrate such acquisitions could materially and adversely impede our growth. Following an acquisition or expansion, we may incur acquisition-related costs and assume potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased costs or expenses. The integration of such acquisitions, especially acquisitions of portfolios of hotel properties, may cause disruptions 
 12 

Table of Contents 

to our business, strain management time and resources and materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Any difficulties in obtaining the capital necessary to make required periodic capital expenditures and to renovate our hotel properties could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our hotel properties have an ongoing need for renovations and other capital improvements, including the replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment ("FF E"), franchisor-required improvements, and renovation or redevelopment of acquisitions. Our lenders also generally require that we set aside annual amounts for capital improvements to our hotel properties. The costs of these capital improvements may increase due to ongoing supply-chain disruptions and increased construction costs, and could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, due to the current supply-chain constraints and disruptions, we could face difficulties sourcing the goods and services in a timely manner, which could adversely affect us. 
 
 We may not be able to fund the capital improvements to our hotel properties or acquisitions solely from the cash provided from our operating activities because we must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income to shareholders in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Consequently, we expect to rely upon the availability of debt or equity capital to fund capital improvements and acquisitions. Particularly in light of current market volatility and the high interest rate 
 environment, if we are unable to obtain the capital necessary to make the required periodic capital expenditures and to renovate our hotel properties on favorable terms, or at all, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Competition from other lodging industry participants in the markets in which we operate could adversely affect occupancy levels and/or ADRs, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 We face significant competition from owners and operators of other hotels and other lodging industry participants. In addition, we face competition from non-traditional accommodations for travelers, such as online services that market homes, apartments and condominiums as an alternative to hotel rooms. Our competitors may have an operating model that enables them to offer accommodations at lower rates than we can, which could result in our competitors increasing their occupancy at our expense and adversely affecting our ADRs. Given the importance of occupancy and ADR at focused-service and compact full-service hotels, this competition could adversely affect our ability to attract prospective guests, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.2 billion of debt outstanding, which could materially and adversely affect our operating performance and put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 
 Required repayments of debt and related interest may materially and adversely affect our operating performance. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.2 billion of outstanding debt. In addition, we may incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, in the future. After taking into consideration the effect of interest rate swaps, 98.7 of our payments are fixed or effectively fixed. Interest rates are expected to continue to increase as the Federal Reserve acts to address rising inflation; such increases would increase our interest expense on any future fixed and variable rate debt, as well as existing variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to pay distributions to shareholders. 
 
 Because we anticipate that our operating cash flow will be adequate to repay only a portion of our debt at maturity, we expect that we will be required to repay debt through debt refinancings and/or offerings of our securities. The amount of our outstanding debt may adversely affect our ability to refinance our debt. 
 
 If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our hotels on disadvantageous terms, which may result in losses to us and may adversely affect the cash available for distributions to our shareholders. In addition, if the prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, our interest expense would increase, which would adversely affect our future operating results and liquidity. 
 
 Our outstanding debt, and any additional debt borrowed in the future, may subject us to many risks, including the risk that: 
 our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest; 
 we may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows to pay principal and interest, which would reduce the cash available for distributions to our shareholders; 
 we may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 
 13 

Table of Contents 

we may be vulnerable to economic volatility, particularly if growth were to slow or stall and reduce our flexibility to respond to difficult market, industry, or economic conditions; 
 the terms of any refinancing may not be in the same amount or on terms as favorable as the terms of the debt being refinanced; and 
 the use of leverage could adversely affect our ability to borrow more money for operations and capital improvements, to finance future acquisitions of hotel properties, to make distributions to our shareholders, and to repurchase common shares, and it could adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Our existing indebtedness contains covenants and our failure to comply with all covenants in our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our existing indebtedness contains customary and financial covenants that may limit our ability to capitalize on business opportunities. These covenants place restrictions on, among other things, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur liens on certain assets, engage in certain mergers, liquidations or consolidations, sell certain assets, make restricted payments (including the payment of dividends and other distributions), engage in certain transactions with affiliates, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, make investments and capital expenditures, and acquire real estate assets. 
 
 In addition, our ability to borrow under our unsecured revolving credit facility is subject to compliance with our financial and other covenants, including covenants relating to debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Our failure to comply with covenants in our existing or future indebtedness, as well as our inability to make required principal and interest payments, could cause a default under the applicable debt agreement, which could result in the acceleration of the debt and require us to repay such debt with capital obtained from other sources, which may not be available to us or may be available only on unattractive terms. Furthermore, if we default on secured debt, lenders can take possession of the hotel(s) securing such debt. In addition, debt agreements may contain specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the lenders the right to declare a default on their debt and to enforce remedies, including accelerating the maturity of such debt upon the occurrence of a default under such other indebtedness. If we default on several of our debt agreements or any significant debt agreement, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 U.S. federal income tax provisions applicable to REITs may restrict our business decisions regarding the potential sale of a hotel property. 
 
 The provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), applicable to REITs require that we hold our hotel properties for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of hotel properties that otherwise would be in our best interests. Therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio promptly in response to economic or other conditions or on favorable terms, which may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, our ability to make distributions to shareholders and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 The U.S. federal income tax provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of property held as inventory or other property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a "prohibited transaction" that is subject to a 100 excise tax. We intend to hold our hotel properties for investment with a view of long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of acquiring and owning hotel properties, and to make occasional sales of hotel properties consistent with our investment objectives. There can be no assurance, however, that the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") might not contend that the income from one or more of these sales is subject to the 100 excise tax. Moreover, the potential to incur this penalty tax could deter us from selling one or more hotel properties even though it would be in the best interests of us and our shareholders for us to do so. There is a statutory safe harbor available for a limited number of sales in a single taxable year of properties that have been owned by a REIT for at least two years, but that safe harbor likely would not apply to all sale transactions that we might otherwise consider. 
 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on joint venture partners' financial condition and liquidity and disputes between us and our joint venture partners. 
 
 We own certain hotel properties through joint ventures. In the future, we may enter into additional joint ventures to acquire, develop, improve or partially dispose of hotel properties, thereby reducing the amount of capital required by us to make investments and diversifying our capital sources for growth. Such joint venture investments involve risks not otherwise present in a wholly-owned hotel property or a redevelopment project, including the following: 
 we may not have exclusive control over the hotel property or the joint venture, which may prevent us from taking actions that are in our best interest but opposed by our partners; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

joint venture agreements often restrict the transfer of a partner's interest or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire, or on advantageous terms; 
 joint venture agreements may contain provisions pursuant to which one partner may initiate procedures requiring the other partner to choose between buying the other partner's interest or selling its interest to that partner; 
 a partner may, at any time, have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 
 a partner may fail to fund its share of required capital contributions or may become bankrupt, which would mean that we and any other remaining partners generally would remain liable for the joint venture's liabilities; or 
 we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of a partner, and the activities of a partner could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, even though we do not control the joint venture. 
 Any of the above might subject a hotel property to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and adversely affect the value of our current and future joint venture investments. 
 
 Risks Related to the Lodging Industry 
 
 Our ability to make distributions to our shareholders may be adversely affected by various operating risks common to the lodging industry, including competition, over-building and dependence on business travel and tourism. 
 
 Our hotel properties have different economic characteristics than many other real estate assets. Unlike other real estate assets, hotels generate revenue from guests that typically stay at the hotel property for only a few nights, which causes the room rate and occupancy levels at each of our hotels to change every day, and results in earnings that can be highly volatile. 
 
 In addition, our hotel properties are subject to various operating risks common to the lodging industry, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others, the following: 
 seasonality of the lodging industry may cause quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; 
 over-building of hotels in the markets in which we operate, which results in an increased supply of hotels that will adversely affect occupancy and revenues at our hotel properties; 
 consolidation among companies in the lodging industry may increase the resulting companies' negotiating power relative to ours, and decrease competition among those companies for management and franchise agreements, which could result in higher management or franchise fees; 
 increases in the number of brands owned by Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt, which could result in increased competition for our hotels; 
 competition from non-traditional accommodations for travelers, such as online services that market homes, apartments and condominiums as an alternative to hotel rooms; 
 dependence on business and leisure travelers; 
 increases in energy costs and other expenses affecting travel, which may affect travel patterns and reduce the number of business and leisure travelers; 
 increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors that may not be offset by increased room rates; 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 
 adverse effects of international, national, regional and local economic and market conditions; 
 adverse effects of worsening conditions in the lodging industry; and 
 risks generally associated with the ownership of hotels and real estate, as we discuss in detail below. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect us. 

15 

Table of Contents 

The cyclical nature of the lodging industry may cause fluctuations in our operating performance, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 The lodging industry historically has been highly cyclical in nature. Fluctuations in lodging demand and, therefore, operating performance, are caused largely by general economic and local market conditions, which subsequently affect levels of business and leisure travel. In addition to general economic conditions, new hotel room supply is an important factor that can affect the lodging industry's performance, and over-building has the potential to further exacerbate the negative impact of an economic recession. Room rates and occupancy, and thus RevPAR, tend to increase when demand growth exceeds supply growth. We can provide no assurances regarding whether, or the extent to which, lodging demand will rebound or whether any such rebound will be sustained. An adverse change in lodging fundamentals could result in returns that are substantially below our expectations or result in losses, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 Technology is used in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm the business. 
 
 We, and our hotel managers and franchisors, rely on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes. These information technology networks and systems can be vulnerable to threats such as system, network or internet failures; computer hacking or business disruption; cyber-terrorism; viruses, worms or other malicious software programs; and employee error, negligence or fraud. Although we believe we and our hotel managers and franchisors have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our systems, there can be no assurance that such security measures will prevent failures, inadequacies or interruptions in system services, or that system security will not be breached. 
 
 Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of information technology networks and systems could interrupt our operations, our financial reporting and compliance, damage our reputation, and subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Future terrorist attacks or changes in terror alert levels could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Historically, terrorist attacks and subsequent terrorist alerts have adversely affected the U.S. travel and hospitality industries, often disproportionately to the effect on the overall economy. The extent of the impact that actual or threatened terrorist attacks in the U.S. or elsewhere could have on domestic and international travel and our business in particular cannot be determined, but any such attacks or the threat of such attacks could have a material and adverse effect on travel and hotel demand and our ability to insure our hotel properties, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We face possible risks associated with natural disasters, weather events, and the physical effects of climate change. 
 
 We are subject to the risks associated with natural disasters, weather events, and the physical effects of climate change, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations and business. Over time, our hotel properties located in coastal markets and other areas that may be impacted by climate change are expected to experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea-levels causing damage to our hotel properties. As a result, we could become subject to significant losses and/or repair costs that may or may not be fully covered by insurance. Other markets may experience prolonged variations in temperature or precipitation that may limit access to the water needed to operate our hotel properties or significantly increase energy costs, which may subject those properties to additional regulatory burdens, such as limitations on water usage or stricter energy efficiency standards. Weather events and climate change may also affect our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable in areas most vulnerable to such events, increasing operating costs at our hotel properties, such as the cost of water or energy, and requiring us to expend funds as we seek to repair and protect our hotel properties against such risks. There can be no assurance that natural disasters, weather events, or climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our hotel properties, operations or business. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 The share ownership limits imposed by the Code for REITs and our declaration of trust may restrict share transfers and/or business combination opportunities. 
 
 In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year following our first year of taxation as a REIT. Our declaration of trust, with certain exceptions, authorizes our board of trustees to take the necessary actions to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our board of trustees, no person or entity (other than a person or entity who has been granted an exception) may directly or indirectly, beneficially or constructively, own more than 9.8 of the aggregate of our outstanding common shares, by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, or 9.8 of the aggregate of the outstanding preferred shares of any class or series, by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive. 
 
 Our board of trustees may, in its sole discretion, grant an exemption to the share ownership limits, subject to certain conditions and the receipt by our board of trustees of certain representations and undertakings. During the time that such waiver is effective, the excepted holders will be subject to an increased ownership limit. As a condition to granting such limited exemptions, the excepted holders are required to make representations and warranties to us, which are intended to ensure that we will continue to meet the REIT ownership requirements. The excepted holders must inform us if any of these representations becomes untrue or is violated, in which case such excepted holder will lose its limited exemption from the share ownership limits. 
 
 It may be difficult or impractical to effect a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common shares with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common shares. 
 
 Certain advance notice provisions of our bylaws may inhibit a change in control. These advance notice provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium to the market price of our common stock or otherwise be in our shareholders' best interests. 
 
 Termination of the employment agreements with our executive officers could be costly and prevent a change in control. The employment agreements that we entered into with each of our executive officers provide that, if their employment with us terminates under certain circumstances (including upon a change in control), we are required to pay them severance compensation, including accelerating the vesting of their respective equity awards, thereby making it costly to terminate their employment without cause. Furthermore, these provisions could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium paid for our common shares or otherwise be in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 
 Our declaration of trust contains provisions that make the removal of our trustees difficult, which could make it difficult for our shareholders to effect changes to our management. Our declaration of trust provides that, subject to the rights of the holders of one or more classes or series of preferred shares to elect or remove one or more trustees, a trustee may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of trustees and that our board of trustees has the exclusive power to fill vacant trusteeships, even if the remaining trustees do not constitute a quorum. These provisions make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing trustees and it may delay or prevent a change in control that is in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 
 Our rights and the rights of our shareholders to take action against our trustees and officers are limited, which could limit our shareholders' recourse in the event of actions not in our shareholders' best interests. 
 
 Under Maryland law, generally, a trustee is required to perform his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interest and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Under Maryland law, trustees are presumed to have acted with this standard of care. In addition, our declaration of trust limits the liability of our trustees and officers to us and our shareholders for monetary damages, except for liability resulting from the: 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 active and deliberate dishonesty by the trustee or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Our declaration of trust and bylaws obligate us, to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding to any present or former trustee or officer who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service to us in that capacity. In addition, we may be obligated to advance the defense costs incurred by our trustees and officers. As a result, we and our shareholders may have more limited rights against our trustees and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our declaration of trust and bylaws or that might exist with other companies. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. 
 
 To monitor the accuracy and reliability of our financial reporting, we have established an internal audit function that oversees our internal controls. In addition, we have developed policies and procedures with respect to company-wide business processes and cycles in order to implement an effective system of internal control over financial reporting. We have established, or caused our third-party management companies to establish, controls and procedures designed to ensure that hotel revenues and expenses are properly recorded at our hotels. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and we may determine in the future that our existing internal controls need improvement. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control, we could be materially harmed or we could fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, the existence of a material weakness in our internal controls could result in errors to our financial statements that could require a restatement, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in increased costs to remediate any deficiencies, attract regulatory scrutiny or lawsuits and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, any of which could lead to a substantial decline in the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry 
 
 The illiquid nature of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to changing economic, financial, and investment conditions or changes in the operating performance of our hotel properties, which could materially and adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Real estate investments, including the focused-service and compact full-service hotels in our portfolio, are relatively illiquid. As a result, we may not be able to sell a hotel or hotels quickly or on favorable terms in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions or changes in the hotel's operating performance when it otherwise may be prudent to do so. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any hotel property we desire to sell for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a hotel can be sold, and we cannot provide any assurances that we will have the funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. Our inability to dispose of assets at opportune times or on favorable terms could materially and adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 In some cases, we may be restricted from disposing of properties contributed to us in the future in exchange for our OP units under tax protection agreements with contributors unless we incur additional costs related to indemnifying those contributors. 
 
 Uninsured and underinsured losses at our hotel properties could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We maintain comprehensive property insurance on all of our hotel properties and we intend to maintain comprehensive property insurance on any hotels that we acquire in the future, including fire, terrorism, and extended coverage. Our comprehensive property insurance program has a 250,000 deductible per claim. In addition to the comprehensive property insurance, we maintain general liability insurance at all of our hotel properties. Our general liability insurance program has no deductible. Certain types of catastrophic losses, such as windstorms, earthquakes, floods, and losses from foreign and domestic terrorist activities may not be insurable or may not be economically insurable. Even when insurable, these policies may have high deductibles and/or high premiums. 26 of our coastal hotel properties each have a deductible of 5 of total insured value for a named storm, and our hotels located in areas susceptible to earthquakes have deductibles of up to 5 of total insured value. Our lenders may require such insurance and our failure to obtain such insurance could constitute a default under the loan agreements, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 In the event of a substantial loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the full current market value or replacement cost of our lost investment, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, or should we be unsuccessful in obtaining coverage from an insurance carrier, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a hotel property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the hotel 
 18 

Table of Contents 

property. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the hotel property. 
 
 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and litigation with respect to environmental matters, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our hotel properties are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that impose liability for contamination. Under these laws, governmental entities have the authority to require us, as the current owner of a hotel property, to perform or pay for the cleanup of contamination at, on, under or emanating from the hotel and to pay for natural resource damages arising from such contamination. Because these laws also impose liability on persons who owned or operated a property at the time it became contaminated, it is possible we could incur cleanup costs or other environmental liabilities even after we sell or no longer operate the hotel properties. 
 
 The liabilities and the costs associated with environmental contamination at our hotel properties, defending against the claims related to alleged or actual environmental issues, or complying with environmental, health and safety laws could be material and could materially and adversely affect us. The discovery of material environmental liabilities at our hotel properties could subject us to unanticipated costs, which could significantly reduce or eliminate our profitability and the cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 
 We may from time to time be subject to litigation that could expose us to uncertain or uninsured costs. 
 
 As owners of hotel properties, we may from time to time face potential claims, litigation and threatened litigation from guests, visitors to our hotel properties, contractors, sub-contractors and others. These claims and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their costs and outcomes cannot be predicted with certainty. Some of these claims may result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, and some of which are not, or cannot be, covered by insurance. Payment of any such costs, settlements, fines or judgments that are not insured could have a material and adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. In addition, certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows, expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured, and/or adversely impact our ability to attract officers and trustees. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 If we do not qualify as a REIT, or if we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax and potentially state and local taxes, which would reduce our earnings and the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and any available relief provisions do not apply, we would be subject to U.S. federal and state corporate income tax, and dividends paid to our shareholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Unless we were entitled to statutory relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Any determination that we do not qualify as a REIT would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could materially reduce the value of our common shares. Our additional tax liability could be substantial and would reduce our net earnings available for investment, debt service and/or distributions to shareholders. 
 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan or require us to make distributions of our shares or other securities. 
 
 We generally must distribute to our shareholders annually at least 90 of our "REIT taxable income," subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain. From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our cash flow. In addition we may be subject to limitations on the ability to use our net operating loss carryovers to offset taxable income that we do not distribute. If we do not have other funds available in these situations we could be required to (i) borrow funds on unfavorable terms, (ii) sell investments at disadvantageous prices, (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, or (iv) make a taxable distribution of our common shares as part of a distribution in which shareholders may elect to receive our common shares or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our REIT taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our shareholders' equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT distribution requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our shares. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

If our leases are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would likely fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests, pursuant to which specified percentages of our gross income must be passive income, such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to the hotel leases with our TRSs, which we currently expect will continue to constitute substantially all of our gross income, to qualify for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes and must not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. We believe that the leases will be respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will agree with this characterization. If the leases were not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would not be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs and would likely lose our REIT status. Additionally, we could be subject to a 100 excise tax for any adjustment to our leases. 
 
 To comply with the restrictions imposed on REITs, we may have to conduct certain activities and own certain assets through TRSs, which will be subject to normal corporate income tax, and we could be subject to a 100 penalty tax on certain income if those transactions are not conducted on arm's-length terms. 
 
 A TRS is an entity (i) in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock, (ii) which has elected, with the REIT, to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary of such REIT, and (iii) which is taxable as a regular corporation, at regular corporate income tax rates. As a REIT, we cannot own certain assets or conduct certain activities directly, without risking failing the income or asset tests that apply to REITs. We can, however, hold these assets or undertake these activities through a TRS. 
 
 As noted, the income earned through our TRSs will be subject to corporate income taxes. In addition, a 100 excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between us and our TRSs that are not conducted on an arm s length basis. 
 
 If our TRSs fail to qualify as "taxable REIT subsidiaries" under the Code, we would likely fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Rent paid by a lessee that is a "related party tenant" will not be qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests applicable to REITs. We currently lease and expect to continue to lease substantially all of our hotels to our TRSs, which will not be treated as "related party tenants" so long as they qualify as "taxable REIT subsidiaries" under the Code. To qualify as such, most significantly, a TRS cannot engage in the operation or management of hotels. We believe that our TRSs qualify to be treated as "taxable REIT subsidiaries" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will not challenge the status of a TRS for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in disqualifying any of our TRSs from treatment as a "taxable REIT subsidiary," it is likely that we would fail to meet the asset tests applicable to REITs and substantially all of our income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If we failed to meet either the asset tests or the gross income tests, we would likely lose our REIT status. 
 
 If any management companies that we engage do not qualify as "eligible independent contractors," or if our hotel properties are not "qualified lodging facilities," we would likely fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Rent paid by a lessee that is a "related party tenant" of ours generally will not be qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests applicable to REITs. An exception is provided, however, for leases of "qualified lodging facilities" to a TRS so long as the hotels are managed by an "eligible independent contractor" and certain other requirements are satisfied. We currently lease and expect to continue to lease all or substantially all of our hotels to TRS lessees and we currently engage and expect to continue to engage management companies that are intended to qualify as "eligible independent contractors." In addition, for a management company to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, (i) the management company must not own, directly or through its shareholders, more than 35 of our outstanding shares, and no person or group of persons can own more than 35 of our outstanding shares and the shares (or ownership interest) of the management company and (ii) such company or a related person must be actively engaged in the trade or business of operating "qualified lodging facilities" (as defined below) for one or more persons not related to the REIT or its TRSs at each time that such company enters into a management contract with a TRS or its TRS lessee. Finally, each hotel with respect to which our TRS lessees pay rent must be a "qualified lodging facility." A "qualified lodging facility" is a hotel, motel, or other establishment in which more than one-half of the dwelling units are used on a transient basis, including customary amenities and facilities, provided that no wagering activities are conducted at or in connection with such facility by any person who is engaged in the business of accepting wagers and who is legally authorized to engage in such business at or in connection with such facility. As of the date hereof, we believe the management companies operate qualified lodging facilities for certain persons who are not related to us or our TRS. As of the date hereof, we believe that all of the hotels leased to our TRS lessees will be qualified lodging facilities. Although we intend to monitor future acquisitions and improvements of hotels, the REIT provisions of the Code provide only limited 
 20 

Table of Contents 

guidance for making determinations under the requirements for qualified lodging facilities, and there can be no assurance that these requirements will be satisfied in all cases. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to forgo and/or liquidate otherwise attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that we meet the gross income tests annually and that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs, and no more than 25 of the value of our total assets may be represented by debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs that are "nonqualified" (i.e., not secured by real property or interests in real property). If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate from our portfolio, or contribute to a TRS, otherwise attractive investments in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our shareholders. In addition, we may be required to make distributions to shareholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, and may be unable to pursue investments that would otherwise be advantageous to us. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make, and, in certain cases, maintain ownership of, certain attractive investments. 
 
 We would incur adverse tax consequences if FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated ("FelCor") failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes prior to our merger with FelCor. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the merger with FelCor on the acquisition date, FelCor received an opinion of counsel to the effect that it qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Code through the acquisition date. FelCor, however, did not request a ruling from the IRS that it qualified as a REIT. If, notwithstanding this opinion, FelCor s REIT status prior to the acquisition date were successfully challenged, we would face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce our core funds from operations, and cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay dividends to our shareholders, because: 
 FelCor, would be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax on its net income at regular corporate rates for the years that it did not qualify as a REIT (and, for such years, would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders in computing its taxable income) and we would succeed to the liability for such taxes; 
 the deemed sale of assets by FelCor on the acquisition date would be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates (and FelCor would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid for the deemed liquidating distribution paid to its shareholders) and we would succeed to the liability for such taxes; and 
 we would succeed to any earnings and profits accumulated by FelCor, as applicable, for the tax periods that FelCor did not qualify as a REIT and we would have to pay a special dividend and/or employ applicable deficiency dividend procedures (including interest payments to the IRS) to eliminate such earnings and profits to maintain our REIT qualification. 
 As a result of these factors, FelCor s failure to qualify as a REIT prior to the acquisition date could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could materially adversely affect the value of our stock. In addition, even if FelCor qualified as a REIT for the duration of its existence, if there is an adjustment to FelCor s taxable income or dividends-paid deductions, we could be required to elect to use the deficiency dividend procedure to maintain FelCor s REIT status. That deficiency dividend procedure could require us to make significant distributions to our shareholders and pay significant interest to the IRS. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Common Shares 
 
 Our cash available for distribution to shareholders may not be sufficient to pay distributions at expected or required levels, and we may need to borrow funds or rely on other external sources in order to make such distributions, or we may not be able to make such distributions at all, which could cause the market price of our common shares to decline significantly. 
 
 We intend to continue to pay regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common shares. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of trustees and will depend on our historical and projected results of operations, EBITDA, funds from operations ("FFO"), liquidity and financial condition, REIT qualification, debt service requirements, capital expenditures and operating expenses, prohibitions and other restrictions under financing arrangements and applicable law and other factors as our board of trustees may deem relevant from time to time. No assurance can be given that our projections will prove to be accurate or that any level of distributions or particular yield will be made or sustained. We may not be able to make distributions in the future or we may need to fund such distributions through borrowings or other external financing sources, which may be available only at unattractive terms, if at all. Any of the foregoing could cause the market price of our common shares to decline significantly. 
 
 Future issuances of debt securities, which would rank senior to our common shares upon our liquidation, and future issuances of equity securities (including OP units), which would dilute the holdings of our existing common shareholders and may be senior to our common shares for the purposes of making distributions, periodically or upon liquidation, may negatively affect the market price of our common shares. 
 
 In the future, we may issue debt or equity securities or incur additional borrowings. Upon our liquidation, holders of our debt securities and other loans and preferred shares will receive a distribution of our available assets before common shareholders. If we incur debt in the future, our future interest costs could increase, and adversely affect our liquidity, FFO and results of operations. We are not required to offer any additional equity securities to existing common shareholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, additional common share issuances, directly or through convertible or exchangeable securities (including OP units), warrants or options, will dilute the holdings of our existing common shareholders, and such issuances or the perception of such issuances may reduce the market price of our common shares. Our preferred shares, if issued, would likely have a preference on distribution payments, periodically or upon liquidation, which could eliminate or otherwise limit our ability to make distributions to common shareholders. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities or incur additional borrowings in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of any future capital raising efforts. Thus, the common shareholders bear the risk that our future issuances of debt or equity securities or our incurrence of additional borrowings will negatively affect the market price of our common shares. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase our common shares pursuant to our share repurchase program or that our 
 share repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility 
 of the price of our common shares and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 
 Our board of trustees authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to an aggregate of 250.0 million of common and preferred shares. Although our board of trustees authorized our share repurchase program, our share repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Our share repurchase program may be limited, suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. In addition, repurchases of our common shares pursuant to our share repurchase program could affect our share price and increase its volatility. The existence of our share repurchase program could cause our share price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program. Additionally, our share repurchase program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and to pursue possible future strategic opportunities and acquisitions. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance shareholder value because the market price of our common shares may decline below the levels at which we repurchased the common shares. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our Hotel Properties 
 
 The following table provides a comprehensive list of our hotel properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 State Hotel Property Name Rooms State Hotel Property Name Rooms Alabama Indiana Embassy Suites Birmingham 242 Courtyard Indianapolis @ The Capitol 124 Arizona Residence Inn Indianapolis Downtown On The Canal 134 Embassy Suites Phoenix - Biltmore 232 Residence Inn Merrillville 78 California Kentucky Courtyard San Francisco 166 Marriott Louisville Downtown 620 Embassy Suites Irvine Orange County 293 Residence Inn Louisville Downtown 140 Embassy Suites Los Angeles Downey 220 Louisiana Embassy Suites Los Angeles - International Airport South 349 Chateau LeMoyne - French Quarter, New Orleans (1) 171 Embassy Suites Milpitas Silicon Valley 267 Hilton Garden Inn New Orleans Convention Center 286 Embassy Suites San Francisco Airport - South San Francisco 316 Hotel Indigo New Orleans Garden District 132 Embassy Suites San Francisco Airport - Waterfront 340 Wyndham New Orleans - French Quarter 374 Hilton Garden Inn Los Angeles Hollywood 160 Maryland Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge 303 Residence Inn Bethesda Downtown 188 Hyatt House Cypress Anaheim 142 Residence Inn National Harbor Washington DC 162 Hyatt House Emeryville San Francisco Bay Area 234 Massachusetts Hyatt House San Diego Sorrento Mesa 193 AC Hotel Boston Downtown 205 Hyatt House San Jose Silicon Valley 180 Embassy Suites Boston Waltham 275 Hyatt House San Ramon 142 Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill 304 Hyatt House Santa Clara 150 Minnesota Hyatt Place Fremont Silicon Valley 151 Embassy Suites Minneapolis - Airport 310 The Pierside Santa Monica 132 New York Residence Inn Palo Alto Los Altos 156 Courtyard New York Manhattan Upper East Side 226 San Francisco Marriott Union Square 401 Hampton Inn Garden City 143 Wyndham San Diego Bayside 600 The Knickerbocker New York (2) 330 Zachari Dunes on Mandalay Beach, Curio Collection by Hilton 250 North Carolina Colorado Hyatt House Charlotte Center City 163 Fairfield Inn Suites Denver Cherry Creek 134 Oregon Marriott Denver South @ Park Meadows 279 Courtyard Portland City Center 256 Moxy Denver Cherry Creek 170 SpringHill Suites Portland Hillsboro 106 Renaissance Boulder Flatiron Hotel 232 Pennsylvania District of Columbia Hilton Garden Inn Pittsburgh University Place 202 Fairfield Inn Suites Washington DC Downtown 198 Renaissance Pittsburgh Hotel 300 Homewood Suites Washington DC Downtown 175 Wyndham Philadelphia Historic District 364 Hyatt Place Washington DC Downtown K Street 164 Wyndham Pittsburgh University Center 251 Florida South Carolina DoubleTree Grand Key Resort 216 Courtyard Charleston Historic District 176 DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Orlando - Lake Buena Vista 229 Mills House Charleston, Curio Collection by Hilton 218 Embassy Suites Deerfield Beach - Resort Spa 244 Embassy Suites Fort Lauderdale 17th Street 361 Tennessee Embassy Suites Fort Myers Estero 150 21c Hotel Nashville 124 Embassy Suites Miami - International Airport 318 Texas Embassy Suites Orlando - International Drive South/Convention Center 244 Courtyard Austin Downtown Convention Center 270 Embassy Suites Tampa Downtown Convention Center 360 Courtyard Houston By The Galleria 190 Embassy Suites West Palm Beach Central 194 Courtyard Houston Downtown Convention Center 191 
 23 

Table of Contents 

State Hotel Property Name Rooms State Hotel Property Name Rooms Fairfield Inn Suites Key West 106 DoubleTree by Hilton Houston Medical Center Hotel Suites 287 Hilton Cabana Miami Beach 231 DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Austin 188 Renaissance Fort Lauderdale West Hotel 250 Embassy Suites Dallas - Love Field 248 Georgia Hyatt Centric The Woodlands 72 Courtyard Atlanta Buckhead 181 Residence Inn Austin Downtown Convention Center 179 Embassy Suites Atlanta - Buckhead 326 Residence Inn Houston By The Galleria 146 Hampton Inn and Suites Atlanta Midtown 186 Residence Inn Houston Downtown Convention Center 171 Hyatt Centric Midtown Atlanta 194 SpringHill Suites Houston Downtown Convention Center 167 Residence Inn Atlanta Midtown Historic 90 Washington Hawaii Homewood Suites Seattle Lynnwood 170 Courtyard Waikiki Beach 404 Wisconsin Illinois Hyatt Place Madison Downtown 151 Courtyard Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile 306 Courtyard Midway Airport 174 Fairfield Inn Suites Chicago Midway Airport 114 Hampton Inn Chicago Midway Airport 170 Hilton Garden Inn Chicago Midway Airport 174 Holiday Inn Express Suites Midway Airport 104 Marriott Chicago Midway 200 Sleep Inn Midway Airport 121 
 
 (1) We own an indirect 50 ownership interest in this hotel property and we account for the ownership interest using the equity method of accounting. This hotel property is operated without a lease. 
 (2) We own a 95.0 controlling ownership interest in this hotel property. 
 
 Management Agreements 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we cannot directly or indirectly operate any of our hotel properties. We lease all but one of our hotel properties to TRS lessees, which in turn engage hotel property management companies to manage our hotel properties. All of our hotel properties are operated pursuant to a management agreement with one of 18 independent management companies. 36 of our hotel properties receive the benefits of a franchise agreement pursuant to a management agreement with Hilton, Hyatt, Marriott, or other management companies. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Aimbridge was the management company for 31 of our hotel properties. Our remaining 66 hotel properties were managed by 17 other management companies, including Hilton, Hyatt and Marriott. 
 
 The management agreements have initial terms that range from one to 25 years, and some provide for one or two automatic extension periods ranging from one to 10 years each. 
 
 Each management company receives a base management fee between 1.75 and 3.5 of hotel revenues. The management agreements that include the benefits of a franchise agreement incur a base management fee between 2.0 and 7.0 of hotel revenues. 
 
 The management companies are also eligible to receive an incentive management fee upon the achievement of certain financial thresholds as set forth in each applicable management agreement. The incentive management fee is generally calculated as a percentage of hotel net operating income after we have received a priority return on our investment in the hotel. 
 
 Each of the management agreements provides us with a right to terminate such management agreement if the management company fails to reach certain performance targets (as provided in the applicable management agreement). Certain management agreements also provide us with a right to terminate the management agreement in our sole and absolute discretion. In addition, certain management agreements give us the right to terminate the management agreement upon the sale of the hotel property or for any reason upon payment of a stipulated termination fee. Subject to certain qualifications and applicable cure periods, the management agreements are generally terminable by either party upon material casualty, or condemnation of the hotel property, or the occurrence of certain customary events of default. Certain management agreements also stipulate that in the event that a management company elects to terminate a management agreement due to an event of 
 24 

Table of Contents 

default by us, the management company may elect to recover a termination fee, as liquidated damages, equal to 2.5 times the actual base management fee and incentive management fee earned by the management company under that management agreement in the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which such termination occurred. 
 
 Many of our Aimbridge, White Lodging Services ("WLS"), and Hersha Hospitality Management ("HHM") management agreements state that we cannot sell the applicable hotel property to any unrelated third party or engage in certain change of control actions (1) if we are in default under the management agreement, or (2) with or to a person or entity that is known in the community as being of bad moral character or has been convicted of a felony or is in control of or controlled by persons convicted of a felony or would be in violation of any franchise agreement requirements applicable to us. In addition, those Aimbridge, WLS, and HHM management agreements further require that any future owner of the applicable hotel property, at the option of the management company, assume the management agreement or enter into a new management agreement for such hotel property. 
 
 Franchise Agreements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 59 of our hotels operated under franchise agreements with Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt or other hotel brands. This excludes 36 hotel properties that receive the benefits of a franchise agreement pursuant to management agreements with Hilton, Hyatt, Marriott, or other management companies. In addition, two of our hotels are not operated with a hotel brand so they do not have franchise agreements. 
 
 The franchisors provide a variety of benefits to the franchisees, including centralized reservation systems, national advertising, marketing programs and publicity designed to increase brand awareness, personnel training and operational quality at the hotels across the brand system. The franchise agreements generally specify management, operational, record-keeping, accounting, reporting and marketing standards and procedures, all of which our TRS lessees, as the franchisees, must follow. The franchise agreements require our TRS lessees to comply with the franchisors' standards and requirements, including the training of operational personnel, safety, maintaining specified insurance, the types of services and products ancillary to guest room services that may be provided by the TRS lessee, the display of signage and the type, quality and age of furniture, fixtures and equipment included in the guest rooms and the nature of the lobbies and other common areas. The franchise agreements have initial terms ranging from one to 30 years. Each of our franchise agreements require that we pay a royalty fee between 2.0 and 6.0 of room revenue, plus additional fees for marketing, central reservation systems and other franchisor costs between 1.0 and 4.3 of room revenue. Certain hotels are also charged a royalty fee between 1.5 and 3.0 of food and beverage revenues. 
 
 The franchise agreements also provide for termination at the applicable franchisor's option upon the occurrence of certain events, including the failure to pay royalties and fees, the failure to perform our obligations under the franchise license, bankruptcy and the abandonment of the franchise, or a change in control. The TRS lessee is responsible for making all payments under the applicable franchise agreement to the franchisor; however, we are required to guarantee the obligations under each of the franchise agreements. In addition, many of our existing franchise agreements provide the franchisor with a right of first offer in the event of certain sales or transfers of a hotel and provide the franchisor the right to approve a change in the management company who manages the hotel. 
 
 TRS Leases 
 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT, neither our company nor any of our subsidiaries may directly or indirectly operate any of our hotels. The subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership, as the lessors, lease our hotels to our TRS lessees, which, in turn, are the parties to the existing management agreements with the third-party management companies at each of our hotels. The TRS leases contain the provisions that are described below. For the hotels that are acquired in the future, we intend for the leases to contain substantially similar provisions as to those described below; however, we may, in our discretion, alter any of these provisions with respect to any particular lease. 
 
 Lease Terms 
 
 Our TRS leases have initial terms of generally three years and a majority of the leases can be renewed by our TRS lessees for three successive three-year renewal terms unless the lessee is in default at the expiration of the then-current term. In addition, our TRS leases are subject to early termination by us in the event that we sell the hotel to an unaffiliated party, a change in control occurs or the applicable provisions of the Code are amended to permit us to operate our hotels. Our TRS leases are also subject to early termination upon the occurrence of certain events of default and/or other contingencies described in the lease. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Amounts Payable under the Leases 
 
 During the term of each TRS lease, our TRS lessees are obligated to pay us a fixed annual base rent plus a percentage rent and certain other additional charges that our TRS lessees agree to pay under the terms of the respective TRS lease. The percentage rent is calculated based on the revenues generated from the rental of guest rooms, food and beverage sales, and certain other sources, including meeting room rentals. 
 
 The TRS leases require our TRS lessees to pay rent, all costs and expenses, management fees, franchise fees, personal property taxes where applicable, certain insurance policies and all utility and other charges incurred in the operation of the hotels. The leases also provide for rent reductions and abatements in the event of damage to, destruction, or a partial taking of, any hotel. Any intercompany transactions involving rent payments, reductions, or abatements eliminate in consolidation. 
 
 Maintenance and Modifications 
 
 Under each TRS lease, the TRS lessee may, at its expense, make additions, modifications or improvements to the hotel that it deems desirable, and that we approve. In addition, our TRS lessees are required, at their expense, to maintain the hotels in good order and repair, except for ordinary wear and tear, and to make repairs that may be necessary and appropriate to keep the hotel in good order and repair. Under the TRS lease, we are responsible for maintaining, at our cost, any underground utilities or structural elements, including the exterior walls and the roof of the hotel (excluding, among other things, windows and mechanical, electrical and plumbing systems). Each TRS lessee, when and as required to meet the standards of the applicable management agreement, any applicable hotel franchise agreement, or to satisfy the requirements of any lender, must establish an FF E reserve in an amount equal to up to 5 of gross revenue for the purpose of periodically repairing, replacing or refurbishing the furnishings and equipment. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 The events of default under each of the leases include, among others: the failure by a TRS lessee to pay rent when due; the breach by a TRS lessee of a covenant, condition or term under the lease, subject to the applicable cure period; the bankruptcy or insolvency of a TRS lessee; cessation of operations by a TRS lessee of the leased hotel for more than 30 days, except as a result of damage, destruction, or a partial or complete condemnation; or the default by a TRS lessee under a franchise agreement subject to any applicable cure period. 
 
 Termination of Leases on Disposition of the Hotels or Change of Control 
 
 In the event that we sell a hotel to a non-affiliate or a change of control occurs, we generally have the right to terminate the lease by paying the applicable TRS lessee a termination fee to be governed by the terms and conditions of the lease. 
 
 Ground Leases 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 13 of our consolidated hotel properties and our unconsolidated hotel property were subject to ground lease agreements that cover the land under the respective hotel properties. Additional information on the ground leases can be found in Note 10 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The nature of the operations of our hotels exposes our hotel properties, us and the Operating Partnership to the risk of claims and litigation in the normal course of business. Other than routine litigation arising out of the ordinary course of business, we are not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "RLJ." During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid a cash dividend of 0.01 per common share in each of the first and second quarters of 2022 and a cash dividend of 0.05 per common share in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2022. For each quarterly period during the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid a cash dividend of 0.01 per common share. 
 
 On December 31, 2022 and February 21, 2023, the closing price of our common shares as reported on the NYSE was 10.59 and 11.29, respectively. 
 
 Share Return Performance 
 
 The graph and the table set forth below assume 100.00 was invested on December 31, 2017 in RLJ Lodging Trust's common shares. The graph and the table compare the total shareholder return of our common shares against the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor's 500 Index ("S P 500 Index") and the Dow Jones U.S. Select Real Estate Hotels Index ("Dow Jones US REIT Hotels Index") between December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2022. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100.00 in our common shares and in each of the indices, and it also assumes the reinvestment of dividends. 
 Name Initial Investment at December 31, 2017 Value of Initial Investment at December 31, 2018 Value of Initial Investment at December 31, 2019 Value of Initial Investment at December 31, 2020 Value of Initial Investment at December 31, 2021 Value of Initial Investment at December 31, 2022 RLJ Lodging Trust 100.00 79.79 92.88 74.48 73.51 56.53 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 Dow Jones US REIT Hotels Index 100.00 87.51 101.46 75.17 86.49 73.20 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any filing by us under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 27 

Shareholder Information 
 
 At February 21, 2023, we had 181 holders of record of our common shares. However, because many of our common shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, we believe there are substantially more beneficial holders of our common shares than holders of record. At February 21, 2023, there were 12 holders (other than our company) of our OP units. Our OP units are redeemable for cash or, at our election, for our common shares. 
 
 In order to comply with certain requirements related to our qualification as a REIT, our declaration of trust provides that, subject to certain exceptions, no person or entity (other than a person or entity who has been granted an exception) may directly or indirectly, beneficially or constructively, own more than 9.8 of the aggregate of our outstanding common shares, by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, or 9.8 of the aggregate of the outstanding preferred shares of any class or series, by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive. 
 
 Distribution Information 
 
 We intend, over time, to make quarterly distributions to our common shareholders. In order to qualify and maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT, we intend to make annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. 
 
 The credit agreements governing our 600.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolver") and our unsecured term loans (the "Term Loans") limit our ability to pay dividends under certain circumstances. If an event of default exists, we may only pay cash dividends in an aggregate amount with respect to any fiscal year not to exceed the greater of (a) the minimum amount required for us to maintain our status as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, or (b) the amount necessary to avoid income or excise tax under the Code. However, if the event of default is a payment default or bankruptcy related, we may not make any cash dividend payments. So long as no event of default exists, the credit agreements do not restrict our ability to pay cash dividends. 
 
 The terms of our outstanding preferred stock prohibit us from paying dividends on our common shares unless all accrued preferred dividends then payable have been paid. 
 
 Any future distributions will be at the sole discretion of our board of trustees, and their form, timing and amount, if any, will depend upon a number of factors, including our actual and projected financial condition, liquidity, EBITDA, FFO and results of operations, the revenue we actually receive from our properties, our operating expenses, our debt service requirements, our capital expenditures, prohibitions and other limitations under our financing arrangements, as described above, our REIT taxable income, the annual REIT distribution requirements, applicable law and such other factors as our board of trustees deems relevant. To the extent that our cash available for distribution is less than 90 of our REIT taxable income, we may consider various means to cover any such shortfall, including borrowing under the Revolver or other loans, selling certain of our assets, or using a portion of the net proceeds we receive from offerings of equity, equity-related or debt securities or declaring taxable share dividends. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company did not sell any securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table summarizes all of the share repurchases during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 672,689 10.62 672,689 15,847,102 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 44,046 11.35 44,046 15,871,225 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 18,164,235 Total 716,735 716,735 
 28 

(1) Includes surrendered common shares owned by certain employees to satisfy their statutory minimum federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of restricted common shares of beneficial interest issued under the RLJ Lodging Trust 2021 Equity Incentive Plan ("2021 Plan"). 
 (2) The maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under a share repurchase program is calculated by 
 dividing the total dollar amount available to repurchase shares by the closing price of our common shares on the last 
 business day of the respective month. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements, the related notes included thereto, and Item 1A., "Risk Factors", all of which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 
 
 We are a self-advised and self-administered Maryland REIT that owns primarily premium-branded, rooms-oriented, high-margin, focused-service and compact full-service hotels located within heart of demand locations. Our hotels are concentrated in markets that we believe exhibit multiple demand generators and attractive long-term growth prospects. We believe premium-branded, focused-service and compact full-service hotels with these characteristics generate high levels of RevPAR, strong operating margins and attractive returns. Focused-service and compact full-service hotels typically generate most of their revenue from room rentals, have limited food and beverage outlets and meeting space and require fewer employees than traditional full-service hotels. We believe these types of hotels have the potential to generate attractive returns relative to other types of hotels due to their ability to achieve RevPAR levels at or close to those achieved by traditional full-service hotels, while achieving higher profit margins due to their more efficient operating model and less volatile cash flows. 

Our Customers 
 
 The majority of our hotels consist of premium-branded, focused-service and compact full-service hotels. As a result of this property profile, the majority of our customers are transient in nature. Transient business typically represents individual business or leisure travelers. The majority of our hotels are located in business districts within major metropolitan areas. Accordingly, business travelers represent the majority of the transient demand at our hotels. As a result, factors impacting business travel have a greater effect on our business than factors impacting leisure travel. 
 
 Group business is typically defined as a minimum of 10 guestrooms booked together as part of the same piece of business. Group business may or may not use the meeting space at any given hotel. Given the limited meeting space at the majority of our hotels, group business that utilizes meeting space represents a small component of our customer base. 
 
 A number of our hotel properties are affiliated with brands marketed toward extended-stay customers. Extended-stay customers are generally defined as those staying five nights or longer. 

Key Indicators of Operating Performance 
 
 We use a variety of operating, financial and other information to evaluate the operating performance of our business. These key indicators include financial information that is prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") as well as other financial measures that are non-GAAP measures. In addition, we use other information that may not be financial in nature, including industry standard statistical information and comparative data. We use this information to measure the operating performance of our individual hotels, groups of hotels and/or business as a whole. We also use these metrics to evaluate the hotels in our portfolio and potential acquisition opportunities to determine each hotel's contribution to cash flow and its potential to provide attractive long-term total returns. The key indicators include: 
 Average Daily Rate ADR represents the total hotel room revenues divided by the total number of rooms sold in a given period. ADR measures the average room price attained by a hotel and ADR trends provide useful information concerning the pricing environment and the nature of the customer base at a hotel or group of hotels. We use ADR to assess the pricing levels that we are able to generate, as changes in rates have a greater impact on operating margins and profitability than changes in occupancy. 
 29 

Occupancy Occupancy represents the total number of hotel rooms sold in a given period divided by the total number of rooms available. Occupancy measures the utilization of our hotels' available capacity. We use occupancy to measure demand at a specific hotel or group of hotels in a given period. Additionally, occupancy levels help us determine the achievable ADR levels. 
 Revenue Per Available Room RevPAR is the product of ADR and occupancy. RevPAR does not include non-room revenues, such as food and beverage revenue or other revenue. We use RevPAR to identify trend information with respect to room revenues from comparable hotel properties and to evaluate hotel performance on a regional basis. 
 
 RevPAR changes that are primarily driven by changes in occupancy have different implications for overall revenues and profitability than the changes that are driven primarily by changes in ADR. For example, an increase in occupancy at a hotel would lead to additional variable operating costs (including housekeeping services, utilities and room supplies) and could also result in an increase in other revenue and other operating expense. Changes in ADR typically have a greater impact on operating margins and profitability as they only have a limited effect on variable operating costs. 
 
 ADR, Occupancy and RevPAR are commonly used measures within the lodging industry to evaluate operating performance. RevPAR is an important statistic for monitoring operating performance at the individual hotel property level and across our entire business. We evaluate individual hotel RevPAR performance on an absolute basis with comparisons to budget and prior periods, as well as on a regional and company-wide basis. ADR and RevPAR include only room revenue. Room revenue comprised approximately 84.0 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and it is dictated by demand (as measured by occupancy), pricing (as measured by ADR) and our available supply of hotel rooms. 
 
 We also use non-GAAP measures such as FFO, Adjusted FFO, EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the operating performance of our business. For a more in depth discussion of the non-GAAP measures, please refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section. 

Principal Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 
 The principal factors affecting our operating results include the overall demand for lodging compared to the supply of available hotel rooms and other lodging options, and the ability of our third-party management companies to increase or maintain revenues while controlling expenses. 
 Demand The demand for lodging, especially business travel, generally fluctuates with the overall economy. Historically, periods of declining demand are followed by extended periods of relatively strong demand, which typically occurs during the growth phase of the lodging cycle. 
 Supply The development of new hotels is driven largely by construction costs, the availability of financing, the expected performance of existing hotels and other lodging options. 
 We expect that our ADR, Occupancy and RevPAR performance will be impacted by macroeconomic factors such as regional and local employment growth, government spending, personal income and corporate earnings, office vacancy rates, business relocation decisions, airport activity, business and leisure travel demand, new hotel construction and the pricing strategies of our competitors. In addition, our ADR, Occupancy and RevPAR performance are dependent on the continued success of the Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt hotel brands. 
 Revenues Substantially all of our revenues are derived from the operation of hotels. Specifically, our revenues are comprised of: 
 Room revenue Occupancy and ADR are the major drivers of room revenue. Room revenue accounts for the majority of our total revenues. 
 Food and beverage revenue Occupancy, the nature of the hotel property and the type of customer staying at the hotel are the major drivers of food and beverage revenue (i.e., group business typically generates more food and beverage revenue through catering functions as compared to transient business, which may or may not utilize the hotel's food and beverage outlets). 
 Other revenue Occupancy and the nature of the hotel property are the main drivers of other ancillary revenue, such as parking fees, resort fees, gift shop sales and other guest service fees. Some hotels, due to the limited focus of the services offered and size or space limitations at the hotel, may not have the type of facilities that generate other revenue. 
 30 

Property Operating Expenses The components of our property operating expenses are as follows: 
 Room expense These expenses include housekeeping and front office wages and payroll taxes, reservation systems, room supplies, laundry services and other room-related costs. Like room revenue, occupancy is the major driver of room expense. These costs can increase based on an increase in salaries and wages, as well as the level of service and amenities that are provided at the hotel property. 
 Food and beverage expense These expenses primarily include food, beverage and labor costs. Occupancy and the type of customer staying at the hotel (i.e., catered functions are generally more profitable than restaurant, bar, and other food and beverage outlets that are located on the hotel property) are the major drivers of food and beverage expense, which correlates closely with food and beverage revenue. 
 Management and franchise fee expense A base management fee is computed as a percentage of gross hotel revenues. An incentive management fee is typically paid when the hotel's operating income exceeds certain thresholds, and it is generally calculated as a percentage of hotel operating income after we have received a priority return on our investment in the hotel. A franchise fee is computed as a percentage of room revenue, plus an additional percentage of room revenue for marketing, central reservation systems and other franchisor costs. Certain hotels will also pay an additional franchise fee which is computed as a percentage of food and beverage revenue. For a more in depth discussion of the management and franchise fees, please refer to the "Our Hotel Properties Management Agreements" and "Our Hotel Properties Franchise Agreements" sections. 
 Other operating expense These expenses include labor and other costs associated with the sources of our other revenue, as well as the labor and other costs associated with the administrative departments, sales and marketing, repairs and maintenance, and utility costs at the hotel properties. 
 Most categories of variable operating expenses, including labor costs, fluctuate with changes in occupancy. Increases in occupancy are accompanied by increases in most categories of variable operating expenses, while increases in ADR typically only result in increases in certain categories of operating costs and expenses, such as management fees, franchise fees, travel agency commissions, and credit card processing fees, all of which are based on hotel revenues. Therefore, changes in ADR have a more significant impact on operating margins than changes in occupancy. 

Inflation 
 
 We rely on the performance of our hotel properties to increase revenues to keep pace with inflation. Generally, our hotel management companies possess the ability to adjust room rates daily, except for group or corporate rates contractually committed to in advance, although competitive pressures may limit the ability of our operators to raise rates faster than the rate of inflation or even at the same rate. Increased inflation may also have an adverse effect on our operating expenses, including, but not limited to, labor, supplies, repairs and maintenance, as these costs could increase at a faster rate than any increase in our revenues. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact occupancy levels at our hotel properties and, in turn, our own results of operations. 

2022 Significant Activities 
 
 Our significant activities reflect our commitment to creating long-term shareholder value through enhancing our hotel portfolio's quality, recycling capital and maintaining a flexible capital structure. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the following significant activities took place: 
 
 Paid off the 200.0 million outstanding balance on our Revolver using cash on hand. 
 
 Sold two hotel properties for a combined sales price of approximately 49.9 million. 
 
 Exercised a one-year extension option on a mortgage loan extending the maturity to April 2023, with a second one-year extension option still remaining. 
 
 Purchased and retired approximately 4.9 million shares for 57.6 million under a new share repurchase program. 
 
 Acquired the 124-room 21c Hotel in Nashville, Tennessee for 59.0 million. 
 
 Satisfied the requirements to exit all COVID-related restrictions under our Revolver and Term Loan agreements. 
 
 31 

Amended a Term Loan agreement to increase the amount of the Term Loan up to 200.0 million and extend the maturity to January 2026. 
 
 Provided notice to the lenders that we would be exercising our one-year extension option on approximately 225.0 million of the principal balances on certain Term Loans, extending the maturities to January 2024. 

Results of Operations 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we owned 97 and 98 hotel properties, respectively. Based on when a hotel property is acquired, sold, or otherwise disposed, the operating results for certain hotel properties are not comparable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The non-comparable properties include ten hotels that were sold or otherwise disposed in 2022 and 2021 and four hotels that were acquired in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 For similar operating and financial data and discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to our results for the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , which was filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

32 

Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (amounts in thousands) Revenues Operating revenues Room revenue 1,002,454 667,853 334,601 Food and beverage revenue 117,027 58,994 58,033 Other revenue 74,181 58,817 15,364 Total revenues 1,193,662 785,664 407,998 Expenses Operating expenses Room expense 253,441 177,365 76,076 Food and beverage expense 87,402 41,790 45,612 Management and franchise fee expense 95,565 53,276 42,289 Other operating expense 308,000 239,092 68,908 Total property operating expenses 744,408 511,523 232,885 Depreciation and amortization 184,875 187,778 (2,903) Impairment losses 144,845 (144,845) Property tax, insurance and other 86,996 88,852 (1,856) General and administrative 56,330 47,526 8,804 Transaction costs (345) 94 (439) Total operating expenses 1,072,264 980,618 91,646 Other income (expense), net 9,496 (7,614) 17,110 Interest income 4,559 996 3,563 Interest expense (93,155) (106,366) 13,211 Gain (loss) on sale of hotel properties, net 1,017 (2,378) 3,395 (Loss) gain on extinguishment of indebtedness, net (39) 893 (932) Income (loss) before equity in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 43,276 (309,423) 352,699 Equity in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 457 (477) 934 Income (loss) before income tax expense 43,733 (309,900) 353,633 Income tax expense (1,518) (1,188) (330) Net income (loss) 42,215 (311,088) 353,303 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures (210) 4,384 (4,594) Noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership (80) 1,536 (1,616) Net income (loss) attributable to RLJ 41,925 (305,168) 347,093 Preferred dividends (25,115) (25,115) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 16,810 (330,283) 347,093 

33 

Revenues 
 
 Total revenues increased 408.0 million to 1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 785.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was a result of a 334.6 million increase in room revenue, a 58.0 million increase in food and beverage revenue, and a 15.4 million increase in other revenue. 
 
 Room Revenue 
 
 Room revenue increased 334.6 million to 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 667.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was the result of a 323.4 million increase in room revenue attributable to the comparable properties and a 11.2 million increase in room revenue attributable to the non-comparable properties. The increase in room revenue from the comparable properties was attributable to an increase in RevPAR, including a significant increase in ADR, resulting from an increase in leisure travel, as well as some recoveries in business and group bookings, as compared to the prior period. Though RevPAR increased compared to 2021, it remained below pre-pandemic levels. 
 
 The following are the key hotel operating statistics for the comparable properties: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Occupancy 69.0 57.8 ADR 187.25 149.08 RevPAR 129.13 86.11 
 
 Food and Beverage Revenue 
 
 Food and beverage revenue increased 58.0 million to 117.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 59.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was the result of a 56.2 million increase in food and beverage revenue attributable to the comparable properties and a 1.9 million increase in food and beverage revenue attributable to the non-comparable properties. The increase in food and beverage revenue attributable to the comparable properties was primarily due to an increase in banquet and catering revenues from group business and the reopening of certain food and beverage outlets. 
 
 Other Revenue 
 
 Other revenue, which includes revenue derived from ancillary sources such as parking fees, resort fees, gift shop sales and other guest service fees, increased 15.4 million to 74.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 58.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was the result of a 14.3 million increase in other revenue attributable to the comparable properties and a 1.1 million increase in other revenue attributable to the non-comparable properties. The increase in other revenue attributable to the comparable properties was primarily due to an increase in parking fees, resort and facility fees (including new resort and facility fees implemented during the prior year and current year), and gift shop sales that corresponded to the increase in demand over the prior period. 
 
 Property Operating Expenses 
 
 Property operating expenses increased 232.9 million to 744.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 511.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to a 234.8 million increase in property operating expenses attributable to the comparable properties, which was partially offset by a 1.9 million decrease in property operating expenses attributable to the non-comparable properties. 
 
 The components of our property operating expenses for the comparable properties were as follows (in thousands): 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Room expense 246,615 170,136 76,479 Food and beverage expense 85,128 40,937 44,191 Management and franchise fee expense 91,534 50,748 40,786 Other operating expense 298,671 225,366 73,305 Total property operating expenses 721,948 487,187 234,761 
 34 

The increase in property operating expenses attributable to the comparable properties corresponded to an increase in demand over the prior period. Management and franchise fee expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included a reduction in management and franchise fee expense of 4.1 million and 14.1 million, respectively, related to the recognition of the 36.0 million Wyndham termination payment received in 2019. The decrease in the recognition of the Wyndham termination payment was due to certain Wyndham agreements expiring in 2021. The termination payments were fully recognized as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 2.9 million to 184.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 187.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was the result of a 1.3 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expense attributable to the comparable properties and a 1.6 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expense attributable to the non-comparable properties. The decrease in depreciation and amortization expense 
 attributable to the comparable properties was primarily related to furniture, fixtures and equipment that were fully depreciated in 2021, partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense related to recently acquired and recently renovated hotels. 
 
 Impairment Losses 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded impairment losses of 144.8 million. The impairment losses included 5.9 million related to two hotel properties that were sold in May 2021 and 138.9 million related to the DoubleTree 
 Metropolitan New York City that was sold in December 2021. There was no impairment loss recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Property Tax, Insurance and Other 
 
 Property tax, insurance and other expense decreased 1.9 million to 87.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 88.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was attributable to a 5.7 million decrease in property tax, insurance and other expense attributable to the non-comparable properties, which was partially offset by a 3.8 million increase in property tax, insurance and other expense attributable to the comparable properties. The increase in property tax, insurance and other expense attributable to the comparable properties was attributable to recognizing a larger benefit during the year ended December 31, 2021 than during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the reversal of accrued real estate tax liabilities in excess of the amounts owed for certain of our California hotels acquired in our merger with FelCor Lodging Trust. Additionally, the increase was attributable to an increase in property insurance premiums and an increase in ground rent expense due to rent owed as a percentage of revenue and the impact of ground rent increases due to annual consumer price index adjustments. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expense increased 8.8 million to 56.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 47.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to an increase in share-based compensation expense, as well as an increase in payroll tax expense due to payroll tax credits in the prior year that did not recur in the current year. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 
 Other income (expense), net increased 17.1 million to income of 9.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from expense of 7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the reclassification of unrealized gains and losses from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) due to the discontinuation of certain cash flow hedges in each of the periods. 

35 

Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased 13.2 million to 93.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 106.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense decreased due to lower average debt balances and lower effective interest rates due to financing transactions that closed during the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as the impact of exiting the covenant relief period during 2022 under our Revolver and Term Loan agreements. The components of our interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Senior Notes 38,820 34,079 4,741 Revolver and Term Loans 34,126 54,733 (20,607) Mortgage loans 13,563 13,306 257 Amortization of deferred financing costs 5,967 5,884 83 Non-cash interest expense related to interest rate hedges 679 (1,636) 2,315 Total interest expense 93,155 106,366 (13,211) 
 
 Gain (Loss) on Sale of Hotel Properties, net 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold two hotel properties for an aggregate sales price of approximately 
 49.9 million and recorded a net gain on the sales of approximately 1.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold seven hotel properties for an aggregate sales price of approximately 208.5 million and recorded a net loss on the sales of approximately 2.4 million. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We consider the following non-GAAP financial measures useful to investors as key supplemental measures of our performance: (1) FFO, (2) Adjusted FFO, (3) EBITDA, (4) EBITDA re and (5) Adjusted EBITDA. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, net income as a measure of our operating performance. FFO, Adjusted FFO, EBITDA, EBITDA re, and Adjusted EBITDA, as calculated by us, may not be comparable to FFO, Adjusted FFO, EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA as reported by other companies that do not define such terms exactly as we define such terms. 
 
 Funds From Operations 
 
 We calculate FFO in accordance with standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT"), which defines FFO as net income or loss, excluding gains or losses from sales of real estate, impairment, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, plus depreciation and amortization, and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, most real estate industry investors consider FFO to be helpful in evaluating a real estate company s operations. We believe that the presentation of FFO provides useful information to investors regarding our operating performance and can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and between REITs, even though FFO does not represent an amount that accrues directly to common shareholders. Our calculation of FFO may not be comparable to measures calculated by other companies who do not use the NAREIT definition of FFO or do not calculate FFO per diluted share in accordance with NAREIT guidance. Additionally, FFO may not be helpful when comparing us to non-REITs. We present FFO attributable to common shareholders, which includes our OP units, because our OP units may be redeemed for common shares. We believe it is meaningful for the investor to understand FFO attributable to all common shares and OP units. 
 
 We further adjust FFO for certain additional items that are not in NAREIT s definition of FFO, such as transaction costs, pre-opening costs, gains or losses on extinguishment of indebtedness, amortization of share-based compensation, non-cash income tax expense or benefit, non-cash interest expense related to discontinued interest rate hedges, corporate and property-level severance, derivative gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) reclassified to earnings, and certain other income or expenses that we consider outside the normal course of operations. We believe that Adjusted FFO provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our ongoing operating performance that, when considered with net income and FFO, is beneficial to an investor s understanding of our operating performance. 
 
 36 

The following table is a reconciliation of our GAAP net income (loss) to FFO attributable to common shareholders and unitholders and Adjusted FFO attributable to common shareholders and unitholders for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) 42,215 (311,088) Preferred dividends (25,115) (25,115) Depreciation and amortization 184,875 187,778 Impairment losses 144,845 (Gain) loss on sale of hotel properties, net (1,017) 2,378 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures (210) 4,384 Adjustments related to consolidated joint ventures (1) (187) (2,780) Adjustments related to unconsolidated joint ventures (2) 1,070 1,168 FFO 201,631 1,570 Transaction costs (345) 94 Pre-opening costs 2,258 144 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of indebtedness, net 39 (893) Amortization of share-based compensation 21,664 17,054 Non-cash income tax benefit (17) (40) Non-cash interest expense related to discontinued interest rate hedges 680 Corporate and property-level severance (3) 904 Derivative (gains) losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) reclassified to earnings (4) (5,866) 10,658 Other expenses (5) 1,067 1,942 Adjusted FFO 221,111 31,433 
 
 (1) Includes depreciation and amortization expense, impairment loss and loss on sale of hotel allocated to the noncontrolling interest in the consolidated joint ventures. 
 (2) Includes our ownership interest in the depreciation and amortization expense of the unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 (3) The year ended December 31, 2021 includes severance for associates at hotels operating under collective bargaining agreements. 
 (4) Reclassification of interest rate swap (gains) losses from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings for discontinued interest rate hedges. 
 (5) Represents expenses and income outside of the normal course of operations including debt modification costs, legal and other costs, and hurricane-related costs that were not reimbursed by insurance. 

37 

EBITDA and EBITDA re 
 
 EBITDA is defined as net income or loss excluding: (1) interest expense; (2) provision for income taxes, including income taxes applicable to sales of assets; and (3) depreciation and amortization. We consider EBITDA useful to an investor in evaluating and facilitating comparisons of our operating performance between periods and between REITs by removing the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest expense) and asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. In addition, EBITDA is used as one measure in determining the value of hotel acquisitions and disposals. 
 
 In addition to EBITDA, we present EBITDA re in accordance with NAREIT guidelines, which defines EBITDA re as net income or loss excluding interest expense, income tax benefit or expense, depreciation and amortization expense, gains or losses from sales of real estate, impairment, and adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. We believe that the presentation of EBITDA re provides useful information to investors regarding our operating performance and can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and between REITs. 
 
 We also present Adjusted EBITDA, which includes additional adjustments for items such as transaction costs, pre-opening costs, gains or losses on extinguishment of indebtedness, amortization of share-based compensation, corporate and property-level severance, derivative gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) reclassified to earnings, and certain other income or expenses that we consider outside the normal course of operations. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our ongoing operating performance that, when considered with net income, EBITDA and EBITDA re , is beneficial to an investor s understanding of our operating performance. 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of our GAAP net income (loss) to EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) 42,215 (311,088) Depreciation and amortization 184,875 187,778 Interest expense, net 88,596 105,370 Income tax expense 1,518 1,188 Adjustments related to unconsolidated joint ventures (1) 1,519 1,633 EBITDA 318,723 (15,119) (Gain) loss on sale of hotel properties, net (1,017) 2,378 Impairment losses 144,845 EBITDA re 
 317,706 132,104 Transaction costs (345) 94 Pre-opening costs 2,258 144 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of indebtedness, net 39 (893) Amortization of share-based compensation 21,664 17,054 Corporate and property-level severance (2) 904 Derivative (gains) losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) reclassified to earnings (3) (5,866) 10,658 Other expenses (4) 1,067 1,942 Adjusted EBITDA 336,523 162,007 
 
 (1) Includes our ownership interest in the interest, depreciation, and amortization expense of the unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 (2) The year ended December 31, 2021 includes severance for associates at hotels operating under collective bargaining agreements. 
 (3) Reclassification of interest rate swap (gains) losses from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings for discontinued interest rate hedges. 
 (4) Represents expenses and income outside of the normal course of operations including debt modification costs, legal and other costs, and hurricane-related costs that were not reimbursed by insurance. 
 38 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 536.4 million of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reserves as compared to 713.9 million at December 31, 2021. In addition, we had 600.0 million available on our Revolver at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our principal uses of capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 were our purchase of one hotel property, repayment of the outstanding balance on our Revolver, capital improvements and additions to hotel properties, and the repurchase of common shares under our share repurchase program. Our principal sources of capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 were cash generated from operations and the sale of two hotel properties. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 
 Our expected material cash requirements for the twelve months ending 2023 and thereafter are comprised of (i) contractually obligated expenditures; and (ii) other essential cash requirements. 
 
 Contractually Obligated Expenditures 
 
 We are party to various contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. These obligations impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. Our material short and long-term cash commitments primarily consist of debt obligations and ground lease payments related to certain of our hotel properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.2 billion in debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 3.57 , of which 294.0 million is scheduled to become due in the succeeding 12 months, excluding the Term Loans for which we exercised our one year extension option in January 2023. As of December 31, 2022, our total future minimum lease payments were 586.3 million, of which 11.6 million is scheduled to become due in the succeeding 12 months . For details regarding our indebtedness and lease obligations, refer to Note 7, Debt , and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Other Essential Cash Requirements 
 
 Our other short-term cash requirements consist primarily of the funds necessary to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures directly associated with our hotel properties, including: 
 
 recurring maintenance and capital expenditures necessary to maintain our hotel properties in accordance with brand standards; 
 
 distributions, including those necessary to qualify for taxation as a REIT; and 
 
 corporate and other general and administrative expenses. 
 
 We expect to meet our short-term cash requirements generally through the net cash provided by operations, existing cash balances, short-term borrowings under our Revolver, proceeds from the sale of hotel properties, proceeds from financings, and proceeds from public offerings of common shares. 
 
 Our other long-term cash requirements consist primarily of the funds necessary to pay for costs of acquiring additional hotel properties, renovations and other capital expenditures that need to be made periodically with respect to our hotel properties, and any other value enhancing projects. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities 
 
 The net cash flow provided by operating activities totaled 256.5 million and 43.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash flows provided by operating activities generally consist of the net cash generated by our hotel operations, cash paid for corporate expenses and other working capital changes. Refer to the "Results of Operations" section for further discussion of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

39 

Cash flows from Investing Activities 
 
 The net cash flow used in investing activities totaled 135.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to a 59.3 million acquisition of a hotel property and 124.3 million in capital improvements and additions to our hotel properties. These were partially offset by 48.1 million of net cash proceeds from the sale of two hotel properties. 
 
 The net cash flow used in investing activities totaled 24.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to 174.7 million used to purchase three hotel properties and 48.3 million in routine capital improvements and additions to our hotel properties. These were partially offset by 198.6 million of net cash proceeds from the sale of seven hotel properties. 
 
 Cash flows from Financing Activities 
 
 The net cash flow used in financing activities totaled 298.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to 200.0 million in repayment of the outstanding balance on the Revolver, 57.6 million paid to repurchase common shares under a share repurchase program, 38.5 million in distributions to shareholders and unitholders, 2.6 million in distributions to joint venture partners, 3.6 million paid to repurchase common shares to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements, and 1.3 million in deferred financing cost payments. The net cash flow used in financing activities was partially offset by 5.0 million in borrowing on a Term Loan. 
 
 The net cash flow used in financing activities totaled 239.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the redemption of the 475.0 million senior notes due 2025 with a redemption premium of 9.5 million, 356.3 million in repayment of Term Loans, 200.0 million in repayment of the Revolver, 149.2 million in repayment of mortgage loans, 31.8 million in distributions to shareholders and unitholders, 14.8 million in deferred financing cost payments, 2.5 million paid to repurchase common shares, and 1.5 million in scheduled mortgage loan principal payments. The net cash flow used in financing activities was partially offset by 1.0 billion in gross proceeds from the issuances of the senior notes. 
 
 Capital Expenditures and Reserve Funds 
 
 We maintain each of our hotel properties in good repair and condition and in conformity with applicable laws and regulations, franchise agreements and management agreements. The cost of all such routine improvements and alterations are paid out of FF E reserves, which are funded by a portion of each hotel property s gross revenues. Routine capital expenditures are administered by the property management companies. However, we have approval rights over the capital expenditures as part of the annual budget process for each of our hotel properties. 
 
 From time to time, certain of our hotel properties may undergo renovations as a result of our decision to upgrade portions of the hotels, such as guestrooms, public space, meeting space, and/or restaurants, in order to better compete with other hotels and alternative lodging options in our markets. In addition, upon acquisition of a hotel property we often are required to complete a property improvement plan in order to bring the hotel up to the respective franchisor s standards. If permitted by the terms of the management agreement, funding for a renovation will first come from the FF E reserves. To the extent that the FF E reserves are not available or sufficient to cover the cost of the renovation, we will fund all or the remaining portion of the renovation with cash and cash equivalents on hand, our Revolver and/or other sources of available liquidity. 
 
 With respect to some of our hotels that are operated under franchise agreements with major national hotel brands and for some of our hotels subject to first mortgage liens, we are obligated to maintain FF E reserve accounts for future capital expenditures at these hotels. The amount funded into each of these reserve accounts is generally determined pursuant to the management agreements, franchise agreements and/or mortgage loan documents for each of the respective hotels, and typically ranges between 3.0 and 5.0 of the respective hotel s total gross revenue. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 22.1 million was held in FF E reserve accounts for future capital expenditures. 
 
 40 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We consider our accounting policies over investment in hotel properties and revenue recognition to be our critical accounting estimates. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further descriptions of such accounting policies. We have set forth below the accounting policies that we believe require material subjective or complex judgments and have the most significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. It is possible that the actual amounts may differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions. We evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments on an ongoing basis, based on information that is available to us, our business and industry experience, and various other matters that we believe are reasonable and appropriate for consideration under the circumstances. 
 
 Impairment 
 
 We assess the carrying value of our investments in hotel properties whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Hotel property recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount to the projected undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated from the operation and the eventual disposition of the hotel properties over the estimated hold period, which take into account current market conditions and our intent with respect to holding or disposing of the hotel properties. If our analysis indicates that the carrying value is not recoverable on a projected undiscounted cash flow basis, we will recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. The determination of fair value is subjective and is based in part on assumptions and estimates that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. The fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including internally developed discounted cash flow models, comparable market transactions, third-party appraisals, the net sales proceeds from pending offers, or the net sales proceeds from transactions that closed subsequent to the end of the reporting period. The use of projected future cash flows is based on assumptions that are consistent with a market participant s future expectations for the travel industry and the economy in general, including discount rates, sales proceeds in the reversion year, average daily rates, occupancy rates, operating expenses and capital expenditures, and our intent with respect to holding or disposing of the underlying hotel properties. Fair value may also be based on assumptions including, but not limited to, room revenue multiples and comparable sales adjusted for capital expenditures, if necessary. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 
 Our acquisitions generally consist of land, land improvements, buildings, building improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, inventory, and assumed debt. We allocate the purchase price among the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. We estimate the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed by using a combination of the market, cost and income approaches. We determine the fair value by using market data and independent appraisals available to us and making numerous estimates and assumptions, such as estimates of future income growth, replacement cost per unit, value per acre or buildable square foot, capitalization rates, discount rates, borrowing rates, market rental rates, capital expenditures and cash flow projections at the respective hotel properties. The determination of fair value is subjective and is based in part on assumptions and estimates that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Market risk includes the risks that arise from changes in interest rates, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. Our primary market risk exposure is to changes in interest rates on our variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.2 billion of total variable rate debt outstanding (or 54.0 of total indebtedness) with a weighted-average interest rate of 3.28 per annum. 
 
 Our interest rate risk objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate fluctuations on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we manage our exposure to fluctuations in market interest rates through the use of fixed rate debt instruments to the extent that reasonably favorable rates are obtainable. We have entered into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps to mitigate our interest rate risk or to effectively lock the interest rate on a portion of our variable rate debt. We do not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. After taking into consideration the effect of interest rate swaps, 98.7 of our total indebtedness was fixed or effectively fixed. As of December 31, 2022, if market interest rates on our variable rate debt not subject to interest rate swaps were to increase by 1.00 , or 100 basis points, interest expense would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately 0.3 million annually, taking into account our existing contractual hedging arrangements. 
 41 

The following table provides information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For debt obligations outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the following table presents the principal repayments and related weighted-average interest rates by contractual maturity dates (in thousands): 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fixed rate debt (1)(2) 500,000 525,000 1,025,000 Weighted-average interest rate 3.75 4.05 3.90 Variable rate debt (1)(3) 294,005 405,657 400,000 105,000 1,204,662 Weighted-average interest rate (3)(4) 3.44 3.32 3.24 2.85 3.28 Total 294,005 405,657 400,000 605,000 525,000 2,229,662 
 
 (1) Excludes 10.7 million, 3.1 million and 0.5 million of net deferred financing costs on the senior notes, Term Loans and mortgage loans, respectively. 
 (2) Excludes a 2.2 million fair value adjustment on debt. 
 (3) The principal repayments and weighted-average interest rate for 2023 exclude the Term Loans for which we exercised our one year extension option in January 2023. 
 (4) The weighted-average interest rate gives effect to interest rate swaps, as applicable. 
 
 Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that arise during future periods, prevailing interest rates, and our hedging strategies at that time. 
 
 Changes in market interest rates on our fixed rate debt impact the fair value of our debt, but such changes have no impact on our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our fixed rate debt was 875.6 million, which is based on having the same debt service requirements that could have been borrowed at the date presented, at prevailing current market interest rates. If interest rates were to rise by 1.00 , or 100 basis points, and our fixed rate debt balance remained constant, we expect the fair value of our debt would decrease by approximately 38.4 million. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Refer to the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company's management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports filed or submitted with the Securities and Exchange Commission (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
 42 

preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company's management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act) during the period ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

43 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, or in Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 44 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following is a list of documents filed as a part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements Refer to the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules The following financial statement schedule is included herein on pages F-38 through F-42: 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation for RLJ Lodging Trust 
 All other schedules for which a provision is made in Regulation S-X are either not required to be included herein under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or the related information is included in the footnotes to the applicable financial statement and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 (3) Exhibits The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are noted below: 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Declaration of Trust of RLJ Lodging Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-172011) filed on May 5, 2011) 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Declaration of Trust of RLJ Lodging Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2015) 
 3.3 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Declaration of Trust of RLJ Lodging Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2016) 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary to Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Declaration of Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2015) 
 3.5 Articles Supplementary designating RLJ Lodging Trust's 1.95 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant's Form 8-A filed on August 30, 2017) 
 3.6 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of RLJ Lodging Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2016) 
 4.1 Form of Specimen Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A (File. No. 333-172011) filed on April 29, 2011) 
 4.2 Form of stock certificate evidencing the 1.95 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-A filed on August 30, 2017) 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust and the persons listed on Schedule I thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 4.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust and the persons listed on Schedule I thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2021, among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2021) 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2021, among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2021) 
 4.7 Description of Registered Securities 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated May 13, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 
 45 

10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated August 31, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2017) 
 10.3 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, between RLJ Lodging Trust and Evan Bayh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 10.4 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, between RLJ Lodging Trust and Nathaniel Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 10.5 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, between RLJ Lodging Trust and Leslie D. Hale (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 10.6 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, between RLJ Lodging Trust and Robert L. Johnson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 10.7 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, between RLJ Lodging Trust and Robert M. La Forgia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 10.8 Indemnification Agreement, dated May 16, 2011, between RLJ Lodging Trust and Glenda McNeal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2011) 
 10.9 RLJ Lodging Trust 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021) 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Share Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021) 
 10.11 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021) 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P. and Robert L. Johnson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2021) 
 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020 , by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P. and Leslie D. Hale (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2020) 
 10.14 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P. and Sean M. Mahoney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2021) 
 10.15 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2019, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, Wells Fargo Bank , National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other agents and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019) 
 10.16 Third Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of December 18, 2019, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019) 
 10.17 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2020) 
 10.18 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2020) 
 10.19 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021) 
 10.20 Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2021, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P. party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2021) 
 
 46 

10.21 Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2022, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P. party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto 
 10.22 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2012, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, Capital One, N.A., as Documentation Agent, Raymond James, as Managing Agent, Wells Fargo Securities LLC and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2013) 
 10.23 First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2013, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2013) 
 10.24 Second Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2015, by and between RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016) 
 10.25 Third Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2015, by and between RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016) 
 10.26 Fourth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement and First Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of April 22, 2016, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2016) 
 10.27 Fifth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated August 31, 2017, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as A dministrative A gent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2017) 
 10.28 Sixth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated January 25, 2018, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as A dministrative A gent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2018) 
 10.29 Seventh Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2019, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019) 
 10.30 Eighth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2020) 
 10.31 Ninth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2020) 
 10.32 Tenth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021) 
 10.33 Eleventh Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2021, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2021) 
 10.34 Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2022, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto 
 
 47 

10.35 Additional Lender Supplement, dated as of August 27, 2013, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., RLJ Lodging Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2013) 
 10.36 Guaranty, dated as of November 20, 2012, by RLJ Lodging Trust and certain subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2013) 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document Submitted electronically with this report 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Submitted electronically with this report 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document Submitted electronically with this report 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Submitted electronically with this report 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document Submitted electronically with this report 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document Submitted electronically with this report 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan contract or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 48 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 28, 2023. 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST By: /s/ LESLIE D. HALE Leslie D. Hale President and Chief Executive Officer and Trustee 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ ROBERT L. JOHNSON Executive Chairman and Trustee February 28, 2023 Robert L. Johnson /s/ LESLIE D. HALE President and Chief Executive Officer and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 Leslie D. Hale /s/ SEAN M. MAHONEY Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 Sean M. Mahoney /s/ CHRISTOPHER A. GORMSEN Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Christopher A. Gormsen /s/ EVAN BAYH Trustee February 28, 2023 Evan Bayh /s/ ARTHUR R. COLLINS Trustee February 28, 2023 Arthur R. Collins /s/ NATHANIEL A. DAVIS Trustee February 28, 2023 Nathaniel A. Davis /s/ PATRICIA L. GIBSON Trustee February 28, 2023 Patricia L. Gibson /s/ ROBERT M. LA FORGIA Trustee February 28, 2023 Robert M. La Forgia /s/ ROBERT J. MCCARTHY Trustee February 28, 2023 Robert J. McCarthy /s/ ROBIN M. ZEIGLER Trustee February 28, 2023 Robin M. Zeigler 
 49 

Item 8. Financial Statements 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 RLJ Lodging Trust: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 PCAOB ID: 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 4 
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 F- 5 
 Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 F- 7 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 F- 10 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 202 2 
 F- 38 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of RLJ Lodging Trust 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RLJ Lodging Trust and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 F-2 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Impairment Assessment of Investments in Hotel Properties 
 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, investments in hotel properties totaled 4.2 billion and there were no impairment losses recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, management assesses the carrying value of its investments in hotel properties whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount to the projected undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated from the operation and the eventual disposition of the hotel properties over the estimated hold period, which takes into account current market conditions and management s intent with respect to holding or disposing of the hotel properties. If management s analysis indicates that the carrying value is not recoverable on a projected undiscounted cash flow basis, the Company will recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment assessment of investments in hotel properties is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to identify events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures related to management s identification of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the impairment assessment of investments in hotel properties, including controls over management s identification of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for identifying investments in hotel properties to be evaluated for impairment, (ii) evaluating events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable, including, among others, performance of the hotel properties and indicators of changes in hold period for hotel properties, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the evaluation, and (iv) considering whether the information used in the evaluation was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. 
 F-3 

RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Investment in hotel properties, net Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash reserves Hotel and other receivables, net of allowance of 319 and 274, respectively Lease right-of-use assets Prepaid expense and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Debt, net Accounts payable and other liabilities Advance deposits and deferred revenue Lease liabilities Accrued interest Distributions payable Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Equity Shareholders equity: Preferred shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, 0.01 par value, 12,950,000 shares authorized; 12,879,475 shares issued and outstanding, liquidation value of 328,266, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value, 450,000,000 shares authorized; 162,003,533 and 166,503,062 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Distributions in excess of net earnings ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest: Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures Noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership Total noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Operating revenues Room revenue Food and beverage revenue Other revenue Total revenues Expenses Operating expenses Room expense Food and beverage expense Management and franchise fee expense Other operating expense Total property operating expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment losses Property tax, insurance and other General and administrative Transaction costs ) ) Total operating expenses Other income (expense), net ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Gain (loss) on sale of hotel properties, net ) (Loss) gain on extinguishment of indebtedness, net ) Income (loss) before equity in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Equity in income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Income (loss) before income tax expense ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures ) Noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership ) Net income (loss) attributable to RLJ ) ) Preferred dividends ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) ) Basic per common share data: Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares 
 F-5 

Diluted per common share data: Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate derivatives ) Reclassification of unrealized (gains) losses on discontinued cash flow hedges to other income (expense), net ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures ) Noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to RLJ ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 
 RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

 Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Net Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Operating Partnership Consolidated Joint Ventures Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Unrealized loss on interest rate derivatives ) ) Redemption of Operating Partnership units ) ) Issuance of restricted stock ) Amortization of share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy minimum required federal and state tax withholding on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Shares acquired as part of a share repurchase program ) ) ) ) Forfeiture of restricted stock ) Contributions from consolidated joint venture partners Distributions on preferred shares ) ) Distributions on common shares and units ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 
 
 RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

 Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Net Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Operating Partnership Consolidated Joint Ventures Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate derivatives Reclassification of unrealized losses on discontinued cash flow hedges to other income (expense), net Redemption of Operating Partnership units ) ) Issuance of restricted stock ) Amortization of share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy minimum required federal and state tax withholding on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Forfeiture of restricted stock ) ) Contributions from consolidated joint venture partners Distributions on preferred shares ) ) Distributions on common shares and units ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 
 RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

 Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Net Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Operating Partnership Consolidated Joint Ventures Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Unrealized gain on interest rate derivatives Reclassification of unrealized gains on discontinued cash flow hedges to other income (expense), net ) ) Issuance of restricted stock ) Amortization of share-based compensation Shares acquired to satisfy minimum required federal and state tax withholding on vesting restricted stock ) ) ) ) Shares acquired as part of a share repurchase program ) ) ) ) Forfeiture of restricted stock ) Contributions from consolidated joint venture partners Distribution to consolidated joint venture partners ) ) Distributions on preferred shares ) ) Distributions on common shares and units ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities: (Gain) loss on sale of hotel properties, net ) ) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of indebtedness, net ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Other amortization ) ) Reclassification of unrealized (gains) losses on discontinued cash flow hedges to other income (expense), net ) Unrealized gain on discontinued cash flow hedges ) Equity in (income) loss from unconsolidated joint ventures ) Impairment losses Amortization of share-based compensation Deferred income taxes Changes in assets and liabilities: Hotel and other receivables, net ) ) Prepaid expense and other assets ) ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Advance deposits and deferred revenue ) ) Accrued interest Net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition of hotel properties, net ) ) Proceeds from the sale of hotel properties, net Improvements and additions to hotel properties ) ) ) Contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures in excess of earnings Net cash flow used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings under Revolver Repayments of Revolver ) ) Borrowing on Term Loan Repayments of Term Loans ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Redemption of 475.0 million senior notes due 2025 (including a 9.5 million redemption premium) ) Scheduled mortgage loan principal payments ) ) Repayments of mortgage loans (including 7.0 million in prepayment premiums) ) Repurchase of common shares under a share repurchase program ) ) Repurchase of common shares to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements ) ) ) Distributions on preferred shares ) ) ) Distributions on common shares ) ) ) Distributions on and redemption of Operating Partnership units ) ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Contributions from consolidated joint venture partners Distributions to consolidated joint venture partners ) Net cash flow (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reserves ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reserves, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reserves, end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. General 
 
 Organization 
 
 units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership OP units outstanding and the Company owned, through a combination of direct and indirect interests, of the outstanding OP units. 
 
 hotel properties with approximately rooms, located in states and the District of Columbia. The Company, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, owned a interest in of its hotel properties, a controlling interest in hotel property, and a non-controlling interest in an entity owning hotel property. The Company consolidates its real estate interests in the hotel properties in which it holds a controlling interest, and the Company records the real estate interest in the hotel property in which it holds an indirect non-controlling interest using the equity method of accounting. The Company leases of the hotel properties to its taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS"), of which the Company owns a controlling financial interest. 

2. 
 joint venture in which it holds an indirect interest using the equity method of accounting. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

years for land improvements, years for building improvements, years for buildings, and three to for FF E. Maintenance and repairs are expensed and major renewals or improvements to the hotel properties are capitalized. Indirect project costs, including interest, salaries and benefits, travel and other related costs that are directly attributable to the development, are also capitalized. Upon the sale or disposition of a hotel property, the asset and related accumulated depreciation accounts are removed and the related gain or loss is included in the gain or loss on sale of hotel properties in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). A sale or disposition of a hotel property that represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results is presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively, of amortization expense was recorded as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

Leases 

third-party ownership interest. The third-party ownership interest is included in the noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership in the equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. The portion of the income and losses associated with the third-party 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

third-party ownership interest in the joint venture. The Company also consolidated the joint venture that owned the DoubleTree Metropolitan Hotel New York City hotel property; this joint venture had a third-party ownership interest in the joint venture. This hotel property was sold in December 2021. In addition, the Company consolidated the operating lessee of the Embassy Suites Secaucus - Meadowlands hotel property through its controlling financial interest in the operating lessee of the joint venture; this joint venture had a third-party ownership interest in the joint venture. On October 31, 2021, the ground lease associated with this hotel property was terminated and the hotel property reverted to the ground lessor. The third-party ownership interests are included in the noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures in the equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. The income and losses associated with the third-party ownership interest are included in the noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investment in hotel properties, net 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized depreciation expense related to its investment in hotel properties of approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Impairments 
 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company evaluated the recoverability of the carrying amount of the DoubleTree Metropolitan Hotel New York City and recorded an impairment loss of million to adjust the hotel's carrying amount to its estimated fair value. The fair value was determined based on the contractual sales price pursuant to an executed purchase and sale agreement (a Level 2 measurement in the fair value hierarchy). The sale of this hotel property closed in December 2021. Refer to Note 5 , Sale of Hotel Properties , for more information regarding the sale of this hotel property. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company evaluated the recoverability of two hotel properties and recorded an impairment loss of million to adjust the hotels carrying amounts to their estimated fair values. The fair values were determined based on the contractual sales price pursuant to an executed purchase and sale agreement (a Level 2 measurement in the fair value hierarchy). The sales of these hotel properties closed in May 2021. Refer to Note 5 , Sale of Hotel Properties , for more information regarding the sales of these hotel properties. 
 
 There were no impairment losses recorded during either of the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2020. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 
 interest in the following property: 
 Property Location Acquisition Date Management Company Rooms Purchase Price (in thousands) 21c Hotel Nashville Nashville, TN July 29, 2022 Accor Hotels 
 
 The acquisition of the 21c Hotel Nashville was accounted for as an asset acquisition, whereby approximately million of transaction costs were capitalized as part of the cost of the acquisition. Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total purchase price 
 
 interest in the following properties: 
 Property Location Acquisition Date Management Company Rooms Purchase Price (in thousands) Hampton Inn and Suites Atlanta Midtown Atlanta, GA August 5, 2021 Aimbridge Hospitality AC Hotel Boston Downtown Boston, MA October 18, 2021 Colwen Management Moxy Denver Cherry Creek (1) Denver, CO December 23, 2021 Sage Hospitality 
 
 million mortgage loan with a fair value at assumption of million. 
 
 The hotel properties acquired were accounted for as asset acquisitions, whereby approximately million of transaction costs were capitalized as part of the cost of the asset acquisitions. Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Favorable lease asset Fair value adjustment on mortgage debt assumed ) Other liability ) Total purchase price 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

5. 
 million, a net loss of million, and a net gain of million, respectively. 
 
 million: 
 
 Hotel Property Name Location Sale Date Rooms Marriott Denver Airport @ Gateway Park Aurora, CO March 8, 2022 SpringHill Suites Denver North Westminster Westminster, CO April 19, 2022 Total 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold the following hotel properties in seven separate transactions for a combined sales price of approximately million. 
 
 Residence Inn Indianapolis Fishers Indianapolis, IN May 10, 2021 Residence Inn Chicago Naperville Warrenville, IL May 12, 2021 Fairfield Inn Suites Chicago Southeast Hammond Hammond, IN July 15, 2021 Residence Inn Chicago Southeast Hammond Hammond, IN August 3, 2021 Courtyard Chicago Southeast Hammond Hammond, IN August 5, 2021 DoubleTree Metropolitan Hotel New York City New York, NY December 15, 2021 
 
 million. 

6. 
 South Florida Southern California New York City Chicago Washington, DC Louisville Boston Austin Houston Other Total 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

Southern California Northern California Chicago New York City Charleston Houston Washington, DC Austin Pittsburgh Other Total 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020 Room Revenue Food and Beverage Revenue Other Revenue Total Revenue South Florida Southern California Northern California Chicago New York City Houston Washington, DC Denver Charleston Pittsburgh Other Total 

7. 
 Revolver Term Loans, net Mortgage loans, net Debt, net 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

September 2029 2026 Senior Notes (1)(3) July 2026 Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Total senior notes, net 
 
 (1) Requires payments of interest only through maturity. 
 (2) The Company has the option to redeem its senior notes due 2029 (the "2029 Senior Notes") at any time prior to September 15, 2024 at a price equal to of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium. At any time on or after September 15, 2024, the Company may redeem the 2029 Senior Notes at a redemption price of (i) of the principal amount should such redemption occur before September 15, 2025, (ii) of the principal amount should such redemption occur before September 15, 2026 and (iii) of the principal amount thereafter, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. At any time prior to September 15, 2024, the Company may redeem the 2029 Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds from any equity offering at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, subject to certain conditions. 
 senior notes due 2026 (the "2026 Senior Notes") at any time prior to July 1, 2023 at a price equal to of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium. At any time on or after July 1, 2023, the Company may redeem the 2026 Senior Notes at a redemption price of (i) of the principal amount should such redemption occur before July 1, 2024, (ii) of the principal amount should such redemption occur before July 1, 2025 and (iii) of the principal amount thereafter, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. At any time prior to July 1, 2023, the Company may redeem the 2026 Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds from any equity offering at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 The Senior Notes are each fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Company and certain of the Operating Partnership s subsidiaries that incur and guarantee indebtedness under the Company s credit facilities and certain other indebtedness. On October 25, 2022, the collateral securing the Senior Notes was released in accordance with the terms of the indentures governing the Senior Notes. The indentures contain customary covenants that limit the Operating Partnership s ability and, in certain instances, the ability of its subsidiaries, to incur additional debt, create liens on assets, make distributions and pay dividends, make certain types of investments, issue guarantees of indebtedness, and make certain restricted payments. These limitations are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications set forth in the indentures. 

Yes Incurrence Covenants Consolidated Indebtedness less than Adjusted Total Assets x 
 Yes 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants associated with the Senior Notes. 
 
 Revolver and Term Loans 
 
 The Company has the following unsecured credit agreements in place: 
 
 million revolving credit facility with a scheduled maturity date of May 18, 2024 and a extension option if certain conditions are satisfied (the "Revolver"); 
 
 million term loan with a scheduled maturity date of January 25, 2023 for approximately million of the outstanding principal balance (the " 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023") and a scheduled maturity date of 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

extension option exercised in January 2023, for approximately million of the remaining outstanding principal balance (the " 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024"). 
 
 million term loan with a scheduled maturity date of January 25, 2023 for approximately million of the outstanding principal balance (the " 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023") and a scheduled maturity date of January 25, 2024, including a extension option exercised in January 2023, for approximately million of the remaining outstanding principal balance (the " 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024"). 
 
 million term loan with a scheduled maturity date of May 18, 2025 (the " 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2025"); and 
 
 million term loan with a scheduled maturity date of January 31, 2026 and two extension options if certain conditions are satisfied (the " 200 Million Term Loan Maturing 2026"). 
 
 The 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023, the 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024, the 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023, the 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024, the 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2025, and the 200 Million Term Loan Maturing 2026 are collectively the "Term Loans". The credit agreements contain certain financial covenants relating to the Company s maximum leverage ratio, minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, maximum secured indebtedness, maximum unencumbered leverage ratio and minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio. If an event of default exists, the Company is not permitted to make distributions to shareholders, other than those required to qualify for and maintain REIT status. 
 
 The borrowings under the Revolver and Term Loans bear interest at variable rates equal to LIBOR or the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus an applicable margin. The margin ranges from to , depending on the Company s leverage ratio, as calculated under the terms of each facility. The Company incurs an unused facility fee on the Revolver of between and , based on the amount by which the maximum borrowing amount exceeds the total principal balance of the outstanding borrowings. 

May 2024 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023 (3) January 2023 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024 January 2024 (5) 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023 (3) January 2023 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024 January 2024 (6) 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2025 May 2025 200 Million Term Loan Maturing 2026 (4) January 2026 (7) Deferred financing costs, net (8) ) ) Total Revolver and Term Loans, net 
 
 (1) Interest rate at December 31, 2022 gives effect to interest rate hedges. 
 (2) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million of remaining capacity on the Revolver, respectively. The Company has the ability to further increase the total capacity on the Revolver to million, subject to certain lender requirements. The Company also has the ability to extend the maturity date for an additional period ending May 2025 if certain conditions are satisfied. 
 (3) In January 2023, the Company received million in borrowings on the amended 200 Million Term Loan Maturing 2026 and utilized the proceeds to pay off this term loan. 
 (4) In November 2022, the Company amended this term loan to increase the amount of the term loan up to million and extend the initial maturity to January 2026, with two extension options. 
 (5) In January 2023, the Company exercised its option to extend the maturity of this term loan balance to January 2024. 
 (6) In January 2023, the Company exercised its option to extend the maturity of this term loan balance to January 2024. 
 (7) This term loan includes two extension options. The exercise of the extension options will be at the Company's discretion, subject to certain conditions. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to deferred financing costs on the Revolver, which are included in prepaid expense and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 x 
 Yes Fixed charge coverage ratio (2) >= x 
 Yes Secured indebtedness ratio = x 
 Yes 
 
 (1) Leverage ratio is net indebtedness, as defined in the Revolver and Term Loan agreements, to corporate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA"), as defined in the Revolver and Term Loan agreements. 
 (2) Fixed charge coverage ratio is Adjusted EBITDA, generally defined in the Revolver and Term Loan agreements as EBITDA less FF E reserves, to fixed charges, which is generally defined in the Revolver and Term Loan agreements as interest expense, all regularly scheduled principal payments, preferred dividends paid, and cash taxes paid. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company amended its Revolver and Term Loans. The amendments suspended the testing of all existing financial maintenance covenants for all periods through and including the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022 (the Covenant Relief Period ). In addition, for periods following the Covenant Relief Period, the amendments modified certain covenant thresholds, including the leverage ratio, through the fifth quarter following the Covenant Relief Period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company satisfied the requirements to exit all restrictions under the Revolver and Term Loan agreements. 
 
 In November 2022, the Company amended the 200 Million Term Loan Maturing 2026 to increase the amount of the term loan up to million and extend the maturity to January 2026, with two one year extension options. The borrowings under this loan bear interest at a variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus an applicable margin. The margin ranges from to , depending on the Company s leverage ratio, as calculated under the terms of the facility, plus a credit spread adjustment of ten basis points. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company received million in borrowings on the amended 200 Million Term Loan Maturing 2026 and utilized the proceeds to pay off approximately million of the principal balance of its 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023 and approximately million of the principal balance of its 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023. 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 
 April 2023 (4) Mortgage loan (2) April 2024 (5) Mortgage loan (2) April 2024 (5) Mortgage loan (3) January 2029 Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Total mortgage loans, net 
 
 (1) Interest rate at December 31, 2022 gives effect to interest rate hedges. 
 (2) The hotels encumbered by the mortgage loan are cross-collateralized. Requires payments of interest only through maturity. 
 (3) Includes million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to a fair value adjustment on this mortgage loan. 
 (4) The mortgage loan provides for an additional one year extension option. 
 (5) The mortgage loan provides extension options. 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

mortgage loans failed the debt yield or DSCR threshold and approximately million of restricted cash was held by lenders due to cash trap events. In addition, the DSCR covenant for one mortgage loan had been waived through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, although all mortgage loans met their debt yield or DSCR thresholds, mortgage loan was in a cash trap event pending notification to the lender to remove the restrictions. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of restricted cash held by this lender due to the cash trap event, and in February 2023, the restrictions were removed. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Revolver and Term Loans Mortgage loans Amortization of deferred financing costs Non-cash interest expense related to interest rate hedges ) Undesignated interest rate swaps ) Total interest expense 
 
 Future Minimum Principal Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (2) 
 
 (1) Excludes the term loans for which the Company exercised its one year extension option in January 2023. 
 million fair value adjustment on debt. 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 
 September 2019 September 2022 ) Swap-cash flow (1) March 2019 December 2022 ) Swap-cash flow (1) March 2019 December 2022 ) Swap-cash flow (2) June 2021 December 2022 ) Swap-cash flow (2) June 2021 December 2022 ) Swap-cash flow (5) November 2022 November 2023 ) Swap-cash flow January 2021 December 2023 ) Swap-cash flow January 2021 December 2023 ) Swap-cash flow April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow (4) April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow (4) April 2021 April 2024 ) Swap-cash flow (4) June 2020 December 2024 Swap-cash flow (4) June 2020 December 2024 Swap-cash flow September 2021 September 2025 ) Swap-cash flow (4) July 2021 January 2026 ) 
 
 (1) In June 2021, the Company dedesignated a portion of the original notional value of these swaps as the hedged forecasted transactions were no longer probable of occurring. Therefore, the Company reclassified a total of million of unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The portion of the swaps that were dedesignated were subsequently redesignated and the amounts related to the initial fair values of million that were recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) during the new hedging relationship were reclassified to earnings on a straight line basis over the remaining life of these swaps. 
 (2) In June 2021, the Company terminated a portion of the original notional value of these swaps as the hedged forecasted transactions were no longer probable of occurring and paid approximately million to terminate a portion of these swaps. In addition, the Company redesignated the remaining portions of these swaps resulting in the reclassification of approximately million of the unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). In February 2022, the Company paid a total of approximately million to terminate these swaps and reclassified the unrealized losses included in other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings on a straight line basis over the remaining life of these swaps. 
 (3) In February 2022, the Company terminated approximately million of the original million notional value of this swap as the hedged forecasted transactions were no longer probable of occurring. As part of the swap termination, the Company paid approximately million to terminate a portion of this swap. The Company reclassified the unrealized losses included in other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings on a straight line basis over the remaining life of the swap. 
 (4) In February 2022, the Company dedesignated these swaps as the hedged forecasted transactions were no longer probable of 
 occurring. Therefore, the Company reclassified a total of approximately million of unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). These swaps were subsequently redesignated and the amounts related to the initial fair value of million that are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) during the new hedging relationship will be reclassified to earnings on a straight line basis over the remaining life of these swaps. 
 (5) In November 2022, the Company modified the benchmark rate on this interest rate swap from LIBOR to Term SOFR. The fixed interest rates paid by the Company were and at December 2022 and December 2021, respectively. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, was included in prepaid expense and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate fair value of the interest rate swap liabilities of million was included in accounts payable and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to interest rate swaps. As of December 31, 2021, there was approximately million of unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to interest rate swaps. There was ineffectiveness recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately million of losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were reclassified into interest expense for the interest rate swaps. For the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately million of losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were reclassified into interest expense for the interest rate swaps. Approximately million of the unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2022 is expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. 

9. 
 Revolver and Term Loans, net Mortgage loans, net Debt, net 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

Interest rate swap liability Total 
 
 The following table presents the Company s fair value hierarchy for those financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Interest rate swap asset Interest rate swap liability ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 The fair values of the derivative financial instruments are determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows for each derivative. The Company determined that the significant inputs, such as interest yield curves and discount rates, used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and that the credit valuation adjustments associated with the Company s counterparties and its own credit risk utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. As of December 31, 2022, the Company assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and determined that the credit valuation adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

10. 
 of Company's hotel properties were subject to ground lease agreements that cover the land underlying the respective hotels. The ground leases are classified as operating leases. The total ground lease expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of million of fixed lease expense and million of variable lease expense. The total ground lease expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of million of fixed lease expense and million of variable lease expense. The total ground lease expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which consisted of million of fixed lease expense and million of variable lease expense. The total ground lease expense is included in property tax, insurance and other in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

F-27 

Table of Contents 

Wyndham San Diego Bayside 2029 DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Orlando Lake Buena Vista 2032 2057 Residence Inn Palo Alto Los Altos 2033 Wyndham Pittsburgh University Center 2038 2083 Marriott Louisville Downtown 2053 2153 (1) Embassy Suites San Francisco Airport Waterfront 2059 Wyndham New Orleans French Quarter 2065 Courtyard Charleston Historic District 2096 Courtyard Austin Downtown Convention Center and Residence Inn Downtown Convention Center 2100 Courtyard Waikiki Beach 2112 Moxy Denver Cherry Creek 2115 
 
 terms at the Company's option. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Imputed interest ) Lease liabilities 
 
 years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

to of the individual hotel s revenues. Any unexpended amounts will remain the property of the Company upon termination of the management agreements, franchise agreements or mortgage loan documents. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million, respectively, was available in the restricted cash reserves for future capital expenditures, real estate taxes and insurance, and debt obligations where certain lenders held restricted cash due to a cash trap event. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is currently involved in any regulatory or legal proceedings that management believes will have a material and adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Management Agreements 
 
 of the Company's consolidated hotel properties were operated pursuant to management agreements with initial terms ranging from one to years, with different management companies as noted in the table below. This number includes consolidated hotel properties that receive the benefits of a franchise agreement pursuant to management agreements with Hilton, Hyatt, Marriott, or other management companies. 
 Management Company Number of Hotel Properties Accor Hotels Aimbridge Hospitality Colwen Management, Inc. Concord Hospitality Enterprises Company Crestline Hotels and Resorts Davidson Hotels and Resorts Hilton Management and affiliates HEI Hotels and Resorts Hersha Hospitality Management Urgo Hotels (1) Highgate Hotels Hyatt Corporation and affiliates InnVentures (2) Marriott International, Inc. Pyramid Sage Hospitality White Lodging Services 
 
 (1) Urgo Hotels is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hersha Hospitality Management. 
 (2) InnVentures is a subsidiary of Highgate Hotels. 
 
 Each management company receives a base management fee between and of hotel revenues. Management agreements that include the benefits of a franchise agreement incur a base management fee between and of hotel revenues. The management companies are also eligible to receive an incentive management fee if hotel operating income, as defined in the management agreements, exceeds certain thresholds. The incentive management fee is generally calculated as a percentage of hotel operating income after the Company has received a priority return on its investment in the hotel. 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Franchise Agreements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the Company's consolidated hotel properties were operated under franchise agreements with initial terms ranging from one to years. This number excludes consolidated hotel properties that receive the benefits of a franchise agreement pursuant to management agreements with Hilton, Hyatt, Marriott, or other management companies. In addition, two hotels are not operated with a hotel brand so they do not have franchise agreements. Franchise agreements allow the hotel properties to operate under the respective brands. Pursuant to the franchise agreements, the Company pays a royalty fee between and of room revenue, plus additional fees for marketing, central reservation systems and other franchisor costs between and of room revenue. Certain hotels are also charged a royalty fee between and of food and beverage revenues. 
 
 Franchise fees are included in management and franchise fee expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred franchise fee expense of approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Wyndham Agreements 
 
 In 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Wyndham to terminate the net operating income guarantee effective December 31, 2019 and received termination payments totaling million from Wyndham. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company extended certain Wyndham management agreements to December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company terminated the remaining Wyndham management agreements. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized approximately million, million, and million, respectively, as a reduction to management and franchise fee expense related to the amortization of the termination payments over the remaining terms of the management agreements. The termination payments were fully recognized as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other 
 
 million in corporate and property-level severance costs as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This amount includes million for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to severance for associates at the Company's New York City hotels operating under collective bargaining agreements. The severance costs are included in other operating expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

11. 
 common shares authorized for issuance. 
 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company's board of trustees approved a new share repurchase program to acquire up to an 
 aggregate of million of common and preferred shares from May 9, 2022 to May 8, 2023 (the "2022 Share Repurchase 
 Program"). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired common shares for approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the 2022 Share Repurchase Program had a remaining capacity of million. 
 
 The Company did not repurchase any common shares under a share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased and retired common shares for approximately million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend of per common share. During each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company declared a cash dividend of per common share. 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

preferred shares authorized for issuance. The Series A Preferred Shares are convertible, in whole or in part, at any time, at the option of the holders into common shares at a conversion rate of common shares for each Series A Preferred Share. 
 
 During each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company declared a cash dividend of per Series A Preferred Share. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest in Consolidated Joint Ventures 
 
 The Company consolidates the joint venture that owns The Knickerbocker hotel property, which has a third-party partner that owns a noncontrolling ownership interest in the joint venture. The third-party ownership interest is included in the noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest in the Operating Partnership 
 
 The Company consolidates the Operating Partnership, which is a majority-owned limited partnership that has a noncontrolling interest. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership had OP units outstanding, of which of the outstanding OP units were owned by the Company and its subsidiaries, and the noncontrolling ownership interest was owned by other limited partners. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the limited partners owned OP units. The outstanding OP units held by the limited partners are redeemable for cash, or at the option of the Company, for a like number of common shares. The noncontrolling interest is included in the noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership on the consolidated balance sheets. 

12. 
 common shares to be issued in the form of share options, share appreciation rights, restricted share awards, unrestricted share awards, share units, dividend equivalent rights, long-term incentive units, other equity-based awards and cash bonus awards. 
 
 Share Awards 
 
 From time to time, the Company may award unvested restricted shares under the 2021 Plan as compensation to officers, employees and non-employee trustees. The issued shares vest over a period of time as determined by the board of trustees at the date of grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense for time-based unvested restricted shares on a straight-line basis over the vesting period based upon the fair market value of the shares on the date of issuance, adjusted for forfeitures. 
 
 Non-employee trustees may also elect to receive unrestricted shares under the 2021 Plan as compensation that would otherwise be paid in cash for their services. The shares issued to non-employee trustees in lieu of cash compensation are unrestricted and include no vesting conditions. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the unrestricted shares issued in lieu of cash compensation on the date of issuance based upon the fair market value of the shares on that date. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested at December 31, 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to restricted share awards. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested restricted share awards and these costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of the shares vested (calculated as the number of shares multiplied by the vesting date share price) during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Performance Units 
 
 From time to time, the Company may award performance units under the 2021 Plan as compensation to officers and employees. The performance units granted prior to 2021 vest over a period, including of performance-based vesting (the performance units measurement period plus an additional of time-based vesting. These performance units may convert into restricted shares at a range of to of the number of performance units granted contingent upon the Company achieving an absolute total shareholder return of award) and a relative total shareholder return of award) over the measurement period at specified percentiles of the peer group, as defined by the awards. If at the end of the performance units measurement period the target criterion is met, then of the performance units that are earned will vest at the end of the measurement period. The remaining convert to restricted shares that will vest on the anniversary of the end of the measurement period. The award recipients will not be entitled to receive any dividends prior to the date of conversion. For any restricted shares issued upon conversion, the award recipient will be entitled to receive payment of an amount equal to all dividends that would have been paid if such restricted shares had been issued at the beginning of the performance units measurement period. The fair value of the performance units was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation, and an expected term equal to the requisite service period for the awards of four years. The Company estimates the compensation expense for the performance units on a straight-line basis using a calculation that recognizes of the grant date fair value over and of the grant date fair value over . 
 The performance units granted in 2021 and 2022 vest at the end of a three year period. These performance units may convert into restricted shares at a range of to of the number of performance units granted contingent upon the Company achieving an absolute total shareholder return of award) and a relative shareholder return of award) over the measurement period at specified percentiles of the peer group, as defined by the awards. At the end of the performance units measurement period, if the target criterion is met, of the performance units that are earned will vest immediately. The award recipients will not be entitled to receive any dividends prior to the date of conversion. For any restricted shares issued upon conversion, the award recipient will be entitled to receive payment of an amount equal to all dividends that would have been paid if such restricted shares had been issued at the beginning of the performance units measurement period. The fair value of the performance units was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation. For performance units granted in 2021 and 2022, the Company estimates the compensation expense for the performance units on a straight-line basis using a calculation that recognizes of the grant date fair value over . 
 to 
 February 2020 to 
 February 2021 to 
 February 2022 to 
 
 (1) In February 2022, following the end of the measurement period, the Company met certain threshold criterion and the performance units converted into approximately restricted shares. Half of the restricted shares vested immediately with the remaining half vesting in February 2023. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately unvested restricted shares related to the conversion of the performance units. The total fair value of the vested shares related to the conversion of the performance units (calculated as the number of vested shares multiplied by the vesting date share price) during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized approximately million, million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to the performance unit awards. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the performance unit awards and these costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

common shares available for future grant under the 2021 Plan, which includes potential common shares that may convert from performance units if certain target criterion is met. 

13. 
 ) ) Less: Preferred dividends ) ) ) Less: Dividends paid on unvested restricted shares ) ) ) Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to unvested restricted shares Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average number of common shares - basic Unvested restricted shares Weighted-average number of common shares - diluted Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders - basic ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders - diluted ) ) 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

14. State ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) State ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Tax impact of REIT election ) ) ) Expected tax (expense) benefit at TRS ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) State income tax (expense) benefit, net of federal benefit ) ) Other items Income tax expense ) ) ) 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets: Property and equipment Incentive and vacation accrual Deferred revenue - key money Allowance for doubtful accounts Other Net operating loss carryforwards Federal historic tax credit Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on the consideration of all available evidence, including the future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future projected taxable income, and tax planning strategies. Valuation allowances are provided if, based upon the weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company would record a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that is most likely to be utilized in future periods to offset taxable income. Based upon the available objective evidence at December 31, 2022, the Company determined it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets related to the net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards of its primary TRS would not be utilized in future periods. The Company considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, including cumulative losses in recent years and its current forecast of future income in its analysis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a valuation allowance of approximately million and million, respectively, related to NOL carryforwards, historic tax credits, and other deferred tax assets of its TRSs. 
 
 The Company s NOLs will begin to expire in 2024 for federal tax purposes and 2022 to 2040 for state tax purposes. The Company's historic tax credits begin to expire in 2035. The annual utilization of these NOLs and tax credits is limited pursuant to federal and state tax laws. 
 
 The Company is subject to examination by U.S. federal and various state and local jurisdictions. The tax years subject to examination vary by jurisdiction. With few exceptions, as of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal or state and local tax examinations by tax authorities for the tax years of 2018 and before. 

15. 

F-35 

Table of Contents 

16. 
 Restricted cash reserves Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reserves Interest paid Income taxes paid Operating cash flow lease payments for operating leases Right-of-use asset and liability adjustment due to remeasurement ) Supplemental investing and financing transactions In conjunction with the acquisitions of hotel properties, the Company recorded the following: Purchase of hotel properties Transaction costs Operating prorations ) ) Mortgage debt assumed (non-cash financing activity) ) Acquisition of hotel properties, net In conjunction with the sale of hotel properties, the Company recorded the following: Sales price Transaction costs ) ) ) Operating prorations ) ) ) Receipt of forfeited deposit Proceeds from the sale of hotel properties, net Supplemental non-cash transactions Change in fair market value of designated interest rate swaps ) Accrued capital expenditures Distributions payable 

17. 
 
 common shares for approximately million. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company exercised its option to extend the maturities to January 2024 for approximately million of the principal balance of its 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024 and approximately million of the principal balance of its 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2024. The Company paid million in extension fees in January 2023. 
 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

million in borrowings on the amended 200 Million Term Loan Maturing 2026 and utilized the proceeds to pay off approximately million of the principal balance of its 400 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023 and approximately million of the principal balance of its 225 Million Term Loan Maturing 2023. 
 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

RLJ Lodging Trust 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 2006 15 - 40 years Marriott Louisville Downtown 2006 15 - 40 years Marriott Chicago Midway 2006 15 - 40 years Renaissance Boulder Flatiron Hotel 2006 15 - 40 years Renaissance Fort Lauderdale West Hotel 2006 15 - 40 years Courtyard Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile 2006 15 - 40 years Courtyard Indianapolis @ The Capitol 2006 15 - 40 years Courtyard Midway Airport 2006 15 - 40 years Courtyard Austin Downtown Convention Center 2007 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Houston By The Galleria 2006 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Indianapolis Downtown On The Canal 2006 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Merrillville 2006 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Louisville Downtown 2007 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Austin Downtown Convention Center 2007 15 - 40 years Fairfield Inn Suites Denver Cherry Creek 2006 15 - 40 years Fairfield Inn Suites Key West 2006 15 - 40 years Fairfield Inn Suites Chicago Midway Airport 2006 15 - 40 years Hampton Inn Chicago Midway Airport 2006 15 - 40 years Hilton Garden Inn Chicago Midway Airport 2006 15 - 40 years Sleep Inn Midway Airport 2006 15 - 40 years Holiday Inn Express Suites Midway Airport 2006 15 - 40 years TGI Friday's Chicago Midway 2006 15 - 40 years Hampton Inn Garden City 2007 15 - 40 years Courtyard Houston By The Galleria 2007 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Los Angeles Downey 2008 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Tampa Downtown Convention Center 2010 15 - 40 years 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

2010 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Fort Myers Estero 2010 15 - 40 years Homewood Suites Washington DC Downtown 2010 15 - 40 years Hotel Indigo New Orleans Garden District 2010 15 - 40 years Residence Inn National Harbor Washington DC 2010 15 - 40 years Hilton Garden Inn New Orleans Convention Center 2010 15 - 40 years Hilton Garden Inn Los Angeles Hollywood 2010 15 - 40 years Renaissance Pittsburgh Hotel 2011 15 - 40 years Courtyard Atlanta Buckhead 2011 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites West Palm Beach Central 2011 15 - 40 years Hilton Garden Inn Pittsburgh University Place 2011 15 - 40 years Courtyard Charleston Historic District 2011 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Bethesda Downtown 2012 15 - 40 years Courtyard New York Manhattan Upper East Side 2012 15 - 40 years Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge 2012 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Boston Waltham 2012 15 - 40 years Courtyard Houston Downtown Convention Center 2013 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Houston Downtown Convention Center 2013 15 - 40 years SpringHill Suites Houston Downtown Convention Center 2013 15 - 40 years Courtyard Waikiki Beach 2013 15 - 40 years Courtyard San Francisco 2013 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Atlanta Midtown Historic 2013 15 - 40 years SpringHill Suites Portland Hillsboro 2013 15 - 40 years Hilton Cabana Miami Beach 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt House Charlotte Center City 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt House Cypress Anaheim 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt House Emeryville San Francisco Bay Area 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt House San Diego Sorrento Mesa 2014 15 - 40 years 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt House San Ramon 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt House Santa Clara 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt Centric The Woodlands 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt Place Fremont Silicon Valley 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt Place Madison Downtown 2014 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Irvine Orange County 2014 15 - 40 years Courtyard Portland City Center 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt Atlanta Midtown 2014 15 - 40 years DoubleTree Grand Key Resort 2014 15 - 40 years Hyatt Place Washington DC Downtown K Street 2015 15 - 40 years Homewood Suites Seattle Lynnwood 2015 15 - 40 years Residence Inn Palo Alto Los Altos 2015 15 - 40 years DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Austin 2017 15 - 40 years DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Orlando - Lake Buena Vista 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Atlanta - Buckhead 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Birmingham 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Dallas - Love Field 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Deerfield Beach - Resort Spa 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Fort Lauderdale 17th Street 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Los Angeles - International Airport South 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Miami - International Airport 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Milpitas Silicon Valley 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Minneapolis - Airport 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Orlando - International Drive South/Convention Center 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites Phoenix - Biltmore 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites San Francisco Airport - South San Francisco 2017 15 - 40 years Embassy Suites San Francisco Airport - Waterfront 2017 15 - 40 years Zachari Dunes on Mandalay Beach, Curio Collection by Hilton 2017 15 - 40 years 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

2017 15 - 40 years Mills House Charleston, Curio Collection by Hilton 2017 15 - 40 years San Francisco Marriott Union Square 2017 15 - 40 years The Knickerbocker New York 2017 15 - 40 years The Pierside Santa Monica 2017 15 - 40 years Wyndham Boston Beacon Hill 2017 7 years Wyndham New Orleans - French Quarter 2017 15 - 40 years Wyndham Philadelphia Historic District 2017 15 - 40 years Wyndham Pittsburgh University Center 2017 15 - 40 years Wyndham San Diego Bayside 2017 8 years AC Hotel Boston Downtown 2021 15 - 40 years Hampton Inn and Suites Atlanta Midtown 2021 15 - 40 years Moxy Denver Cherry Creek 2021 15 - 40 years 21c Hotel Nashville 2022 15 - 40 years 
 
 (1) The aggregate cost of real estate for federal income tax purposes was approximately billion at December 31, 2022. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

Add: Acquisitions Add: Improvements Less: Sale of hotel properties ) ) ) Less: Impairment losses ) Balance at end of period 
 
 The change in the accumulated depreciation of the real estate assets is as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of Accumulated Depreciation Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) Add: Depreciation for the period ) ) ) Less: Sale of hotel properties Balance at end of period ) ) ) 
 
 F-42 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 exhibit102112312022.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

Exhibit 10.21 
 
 Loan Numbers 1008457, 
 1008458, 
 and 1010219 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of April 21, 2022, is made by and between RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P., a limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Borrower ), RLJ LODGING TRUST, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Parent Guarantor ), each of the undersigned Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below)), the Lenders party hereto (the Lenders ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and the financial institutions initially a signatory to the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined below) together with their successors and assigns under Section 13.6 of the Existing Credit Agreement have entered into that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 18, 2019 (as amended by the First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, as further amended by the Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, as further amended by the Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, as further amended by the Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2021, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, collectively, the Existing Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings provided in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below) 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor have requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders amend certain terms and conditions of the Existing Credit Agreement as described herein and 
 WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party to this Amendment (which Lenders comprise the Requisite Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement) have agreed to so amend certain terms and conditions of the Existing Credit Agreement to make certain agreed upon modifications on the terms and conditions set forth below in this Amendment. 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Effective as set forth in Section 2 below, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows (the Amended Credit Agreement 
 (a) Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following defined term in the appropriate alphabetical order 

Minimum Liquidity Amount shall mean One Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 150,000,000), as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 10.12(c)(vii). 
 (b) Section 10.1(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) Minimum Liquidity . At all times during the Leverage Relief Period, but tested as of the end of each calendar month, the sum of (i) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date plus (ii) the aggregate unused and available Revolving Credit Commitments (to the extent available to be drawn at the date of determination) shall not be less than the Minimum Liquidity Amount. 
 (c) Section 10.12(c) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the and at the end of clause (v), replacing the period at the end of clause (vi) with a , and , and adding the following as a new clause (vii) thereto 
 (vii) Parent Guarantor may repurchase Equity Interests in itself in an amount up to Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000) so long as such Equity Interests are repurchased with either (x) cash from operations of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, (y) cash on hand of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries so long as such cash is not (A) subject to clause (z), below, Net Proceeds that are required to be applied for another specific purpose pursuant to Section 2.8(b)(iv) , or (B) proceeds of any Loan or (z) Net Proceeds received from an Asset Disposition and retained by Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided , however , that the Minimum Liquidity Amount shall automatically increase dollar for dollar, by the total amount expended towards the repurchase of such Equity Interests. 
 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received 
 (i)counterparts of this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders 
 (ii)a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Parent Guarantor or the Borrower certifying as to the conditions set forth in Section 6.2.(a) , (b) and (d) of the Amended Credit Agreement on the date hereof and after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (iii)all other fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof, including reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower in connection with this Amendment and 
 2 

(iv)a copy of a duly executed amendment to each of the Five-Year Term Loan Agreement and the Capital One Term Loan Agreement, consistent with the modifications contemplated hereby. 
 (b) In the good faith and reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent 
 (i)there shall not have occurred or become known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders any event, condition, situation or status since the date of the information contained in the financial and business projections, budgets, pro forma data and forecasts concerning the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the date hereof that has had or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (which determination shall exclude any event or circumstance resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic to the extent that such event or circumstance has been disclosed in writing by the Borrower to Administrative Agent or publicly, or in the public domain) 
 (ii)no litigation, action, suit, investigation or other arbitral, administrative or judicial proceeding shall be pending or threatened in writing which could reasonably be expected to (A) result in a Material Adverse Effect or (B) restrain or enjoin, impose materially burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect, the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to fulfill its obligations under this Amendment and the Loan Documents to which it is a party 
 (iii)the Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall have received all approvals, consents and waivers, and shall have made or given all necessary filings and notices as shall be required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby without the occurrence of any default under, conflict with or violation of (A) any Applicable Law or (B) any material agreement, document or instrument to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any of them or their respective properties is bound and 
 (iv)the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall have provided (i) all information requested by the Administrative Agent and each Lender in order to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify in writing the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of this Amendment, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 3. Intentionally Omitted . 
 4. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower and the Parent Guarantor each hereby certifies that (a) no Default or Event of Default exists as of the date hereof or would exist immediately, in each case, after giving effect to this Amendment (b) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in any Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party are true and correct in all material respects (unless any such representation and 
 3 

warranty is qualified by materiality, in which event such representation and warranty is true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects (unless any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, in which event such representation and warranty was true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances permitted under the Loan Documents (c) no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration or filing with, any third party (other than any required filing with the SEC, which the Borrower agrees to file in a timely manner or filings or recordations required in connection with the perfection of any Lien on the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent) is required in connection with the execution, delivery and carrying out of this Amendment or, if required, has been obtained and (d) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered so that it constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies for the enforcement of certain obligations contained herein and as may be limited by equitable principles generally. The Borrower and the Parent Guarantor each confirms that the Obligations remain outstanding without defense, set off, counterclaim, discount or charge of any kind as of the date of this Amendment. Except as expressly provided herein, this Amendment shall not constitute an amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any provision of any Loan Document, a waiver of any default or Event of Default under any Loan Document, or a waiver or release of any of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent's rights and remedies (all of which are hereby reserved). 
 5. Intentionally Omitted . 
 6. Ratification . Without in any way establishing a course of dealing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor and each Subsidiary Guarantor each hereby reaffirms and confirms its obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Guaranty (solely with respect to the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors) and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and each and every such Loan Document executed by the undersigned in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby reaffirmed, ratified and confirmed. This Amendment is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation. All references to the Existing Credit Agreement contained in the above-referenced documents shall be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement and as the same may from time to time hereafter be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. 
 7. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED, AND TO BE FULLY PERFORMED, IN SUCH STATE. 
 8. Counterparts . To facilitate execution, this Amendment and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements may be executed in any number of counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be necessary that the signature of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature of all persons required to bind any party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single document. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this document to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties hereto. 
 4 

9. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are provided for convenience of reference only and shall not affect its construction or interpretation. 
 10. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the Amended Credit Agreement. This Amendment expresses the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. No prior negotiations or discussions shall limit, modify, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any determination that any provision of this Amendment or any application hereof is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect and in any instance shall not affect the validity, legality, or enforceability of such provision in any other instance, or the validity, legality, or enforceability of any other provisions of this Amendment. Each of the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor represents and warrants that it has consulted with independent legal counsel of its selection in connection herewith and is not relying on any representations or warranties of the Administrative Agent or its counsel in entering into this Amendment. 
 11. Litigation Jurisdiction Other Matters Waivers . The terms and provisions of Section 13.5 of the Existing Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis , as though fully set forth herein, and the parties hereto agree to such terms. 
 REST OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers all as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BORROWER 
 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
 
 By RLJ Lodging Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, its sole general partner 
 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 PARENT GUARANTOR 
 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST, 
 a Maryland real estate investment trust 
 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 RLJ III C BUCKHEAD, INC., a Texas corporation 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Treasurer 
 RLJ III EM WEST PALM BEACH, INC., a Texas corporation 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Treasurer 
 FELCOR HOLDINGS TRUST 
 s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title Trustee 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

EACH OF THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS LISTED ON ANNEX I HERETO 
 By RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, the direct or indirect holder of all controlling interests in such Subsidiary Guarantor By RLJ LODGING TRUST, a Maryland real estate investment trust, its sole general partner 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent, a Lender, a Swingline Lender and an Issuing Bank By s Daniel S. Dyer Name Daniel S. Dyer Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender, as Syndication Agent with respect to Tranche A-2 Term Loan Facility and as Documentation Agent with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility 
 By s Katie Chowdhry Name Katie Chowdhry Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender By s David L. Mahmood Name David L. Mahmood Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, successor to BBVA USA, 
 as a Lender 
 
 By s Paul Jamioucowsiu Name Paul Jamioucowsiu 
 Title Executive Vice President 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

TD BANK, as a Lender and as Documentation Agent 
 
 By s Michael Duganich 
 Name Michael Duganich 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender and as Syndication Agent 
 
 By s Suzanne E. Pickett 
 Name Suzanne E. Pickett 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Revolving Credit Lender, as a Tranche A-1 Term Loan Lender, and as a Tranche A-2 Term Loan Lender 
 
 By s Jessica W. Phillips 
 Name Jessica W. Phillips 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

REGIONS BANK, as a Syndication Agent and as a Lender 
 By s Ghi S. Gavin Name Ghi S. Gavin Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

RAYMOND JAMES BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Alex Sierra Name Alex Sierra 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Lender 
 By s Jake Sigmund Name Jake Sigmund 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

TRUIST BANK, as Lender 
 By s C. Vincent Hughes, Jr. Name C. Vincent Hughes, Jr. 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender 
 By s Charlene Saldanha Name Charlene Saldanha 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender 
 By s vamouroux Name vamouroux 
 Title 
 Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

ANNEX I 
 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 1. 
 RLJ C CHARLESTON HD, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ C NY UPPER EASTSIDE, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C PORTLAND DT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C WAIKIKI, LLC 1. 
 RLJ CABANA MIAMI BEACH, LLC 1. 
 RLJ DBT KEY WEST, LLC 1. 
 RLJ EM IRVINE, LP 1. 
 RLJ EM WALTHAM, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ HP FREMONT, LP 1. 
 RLJ HY ATLANTA MIDTOWN, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN DIEGO, LP 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN JOSE, LP 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN RAMON, LP 1. 
 RLJ HYH WOODLANDS, LP 1. 
 RLJ II C HAMMOND, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II C MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F CHERRY CREEK, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F HAMMOND, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F KEY WEST, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II HA GARDEN CITY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II HA MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II HG MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II - HOLX MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II INDY CAPITOL HOTELS, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II MH DENVER S, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II MH MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II R HAMMOND, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II R HOUSTON GALLERIA, LP 1. 
 RLJ II R LOUISVILLE DT KY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II R MERRILLVILLE, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II RH BOULDER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II RH PLANTATION, LLC 
 Annex I-1 

1. 
 RLJ II SLE MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III EM FORT MYERS, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III EM TAMPA DT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HG NEW ORLEANS CONVENTION CENTER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HGN HOLLYWOOD, LP 1. 
 RLJ III HGN PITTSBURGH, LP 1. 
 RLJ III R NATIONAL HARBOR, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III ST. CHARLES AVE HOTEL, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R ATLANTA MIDTOWN, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ S HILLSBORO, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO, LP 1. 
 RLJ HP WASHINGTON DC, LLC 1. 
 RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ EM IRVINE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HP FREMONT GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN DIEGO GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN JOSE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN RAMON GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH WOODLANDS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II SENIOR MEZZANINE BORROWER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II JUNIOR MEZZANINE BORROWER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II R HOUSTON GALLERIA GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III C BUCKHEAD PARENT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III EM WEST PALM BEACH PARENT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HGN HOLLYWOOD GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HGN PITTSBURGH GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II CR AUSTIN DT, LP 1. 
 RLJ II CR AUSTIN DT GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 
 Annex I-2 

1. 
 RLJ III HS WASHINGTON DC, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R BETHESDA, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II MH LOUISVILLE DT, LLC 1. 
 FELCOR AUSTIN DOWNTOWN HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR TRS BORROWER 4, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB BUCKHEAD HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 BIRMINGHAM ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 BIRMINGHAM HOTEL HOLDO, L.L.C. 1. 
 DEERFIELD BEACH ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 DEERFIELD BEACH HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CSS (SPE), L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CSS HOLDINGS, L.P. 1. 
 FELCOR CSS HOTELS, L.L.C. 1. 
 FT. LAUDERDALE ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FT. LAUDERDALE HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 MIAMI AP HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 MIAMI AP HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR MILPITAS OWNER, L.L.C. 1. 
 MINNEAPOLIS ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 MINNEAPOLIS HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB ORSOUTH HOLDINGS, L.P. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB ORSOUTH HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB SSF HOLDINGS, L.P. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB SSF HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR UNION SQUARE HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 CHARLESTON MILLS HOUSE HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 CHARLESTON MILLS HOUSE HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR JPM HOTELS, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR JPM HOSPITALITY (SPE), L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR JPM HOSPITALITY HOLDCO (SPE), L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR HOTEL OPERATING COMPANY, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR FQ HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR SANTA MONICA OWNER, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR LODGING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 1. 
 RANGERS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RANGERS SUB I, LLC 1. 
 RLJ MACH BOSTON, LLC 

Annex I-3 

Annex I-4 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.34>
 3
 exhibit103412312022.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 

Exhibit 10.34 
 Loan Number 1008459 
 TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
 THIS TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of April 21, 2022, is made by and between RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P., a limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Borrower ), RLJ LODGING TRUST, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Parent Guarantor ), each of the undersigned Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined in the Amended Term Loan Agreement (as defined below)), the Lenders party hereto (the Lenders ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and the financial institutions initially a signatory to the Existing Term Loan Agreement (as defined below) together with their successors and assigns under Section 13.6 of the Existing Term Loan Agreement have entered into that certain Term Loan Agreement dated as of November 20, 2012, as amended by the First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2013, the Second Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2015, the Third Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2015, the Fourth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement and First Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of April 22, 2016, the Fifth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017, the Sixth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2018, the Seventh Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2019, the Eighth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, the Ninth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, the Tenth Amended to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021, and the Eleventh Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2021 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, collectively, the Existing Term Loan Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings provided in the Amended Term Loan Agreement (as defined below) 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor have requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders amend certain terms and conditions of the Existing Term Loan Agreement as described herein and 
 WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party to this Amendment (which Lenders comprise the Requisite Lenders under the Existing Term Loan Agreement) have agreed to so amend certain terms and conditions of the Existing Term Loan Agreement and to make certain agreed upon modifications on the terms and conditions set forth below in this Amendment. 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

1. Amendments to Existing Term Loan Agreement . Effective as set forth in Section 2 below, the Existing Term Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows (the Amended Term Loan Agreement 
 (a) Section 1.1 of the Existing Term Loan Agreement is hereby amended to add the following defined term in the appropriate alphabetical order 
 Minimum Liquidity Amount shall mean One Hundred Fifty Million Dollars 150,000,000), as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 10.12(c)(vii). 
 (b) Section 10.1(d) of the Existing Term Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (d) Minimum Liquidity . At all times during the Leverage Relief Period, but tested as of the end of each calendar month, the sum of (i) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date plus (ii) the aggregate unused and available Revolving Credit Commitments (to the extent available to be drawn at the date of determination) shall not be less than the Minimum Liquidity Amount. 
 (c) Section 10.12(c) of the Existing Term Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the and at the end of clause (v), replacing the period at the end of clause (vi) with a and , and adding the following as a new clause (vii) thereto 
 (vii) Parent Guarantor may repurchase Equity Interests in itself in an amount up to Fifty Million Dollars 50,000,000) so long as such Equity Interests are repurchased with either (x) cash from operations of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, (y) cash on hand of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries so long as such cash is not (A) subject to clause (z), below, Net Proceeds that are required to be applied for another specific purpose pursuant to Section 2.8(b)(iv), or (B) proceeds of any Loan or (z) Net Proceeds received from an Asset Disposition and retained by Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided, however, that the Minimum Liquidity Amount shall automatically increase dollar for dollar, by the total amount expended towards the repurchase of such Equity Interests. 
 2. Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received 
 (i) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders 
 (ii) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Parent Guarantor or the Borrower certifying as to the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a), (b) and (d) of the Amended Term Loan Agreement on the date hereof and after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby 
 (iii) all other fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof, including reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower in connection with this Amendment and 
 2 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

(iv) a copy of a duly executed amendment to each of the Revolving Credit Agreement and the Capital One Term Loan Agreement, consistent with the modifications contemplated hereby. 
 (b) In the good faith and reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent 
 (i) there shall not have occurred or become known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders any event, condition, situation or status since the date of the information contained in the financial and business projections, budgets, pro forma data and forecasts concerning the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the date hereof that has had or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (which determination shall exclude any event or circumstance resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic to the extent that such event or circumstance has been disclosed in writing by the Borrower to Administrative Agent or publicly, or in the public domain) 
 (ii) no litigation, action, suit, investigation or other arbitral, administrative or judicial proceeding shall be pending or threatened in writing which could reasonably be expected to (A) result in a Material Adverse Effect or (B) restrain or enjoin, impose materially burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect, the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to fulfill its obligations under this Amendment and the Loan Documents to which it is a party 
 (iii) the Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall have received all approvals, consents and waivers, and shall have made or given all necessary filings and notices as shall be required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby without the occurrence of any default under, conflict with or violation of (A) any Applicable Law or (B) any material agreement, document or instrument to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any of them or their respective properties is bound and 
 (iv) the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall have provided (i) all information requested by the Administrative Agent and each Lender in order to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify in writing the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of this Amendment, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 3. Intentionally Omitted . 
 4. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower and the Parent Guarantor each hereby certifies that (a) no Default or Event of Default exists as of the date hereof or would exist immediately, in each case, after giving effect to this Amendment (b) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in any Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party are true and correct in all material respects (unless any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, in which event such representation and warranty is true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof, 
 3 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects (unless any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, in which event such representation and warranty was true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances permitted under the Loan Documents (c) no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration or filing with, any third party (other than any required filing with the SEC, which the Borrower agrees to file in a timely manner or filings or recordations required in connection with the perfection of any Lien on the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent) is required in connection with the execution, delivery and carrying out of this Amendment or, if required, has been obtained and (d) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered so that it constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies for the enforcement of certain obligations contained herein and as may be limited by equitable principles generally. The Borrower and the Parent Guarantor each confirms that the Obligations remain outstanding without defense, set off, counterclaim, discount or charge of any kind as of the date of this Amendment. Except as expressly provided herein, this Amendment shall not constitute an amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any provision of any Loan Document, a waiver of any default or Event of Default under any Loan Document, or a waiver or release of any of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent s rights and remedies (all of which are hereby reserved). 
 5. Intentionally Omitted . 
 6. Ratification. Without in any way establishing a course of dealing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor and each Subsidiary Guarantor each hereby reaffirms and confirms its obligations under the Amended Term Loan Agreement, the Guaranty (solely with respect to the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors) and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and each and every such Loan Document executed by the undersigned in connection with the Existing Term Loan Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby reaffirmed, ratified and confirmed. This Amendment is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation. All references to the Existing Term Loan Agreement contained in the above-referenced documents shall be a reference to the Amended Term Loan Agreement and as the same may from time to time hereafter be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. 
 7. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED, AND TO BE FULLY PERFORMED, IN SUCH STATE. 
 8. Counterparts . To facilitate execution, this Amendment and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements may be executed in any number of counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be necessary that the signature of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature of all persons required to bind any party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single document. It shall not be 
 4 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

necessary in making proof of this document to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties hereto. 
 9. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are provided for convenience of reference only and shall not affect its construction or interpretation. 
 10. Miscellaneous . This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the Amended Term Loan Agreement. This Amendment expresses the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. No prior negotiations or discussions shall limit, modify, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any determination that any provision of this Amendment or any application hereof is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect and in any instance shall not affect the validity, legality, or enforceability of such provision in any other instance, or the validity, legality, or enforceability of any other provisions of this Amendment. Each of the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor represents and warrants that it has consulted with independent legal counsel of its selection in connection herewith and is not relying on any representations or warranties of the Administrative Agent or its counsel in entering into this Amendment. 
 11. Litigation Jurisdiction Other Matters Waivers . The terms and provisions of Section 13.5 of the Existing Term Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis , as though fully set forth herein, and the parties hereto agree to such terms. 
 REST OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 5 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their authorized officers all as of the day and year first above written. 
 BORROWER 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
 By RLJ Lodging Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, its sole general partner 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 PARENT GUARANTOR 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST, a Maryland real estate investment trust 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 RLJ III C BUCKHEAD, INC., a Texas corporation 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Treasurer 
 RLJ III EM WEST PALM BEACH, INC., a Texas corporation 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Treasurer 
 FELCOR HOLDINGS TRUST 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title Trustee 
 EACH OF THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS LISTED ON ANNEX I HERETO 
 By RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, the direct or indirect holder of all controlling interests in such Subsidiary Guarantor By RLJ LODGING TRUST, a Maryland real estate investment trust, its sole general partner 
 By s Leslie D. Hale Name Leslie D. Hale Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

By s Daniel S. Dyer Name Daniel S. Dyer Title Director 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agent and as a Lender 
 By s Katie Chowdhry Name Katie Chowdhry Title Senior Vice President 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

CAPITAL ONE, N.A., as Lender 
 By s Jessica W. Phillips Name Jessica W. Phillips 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

REGIONS BANK, as Lender 
 By s Ghi S. Gavin Name Ghi S. Gavin Title Senior Vice President 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

BBVA USA, as a Lender 
 By s Paul Jamioucowsiu Name Paul Jamioucowsiu 
 Title Executive Vice President 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

RAYMOND JAMES BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Alex Sierra Name Alex Sierra 
 Title Vice President 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Lender 
 By s Jake Sigmund Name Jake Sigmund 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signatures Continued on Next Page 
 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

TRUIST BANK, f k a BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY, as Lender 
 By s C. Vincent Hughes, Jr. Name C. Vincent Hughes, Jr. 
 Title Director 
 RLJ Twelfth Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

ANNEX I SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 1. 
 RLJ C CHARLESTON HD, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ C NY UPPER EASTSIDE, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C PORTLAND DT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C WAIKIKI, LLC 1. 
 RLJ CABANA MIAMI BEACH, LLC 1. 
 RLJ DBT KEY WEST, LLC 1. 
 RLJ EM IRVINE, LP 1. 
 RLJ EM WALTHAM, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ HP FREMONT, LP 1. 
 RLJ HY ATLANTA MIDTOWN, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN DIEGO, LP 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN JOSE, LP 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN RAMON, LP 1. 
 RLJ HYH WOODLANDS, LP 1. 
 RLJ II C HAMMOND, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II C MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F CHERRY CREEK, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F HAMMOND, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F KEY WEST, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II F MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II HA GARDEN CITY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II HA MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II HG MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II - HOLX MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II INDY CAPITOL HOTELS, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II MH DENVER S, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II MH MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II R HAMMOND, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II R HOUSTON GALLERIA, LP 1. 
 RLJ II R LOUISVILLE DT KY, LLC 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

1. 
 RLJ II R MERRILLVILLE, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II RH BOULDER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II RH PLANTATION, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II SLE MIDWAY, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III EM FORT MYERS, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III EM TAMPA DT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HG NEW ORLEANS CONVENTION CENTER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HGN HOLLYWOOD, LP 1. 
 RLJ III HGN PITTSBURGH, LP 1. 
 RLJ III R NATIONAL HARBOR, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III ST. CHARLES AVE HOTEL, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R ATLANTA MIDTOWN, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ S HILLSBORO, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO, LP 1. 
 RLJ HP WASHINGTON DC, LLC 1. 
 RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP 1. 
 RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ EM IRVINE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HP FREMONT GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN DIEGO GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN JOSE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH SAN RAMON GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HYH WOODLANDS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II SENIOR MEZZANINE BORROWER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II JUNIOR MEZZANINE BORROWER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II R HOUSTON GALLERIA GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III C BUCKHEAD PARENT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III EM WEST PALM BEACH PARENT, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HGN HOLLYWOOD GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

1. 
 RLJ III HGN PITTSBURGH GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II CR AUSTIN DT, LP 1. 
 RLJ II CR AUSTIN DT GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 1. 
 RLJ III HS WASHINGTON DC, LLC 1. 
 RLJ R BETHESDA, LLC 1. 
 RLJ II MH LOUISVILLE DT, LLC 1. 
 FELCOR AUSTIN DOWNTOWN HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR TRS BORROWER 4, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB BUCKHEAD HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 BIRMINGHAM ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 BIRMINGHAM HOTEL HOLDO, L.L.C. 1. 
 DEERFIELD BEACH ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 DEERFIELD BEACH HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CSS (SPE), L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CSS HOLDINGS, L.P. 1. 
 FELCOR CSS HOTELS, L.L.C. 1. 
 FT. LAUDERDALE ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FT. LAUDERDALE HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 MIAMI AP HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 MIAMI AP HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR MILPITAS OWNER, L.L.C. 1. 
 MINNEAPOLIS ES HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 MINNEAPOLIS HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB ORSOUTH HOLDINGS, L.P. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB ORSOUTH HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB SSF HOLDINGS, L.P. 1. 
 FELCOR CMB SSF HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR UNION SQUARE HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 CHARLESTON MILLS HOUSE HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 CHARLESTON MILLS HOUSE HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR JPM HOTELS, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR JPM HOSPITALITY (SPE), L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR JPM HOSPITALITY HOLDCO (SPE), L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR HOTEL OPERATING COMPANY, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR FQ HOTEL, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR SANTA MONICA OWNER, L.L.C. 1. 
 FELCOR LODGING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 1. 
 RANGERS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 
 NAI-1529661305v2 

1. 
 RANGERS SUB I, LLC 1. 
 RLJ MACH BOSTON, LLC 

NAI-1529661305v2 

NAI-1529661305v2 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit21112312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries of RLJ Lodging Trust 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P. RLJ LODGING TRUST LIMITED PARTNER, LLC RLJ LODGING ACQUISITIONS, LLC RLJ LODGING TRUST MASTER TRS, INC. RLJ LODGING II REIT SUB, LLC RLJ REAL ESTATE III REIT SUB, LLC RLJ ART NASHVILLE LESSEE, LLC RLJ ART NASHVILLE, LLC RLJ C CHARLESTON HD LESSEE, LLC RLJ C CHARLESTON HD, LLC RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE LESSEE, LP RLJ C HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP RLJ C NY UPPER EASTSIDE LESSEE, LLC RLJ C NY UPPER EASTSIDE, LLC RLJ C PORTLAND DT LESSEE, LLC RLJ C PORTLAND DT, LLC RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO LESSEE, LP RLJ C SAN FRANCISCO, LP RLJ C WAIKIKI LESSEE, LLC RLJ C WAIKIKI, LLC RLJ CABANA MIAMI BEACH LESSEE, LLC RLJ CABANA MIAMI BEACH, LLC RLJ DBT KEY WEST CONDOS, LLC RLJ DBT KEY WEST LESSEE, LLC RLJ DBT KEY WEST, LLC RLJ EM IRVINE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ EM IRVINE LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ EM IRVINE LESSEE, LP RLJ EM IRVINE, LP RLJ EM WALTHAM LESSEE, LLC RLJ EM WALTHAM, LLC RLJ HA ATLANTA MIDTOWN LESSEE, LLC 
 RLJ HA ATLANTA MIDTOWN, LLC 
 RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE LESSEE, LP RLJ HGN EMERYVILLE, LP RLJ HP FREMONT GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HP FREMONT LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HP FREMONT LESSEE, LP RLJ HP FREMONT, LP 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 RLJ HP MADISON DT LESSEE, LLC RLJ HP MADISON DT, LLC RLJ HP WASHINGTON DC LESSEE, LLC RLJ HP WASHINGTON DC, LLC RLJ HS SEATTLE LYNNWOOD LESSEE, LLC RLJ HS SEATTLE LYNNWOOD, LLC RLJ HY ATLANTA MIDTOWN, LLC RLJ HY ATLANTA MIDTOWN LESSEE, LLC RLJ HyH CHARLOTTE LESSEE, LLC RLJ HyH CHARLOTTE, LLC RLJ HyH CYPRESS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH CYPRESS LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH CYPRESS LESSEE, LP RLJ HyH CYPRESS, LP RLJ HyH EMERYVILLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH EMERYVILLE LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH EMERYVILLE LESSEE, LP RLJ HyH EMERYVILLE, LP RLJ HyH SAN DIEGO GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SAN DIEGO LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SAN DIEGO LESSEE, LP RLJ HyH SAN DIEGO, LP RLJ HyH SAN JOSE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SAN JOSE LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SAN JOSE LESSEE, LP RLJ HyH SAN JOSE, LP RLJ HyH SAN RAMON LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SAN RAMON GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SAN RAMON LESSEE, LP RLJ HyH SAN RAMON, LP RLJ HyH SANTA CLARA GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SANTA CLARA LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH SANTA CLARA LESSEE, LP RLJ HyH SANTA CLARA, LP RLJ HyH WOODLANDS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH WOODLANDS LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ HyH WOODLANDS LESSEE, LP RLJ HyH WOODLANDS, LP RLJ II - C AUSTIN DT LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - C AUSTIN DT LESSEE, LP RLJ II - C CHICAGO MAG MILE LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - C CHICAGO MAG MILE, LLC RLJ II - C HOUSTON GALLERIA GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - C HOUSTON GALLERIA, L.P. RLJ II - C HOUSTON GALLERIA LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - C HOUSTON GALLERIA LESSEE, L.P. RLJ II - C INDY CAPITOL LESSEE, LLC 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 RLJ II - C MIDWAY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - C MIDWAY, LLC RLJ II - CR AUSTIN DT GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - CR AUSTIN DT, LP RLJ II - EM DOWNEY GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - EM DOWNEY LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - EM DOWNEY LESSEE, LP RLJ II - EM DOWNEY, LP RLJ II - F CHERRY CREEK LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - F CHERRY CREEK, LLC RLJ II - F KEY WEST LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - F KEY WEST, LLC RLJ II - F MIDWAY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - F MIDWAY, LLC RLJ II - HA GARDEN CITY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - HA GARDEN CITY, LLC RLJ II - HA MIDWAY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - HA MIDWAY, LLC RLJ II - HG MIDWAY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - HG MIDWAY, LLC RLJ II - HOLX MIDWAY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - HOLX MIDWAY, LLC RLJ II - INDY CAPITOL HOTELS, LLC RLJ II - MH DENVER S LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - MH DENVER S, LLC RLJ II - MH LOUISVILLE DT LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - MH LOUISVILLE DT, LLC RLJ II - MH MIDWAY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - MH MIDWAY, LLC RLJ II - MIDWAY PARKING, LLC RLJ II - MIDWAY RESTAURANT LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - MIDWAY RESTAURANT, LLC RLJ II - R AUSTIN DT LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - R AUSTIN DT LESSEE, LP RLJ II - R HOUSTON GALLERIA GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - R HOUSTON GALLERIA LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ II - R HOUSTON GALLERIA LESSEE, LP RLJ II - R HOUSTON GALLERIA, LP RLJ II - R INDY CANAL LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - R LOUISVILLE DT KY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - R LOUISVILLE DT KY, LLC RLJ II - R MERRILLVILLE LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - R MERRILLVILLE, LLC RLJ II - RH BOULDER LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - RH BOULDER, LLC RLJ II - RH PLANTATION LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - RH PLANTATION, LLC 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 RLJ II - SLE MIDWAY LESSEE, LLC RLJ II - SLE MIDWAY, LLC RLJ II JUNIOR MEZZANINE BORROWER, LLC RLJ II JUNIOR MEZZANINE LESSEE, LLC RLJ II SENIOR MEZZANINE BORROWER, LLC RLJ II SENIOR MEZZANINE LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - C BUCKHEAD, INC RLJ III - C BUCKHEAD LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - C BUCKHEAD PARENT, LLC RLJ III - EM FORT MYERS, LLC RLJ III - EM FORT MYERS LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - EM TAMPA DT, LLC RLJ III - EM TAMPA DT LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - EM WEST PALM BEACH, INC. RLJ III - EM WEST PALM BEACH LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - EM WEST PALM BEACH PARENT, LLC RLJ III - F WASHINGTON DC, LLC RLJ III - F WASHINGTON DC LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - HG NEW ORLEANS CONVENTION CENTER LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - HG NEW ORLEANS CONVENTION CENTER, LLC RLJ III - HGN HOLLYWOOD GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ III - HGN HOLLYWOOD LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ III - HGN HOLLYWOOD LESSEE, LP RLJ III - HGN HOLLYWOOD, LP RLJ III - HGN PITTSBURGH GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ III - HGN PITTSBURGH LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ III - HGN PITTSBURGH LESSEE, LP RLJ III - HGN PITTSBURGH, LP RLJ III - HS WASHINGTON DC, LLC RLJ III - HS WASHINGTON DC LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - R NATIONAL HARBOR LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - R NATIONAL HARBOR, LLC RLJ III - RH PITTSBURGH GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ III - RH PITTSBURGH LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ III - RH PITTSBURGH LESSEE, LP RLJ III - RH PITTSBURGH, LP RLJ III - ST. CHARLES AVE HOTEL LESSEE, LLC RLJ III - ST. CHARLES AVE HOTEL, LLC RLJ MACH BOSTON LESSEE, LLC 
 RLJ MACH BOSTON, LLC 
 RLJ MX CHERRY CREEK LESSEE, LLC 
 RLJ MX CHERRY CREEK, LLC 
 RLJ R ATLANTA MIDTOWN LESSEE, LLC RLJ R ATLANTA MIDTOWN, LLC RLJ R BETHESDA LESSEE, LLC RLJ R BETHESDA, LLC RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE LESSEE, LP RLJ R HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP RLJ R LOS ALTOS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ R LOS ALTOS LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ R LOS ALTOS LESSEE, LP RLJ R LOS ALTOS, LP RLJ S HILLSBORO LESSEE, LLC RLJ S HILLSBORO, LLC RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE LESSEE GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE LESSEE, LP RLJ S HOUSTON HUMBLE, LP RANGERS SUB I, LLC RANGERS GENERAL PARTNER, LLC RLJ LODGING FUND II ACQUISITIONS, LLC RLJ REAL ESTATE FUND III ACQUISITIONS, LLC BHR OPERATIONS, L.L.C. BIRMINGHAM ES HOTEL, L.L.C. BIRMINGHAM ES LEASING, L.L.C. BIRMINGHAM HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. BIRMINGHAM LEASING HOLDCO, L.L.C. 
 CHARLESTON MILLS HOUSE HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. CHARLESTON MILLS HOUSE HOTEL, L.L.C. CHARLESTON MILLS HOUSE LESSEE, L.L.C. DEERFIELD BEACH ES HOTEL, L.L.C. DEERFIELD BEACH ES LEASING, L.L.C. DEERFIELD BEACH HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. DEERFIELD BEACH LEASING HOLDCO, L.L.C. DJONT OPERATIONS, L.L.C. DJONT CMB BUCKHEAD LEASING, L.L.C. DJONT CMB ORSOUTH LEASING, L.L.C. DJONT CMB SSF LEASING, L.L.C. DJONT JPM HOSPITALITY LEASING (SPE), L.L.C. DJONT JPM HOSPITALITY LEASING HOLDCO (SPE), L.L.C. DJONT JPM LEASING, L.L.C. DJONT JPM PHOENIX LEASING, L.L.C. FCH HH KNICKERBOCKER LEASING, L.L.C. FCH HH KNICKERBOCKER OWNER, L.P. FELCOR AUSTIN DOWNTOWN HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR AUSTIN DOWNTOWN LESSEE, L.L.C. FELCOR CHAT-LEM, L.L.C. FELCOR DALLAS LOVE FIELD OWNER, L.L.C. FELCOR FQ HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR FQ LESSEE, L.L.C. FELCOR HOLDINGS TRUST FELCOR HOTEL ASSET COMPANY, L.L.C. 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 FELCOR HOTEL OPERATING COMPANY, L.L.C. FELCOR LAX LESSEE, L.L.C. FELCOR LODGING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP FELCOR MILPITAS OWNER, L.L.C. FELCOR PENNSYLVANIA COMPANY, L.L.C. FELCOR SANTA MONICA LESSEE, L.L.C. FELCOR SANTA MONICA OWNER, L.L.C. FELCOR TRS BORROWER 4, L.L.C. FELCOR TRS HOLDINGS, L.L.C. FELCOR UNION SQUARE HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR UNION SQUARE LESSEE, L.L.C. FELCOR CMB BUCKHEAD HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR CMB ORSOUTH HOLDINGS, L.P. FELCOR CMB ORSOUTH HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR CMB SSF HOLDINGS, L.P. FELCOR CMB SSF HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR CSS (SPE), L.L.C. FELCOR CSS HOLDINGS, L.P. FELCOR CSS HOTELS, L.L.C. 
 FELCOR IOWA-NEW ORLEANS CHAT-LEM HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR JPM HOSPITALITY (SPE), L.L.C. FELCOR JPM HOSPITALITY HOLDCO (SPE), L.L.C. FELCOR JPM HOTELS, L.L.C. FELCOR JPM PHOENIX HOTEL, L.L.C. FELCOR LAX HOTELS, L.L.C. FT. LAUDERDALE ES HOTEL, L.L.C. FT. LAUDERDALE ES LEASING, L.L.C. FT. LAUDERDALE HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. FT. LAUDERDALE LEASING HOLDCO, L.L.C. HI CHAT-LEM IOWA-NEW ORLEANS VENTURE KNICKERBOCKER HOLDING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. KNICKERBOCKER HOTEL OWNER GP, L.L.C. KNICKERBOCKER HOTEL OWNER, L.L.C. KNICKERBOCKER LEASING HOLDCO GP, L.L.C. KNICKERBOCKER LEASING HOLDCO, L.L.C. KNICKERBOCKER MASTER LESSEE, L.P. KNICKERBOCKER TRS, L.L.C. LOVEFIELD BEVERAGE CORPORATION MIAMI AP HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. MIAMI AP HOTEL, L.L.C. MINNEAPOLIS ES HOTEL, L.L.C. MINNEAPOLIS ES LEASING, L.L.C. MINNEAPOLIS HOTEL HOLDCO, L.L.C. MINNEAPOLIS LEASING HOLDCO, L.L.C. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-259067 and No. 333-259068) and Form S-8 (No. 333-203947 and No. 333 - 255753) of RLJ Lodging Trust of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Washington, D.C. 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Leslie D. Hale, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RLJ Lodging Trust 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST Dated February 28, 2023 s LESLIE D. HALE Leslie D. Hale President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Sean M. Mahoney, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RLJ Lodging Trust 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST Dated February 28, 2023 s SEAN M. MAHONEY Sean M. Mahoney Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of RLJ Lodging Trust (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Leslie D. Hale, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Sean M. Mahoney, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, to our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 RLJ LODGING TRUST Dated February 28, 2023 s LESLIE D. HALE Leslie D. Hale President and Chief Executive Officer s SEAN M. MAHONEY Sean M. Mahoney Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rlj-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 rlj-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rlj-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rlj-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rlj-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

