<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1319947_0001319947-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23595334</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>378386</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>13361475</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4904944</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2496198</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2215303</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001319947-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316160604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001319947-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Designer Brands Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001319947
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-SHOE STORES [5661]
		IRS NUMBER:				310746639
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0129

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32545
		FILM NUMBER:		23738779

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		810 DSW DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(614) 872-1473

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		810 DSW DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DSW Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050307

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001319947-23-000014.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 dsw-20230128.htm
 10-K

dsw-20230128 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange 
 Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's Class A common shares held by non-affiliates of the regist rant as of July 30, 2022, was . 
 
 Number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of March 9, 2023: Class A common shares and Class B common shares. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

DESIGNER BRANDS INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I Item 1 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 Item 2 Properties 
 19 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 PART II Item 5 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 21 
 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 32 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 38 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 63 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 63 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 63 
 Item 9C Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 63 
 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 64 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 64 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 64 
 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 64 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 64 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 
 SIGNATURES 
 68 

All references to "we," "us," "our," "Designer Brands," "Designer Brands Inc.," or the "Company" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 (this "Form 10-K") mean Designer Brands Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 We own many trademarks and service marks. This Form 10-K may contain trademarks, trade dress, and tradenames of other companies. Use or display of other parties' trademarks, trade dress or tradenames is not intended to and does not imply a relationship with the trademark, trade dress or tradename owner. 
 
 We have included certain website addresses throughout this Form 10-K as inactive textual references only. The information contained on the websites referenced herein is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. 
 
 i 

Table of contents 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information for Purposes of the "Safe Harbor" Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 
 Certain statements in this Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as "outlook," "could," "believes," "expects," "potential," "continues," "may," "will," "should," "would," "seeks," "approximately," "predicts," "intends," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," or the negative version of those words or other comparable words. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based upon current plans, estimates, expectations and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The inclusion of any forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. Such forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In addition to other factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including those factors described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors , there are a number of important factors that could cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements that include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 uncertain general economic conditions, including inflationary pressures and rising interest rates, and the related impacts to consumer discretionary spending, as well as supply chain disruptions and pressures; 
 risks and uncertainties related to the ongoing coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic, any future COVID-19 resurgence, and any other adverse public health developments; 
 our ability to anticipate and respond to fashion trends, consumer preferences and changing customer expectations; 
 our ability to maintain strong relationships with our vendors, manufacturers, licensors, and retailer customers; 
 risks related to losses or disruptions associated with our distribution systems, including our distribution centers and stores, whether as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, reliance on third-party providers, or otherwise; 
 our ability to manage our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") transition, retain our existing management team, and continue to attract qualified new personnel; 
 risks related to cyber security threats and privacy or data security breaches or the potential loss or disruption of our information technology ("IT") systems; 
 risks related to the implementation of an enterprise resource planning system ("ERP") software solution and other IT systems; 
 our reliance on our loyalty programs and marketing to drive traffic, sales, and customer loyalty; 
 our ability to protect our reputation and to maintain the brands we license; 
 our competitiveness with respect to style, price, brand availability, and customer service; 
 risks related to our international operations, including international trade, our reliance on foreign sources for merchandise, exposure to political, economic, operational, compliance and other risks, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to comply with privacy laws and regulations, as well as other legal obligations; 
 domestic and global political and social conditions and the potential impact of geopolitical turmoil or conflict; 
 risks associated with climate change and other corporate responsibility issues; and 
 uncertainties related to future legislation, regulatory reform, policy changes, or interpretive guidance on existing legislation. 
 
 If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results, performance, or achievements may vary materially from what we have projected. Furthermore, new factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such factors, nor can management assess the impact of any such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 
 ii 

Table of contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Designer Brands Inc., originally founded as DSW Inc., is one of the world's largest designers, producers, and retailers of footwear and accessories. We operate in three reportable segments: the U.S. Retail segment, the Canada Retail segment, and the Brand Portfolio segment. The U.S. Retail segment operates the DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse ("DSW") banner through its direct-to-consumer U.S. stores and e-commerce site. The Canada Retail segment operates The Shoe Company and DSW banners through its direct-to-consumer Canada stores and e-commerce sites. Together, the U.S. Retail and Canada Retail segments are referred to as the "retail segments." The Brand Portfolio segment earns revenue from the wholesale of products to retailers and international distributors, commissions for serving retailers as the design and buying agent for products under private labels (referred to as "First Cost"), and the sale of branded products through our direct-to-consumer e-commerce sites at www.vincecamuto.com and www.topoathletic.com. 
 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31. References to a fiscal year (e.g., "2022") refer to the calendar year in which the fiscal year begins. This reporting schedule is followed by many national retail companies and typically results in a 52-week fiscal year, but occasionally will contain an additional week resulting in a 53-week fiscal year (including 2023). 
 
 RETAIL SEGMENTS 
 
 BANNERS 
 
 We offer a wide assortment of dress, casual, and athletic footwear and accessories for women, men and kids, with a significant number of our products geared toward athletic and kids. 
 DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse- Our DSW banner, which is offered both in the United States ("U.S.") and in Canada, is the destination for on-trend and fashion-forward footwear and accessory brands at a great value every single day, offering a wide assortment of dress, casual, and athletic footwear and accessories for women, men and kids. 
 The Shoe Company- The Shoe Company banner in Canada offers on-trend footwear and accessory brands that target every-day family styles at a great value every single day. 
 
 Our e-commerce platforms offer customers convenient, 24/7 access to our products through our websites, www.dsw.com, www.dsw.ca, and www.theshoecompany.ca, with mobile-optimized sites, and our mobile DSW application. Our omni-channel capabilities allow customers to order a wide range of styles, sizes, widths and categories. Online orders in the U.S. and Canada can be fulfilled from any one of our stores. Online orders from the U.S. can also be fulfilled from our distribution center located in New Jersey, which is a shared facility with the Brand Portfolio segment ("East Coast Logistics Center"), or directly from our vendors (referred to as "drop ship"). Our order routing optimization system determines the best location to fulfill digitally-demanded products, which allows us to optimize our operating profit. To further meet customer demand of how they receive products, we provide our customers options to Buy Online Pick Up in Store, Buy Online Ship to Store, and Curbside Pickup in the majority of our locations. Likewise, returns may be shipped to us or brought back to any of our locations. 
 
 ASSORTMENT 
 
 We sell a large assortment of national brands and brands we have rights to sell through ownership or license arrangements, which we refer to as "Owned Brands." During 2022, we made progress in our long-term goal of doubling the net sales from our Owned Brands by 2026 (using 2021 net sales as a baseline), while maintaining our net sales from national brands. We expect this long-term goal will result in approximately one-third of our total net sales coming from Owned Brands by 2026. We believe that increasing net sales from our Owned Brands products will not only drive growth and expand our gross margin, but will also elevate our presence as a brand builder. In addition to disaggregating our net sales between Owned Brands and national brands, we disaggregate our net sales into four primary categories: women's footwear, men's footwear, kids' footwear, and accessories and other. Refer to Note 3 , Revenue , of the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K, for the disaggregation of total net sales. 
 
 1 

Table of contents 

 The following table presents certain data about the sourcing of our merchandise: 
 2022 2021 Number of unrelated third-party merchandise vendors at end of fiscal year 420 440 Percentage of purchases from: Brand Portfolio segment, including wholesale purchases and First Cost sourced Owned Brands 8 9 Top three national brand vendors 22 20 
 
 LOYALTY PROGRAMS 
 
 We invite customers to join our VIP rewards programs, which enable members to earn points toward discounts on future purchases. Our VIP rewards programs provides timely customer insights and creates stronger customer engagement, while driving a higher-than-average level of customer spend. 
 
 The following table presents the number of members enrolled in our loyalty programs that have made a purchase over the prior two years and the percentage of retail segments' net sales generated from these members: 
 2022 2021 Number of VIP members at end of fiscal year (in millions) 32.1 28.2 Percentage of retail segments' net sales generated from VIP members 89 87 
 
 DISTRIBUTION AND FULFILLMENT 
 
 For our U.S. Retail segment operations, the majority of our inventory is shipped directly from suppliers to our distribution center, which is located in Columbus, Ohio, and a West Coast facility that is operated by a third party, where the inventory is then processed, sorted, and shipped to one of our pool locations located throughout the country, and then on to the stores. Our inventory can also be shipped directly to our customers from our East Coast Logistics Center . For our Canada Retail segment, we engage a logistics service provider to receive and distribute inventory to our stores. Through our ship-from-store capability, both in the U.S. and in Canada, inventory is shipped directly from our stores to customers. Through our U.S. drop ship program, inventory is shipped from our vendors' warehouses directly to our customers. 
 
 Inventory management is important to our business, we manage our inventory levels based on anticipated sales and the delivery requirements of our customers. Our inventory management strategy is focused on continuing to meet consumer demand, while improving our efficiency over the long term by enhancing systems and processes. 
 
 BRAND PORTFOLIO SEGMENT 
 
 Our Brand Portfolio segment designs, develops, and sources in-season fashion footwear and accessories for the sale of wholesale merchandise to our retail segments and our other retailer customers. Our First Cost model earns commission-based income for serving retailers as their design and buying agent, while leveraging our overall design and sourcing infrastructure. In addition, we sell our branded products on a direct-to-consumer e-commerce site at www.vincecamuto.com. Refer to Note 3 , Revenue , of the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K, for the Brand Portfolio segment's total net sales attributable to each channel. The Brand Portfolio segment has four customers that make up approximately 53 of its total net sales, excluding intersegment net sales. The loss of any or all of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Brand Portfolio segment. 
 
 2 

Table of contents 

 LICENSING RIGHTS 
 
 Our equity investments in ABG-Camuto, LLC ("ABG-Camuto") and Le Tigre 360 Global LLC ("Le Tigre") are an integral part of the Brand Portfolio segment. In partnership with Authentic Brands Group LLC, a global brand management and marketing company, we have a 40 ownership interest in ABG-Camuto, a joint venture that owns the intellectual property rights of Vince Camuto and others. ABG-Camuto is responsible for the growth and marketing of the brands held by the joint venture. We have entered into a licensing agreement with ABG-Camuto, whereby we pay royalties to ABG-Camuto based on the sales of licensed products, subject to guaranteed minimums. ABG-Camuto also earns royalties on sales from third parties that license the brand names to produce non-footwear product categories. In July 2022, we acquired a 33.3 ownership interest in Le Tigre, which manages the Le Tigre brand, for 8.2 million. We entered into a license agreement with Le Tigre, whereby we pay royalties on our net sales from the Le Tigre brand, subject to guaranteed minimums. The license agreement provides for the exclusive right to design, source, and sell Le Tigre branded footwear . W e recognize equity investments and earnings under the equity method within the Brand Portfolio segment. In addition, we own the licensing rights for footwear of the Jessica Simpson brand and for footwear and handbags of the Lucky Brand. 
 
 SOURCING AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
 We source each of our product lines based on the individual design, style and quality specifications of the products. Our Brand Portfolio segment does not own or operate manufacturing facilities; rather, we use our sourcing offices in China and Brazil to procure our products from third-party manufacturers. Prior to production, our sourcing offices inspect samples and prototypes of each style and monitor the quality of the production process. We manage our inventory levels based on existing orders and anticipated sales. 
 
 The manufacturers of our products are required to meet our quality, human rights, local compliance, safety, and other standard requirements. These vendors are expected to respect local laws, rules, and regulations of the countries in which they operate and have pledged to follow the standards set forth in the Company's Vendor Code of Conduct, which details our dedication to human rights, labor rights, environmental responsibility, and workplace safety. The majority of our wholesale inventory is shipped directly from factories in foreign countries to our East Coast Logistics Center, where the inventory is then processed, sorted, and provided to our customers' shipping carriers. 
 
 The following table presents the percentages of the Brand Portfolio segment's merchandise units sourced by country: 
 2022 2021 China 76 75 Vietnam 9 9 Brazil 9 11 All other foreign locations 6 5 
 
 ACQUISITIONS 
 
 On December 13, 2022, we acquired a 79.4 ownership interest in Topo Athletic LLC ("Topo") for 19.1 million. Topo is a designer of specialty athletic footwear that sells its Topo branded products at wholesale to retailers and international distributors and through its direct-to-consumer e-commerce site at www.topoathletic.com. The Topo acquisition provides us with expanded capabilities within the athletic footwear market. 
 
 On February 4, 2023, we acquired the Keds business, including the Keds brand, inventory, and inventory-related accounts payable, from Wolverine World Wide, Inc. for 123.3 million. The Keds business designs, sources, and sells branded footwear and earns revenue from the wholesale of products to retailers in the U.S. and Canada, the wholesale of products to international distributors, and the sale of branded products through direct-to-consumer e-commerce sites in the U.S. and Canada. We will account for the acquisition and include the results of the Keds business in our Brand Portfolio segment beginning with our first quarter of 2023. 
 
 3 

Table of contents 

 COMPETITION 
 
 The footwear market is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete against a diverse group of manufacturers and retailers, including department stores, mall-based shoe stores, national chains, independent shoe retailers, single-brand specialty retailers, online shoe retailers, brand-oriented discounters, multi-channel specialty retailers, and brand suppliers. In addition, our wholesale retailer customers sell shoes purchased from competing footwear suppliers with brands that are well known. 
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER TRANSITION 
 
 In January 2023, we announced our planned succession process relating to the Company's CEO role, whereby our current CEO, Roger Rawlins, will step down from his role as CEO and as a member of the Board of Directors effective April 1, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors, at which time Doug Howe, who currently serves as Executive Vice President of the Company and President of DSW, will assume the CEO role and join the Board of Directors as a Class II director. To assist in facilitating a smooth transition, Mr. Rawlins will remain employed under the terms of a transition and consulting agreement through April 1, 2023 and, for the 12-month period thereafter, will serve as a strategic advisor to the Company and the Board of Directors. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 We believe the strength of our workforce is critical to our success. Our associates strive every day to create a welcoming and inclusive environment for themselves and our customers. One of our core strategies is to invest in and support our associates who are key to differentiating our products and experiences in the competitive footwear market. We monitor and adapt as necessary to maintain our competitive position, including the following areas of focus: 
 
 WORKFORCE 
 
 Our key human capital management objectives are to attract, develop, advance, and retain the highest quality talent. To support these objectives, our human resources programs aim to: 
 develop associates to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions for the future; 
 reward and support associates through competitive pay, benefits, and perquisite programs; 
 enhance our culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive; 
 acquire talent and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing, diverse workforce; 
 embrace hybrid and remote work arrangements where possible to utilize flexibility as a competitive advantage; and 
 evolve and invest in technology, tools, and resources to support our associates at work. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, we employed approximately 14,000 people worldwide, 12,000 of whom are employed in the U.S. 
 
 TOTAL REWARDS 
 
 To remain an employer of choice and maintain the strength of our workforce, we continually assess the current business environment and labor market to refine our compensation practices, benefit programs, and other associate resources. We have a history of investing in our workforce and offer comprehensive, relevant, and innovative benefits to eligible associates in the U.S. 
 
 Compensation 
 We strive to provide market competitive wages and salaries, targeting the middle of the market in most cases. 
 We establish a minimum starting pay rate for each U.S. store that exceeds applicable minimum wage requirements. 
 To compete for local distribution center talent, we provide a peak season incentive bonus and continually monitor local pay practices. 
 Our incentive plans provide additional cash compensation upon the achievement of results that exceed defined Company goals and are available to eligible store management, distribution center, and corporate support center associates. 
 We provide stock-based, long-term incentives for senior executives through the director level that align with the interests of shareholders. 
 We provide retirement benefits through our 401(k) plan, with employer matching contributions up to 4 of associate contributions. 
 4 

Table of contents 

Health Wellness 
 For most of 2022, we continued the COVID-19 paid leave policy that provided up to one week of pay for associates who contracted the virus, were involuntarily quarantined, were experiencing side effects from obtaining a vaccine, or were without work due to changes in store hours because of direct or indirect impacts of the virus. The policy was deemed to no longer be necessary in October 2022; however, we continue to follow all applicable COVID-19 local paid leave regulations. 
 In 2022, we added a new paid time off benefit for our approximately 9,000 U.S. part-time associates that enables them to take time off with pay if sick, to care for a family member, or to enjoy a break from work. 
 In 2022, we added a medical access travel benefit that reimburses up to 4,000 per year for eligible travel expenses when it is necessary for an associate or dependent enrolled in a medical plan to travel 100 miles or more from home to obtain access to covered medical care. 
 Comprehensive health insurance coverage is available to all full-time associates through multiple medical plans, which also include prescription and vision insurance. Dental coverage is also available. 
 Other benefits provided to associates and their dependents who are enrolled in a medical plan include the following: 
 Concierge care coordinators and nurses who can assist with clinical support for health conditions, locate high quality doctors, advocate to resolve insurance billing issues, connect members to available community resources, and answer member benefit questions. 
 Free unlimited telemedicine access to U.S. board-certified physicians, via phone or video, for general medical, dermatology, and mental health services. 
 Specialty prescription drug medications with most at no cost to enrolled associates and their dependents. 
 Fertility services that provide concierge support and access to leading fertility centers of excellence across the nation. Our medical plan covers up to two cycles of IVF or other fertility services in addition to necessary fertility medication and testing. 
 Maternity program that provides resources and support to expecting mothers through expert nurse care coordinators throughout their pregnancies. 
 Multiple types of paid leave are provided at no cost to associates. Full-time associates receive short-term disability income replacement pay, as well as paid parental leave, and jury duty pay. All associates are eligible for military pay and bereavement pay. 
 Voluntary benefits (long-term disability, accident, hospital indemnity, and critical illness) and flexible spending accounts are available to full-time associates to support their financial needs. 
 Free counseling is available to all associates, their dependents, and their family members 24/7/365, including access to licensed counselors, work/life balance support, and bereavement specialists. 
 Free legal help is available to all associates in areas such as civil/criminal needs, family disputes, immigration law, landlord/tenant issues, and basic document preparation. 
 Free financial help, including debt counseling, lease/purchase guidance, taxes, financial planning, and college funding, is available to all associates. 
 Adoption assistance is available to all full-time associates with reimbursement up to 10,000 of eligible exp enses for each adoption. 
 Free accredited, general education college courses, as well as discounted tuition offerings through multiple partner schools, are available to all associates. 
 Up to 5,250 in tuition reimbursement per year i s available to all full-time associates to provide the opportunity to take classes or earn a degree. 
 Up to seven days of free backup childcare per year is provided to all full-time associates who need emergency childcare services for any reason. 
 All associates are provided free access to a national resource network to locate babysitters and nannies, who have been cleared by a background check, as well as discounts on tutoring, day care centers, and pet sitters. 
 Discounts on DSW, American Eagle Outfitters/Aerie, and American Signature/Value City Furniture products are available to all associates. 
 Associate accomplishments and work anniversaries, starting with one year of service, are recognized and rewarded through our "Inspire Greatness" recognition program. 
 
 5 

Table of contents 

 TALENT DEVELOPMENT 
 
 To help our associates succeed in their roles, we emphasize continuous learning and development opportunities. Training provided through our online learning platform includes nearly 250 resources such as videos, self-paced on-demand learning, and virtual instructor-led sessions. A wide variety of resources are designed to address the needs of our entire workforce, from entry-level associates to our most senior executives. During 2022, 11,500 associates completed approximately 100,000 learning experiences through our online learning platfor m. We invest resources in professional development and growth as a means of improving associate performance, engagement, and retention. We believe that our continued focus on frequent and constructive performance feedback, talent reviews, succession planning, and retention, have contributed to a strong internal promotion rate. 
 
 PHILANTHROPY THROUGH DBI GIVES 
 
 The Company is committed to good corporate citizenship. Not only do we strive to create positive impacts within our organization, but we aim to better the communities in which we conduct business through DBI Gives, our philanthropic community interest group. DBI Gives' mission is to inspire community involvement and enhance associate engagement and has three main areas of focus: 
 1. Empowerment - Support organizations that prioritize empowerment and build self-confidence without discrimination. 
 2. Diversity, Equity Inclusion - Support organizations whose key constituents align with the diversity dimensions represented by our Business Resource Groups ("BRGs"). 
 3. Community - As the places where our associates live and work mean everything to us, we support the organizations that put our local communities first and provide opportunities for our associates to give back through volunteering and donations. 
 
 DBI Gives has three primary areas of partnership: 
 1. Soles4Souls - Soles4Souls creates sustainable jobs and provides relief through the distribution of shoes and clothing around the world, while giving shoes and garments a second life and keeping them out of landfills. Since partnering with Soles4Souls in 2018, we are proud to have donated over 7 million pairs of shoes, including 1.6 million pairs donated in 2022. I n 2022, we focused our register donation efforts to support Soles4Souls, generating over 600,000 in customer-funded donations. 
 2. Two Ten Footwear Foundation - Two Ten provides scholarships and financial aid to people working in the footwear industry, as well as free counseling and community resources. Many of our own associates have been beneficiaries of Two Ten's programs. We support Two Ten with corporate financial donations and subject matter expertise to continue to enrich their community program offerings. 
 3. Hometown Partnerships - From annual United Way fundraisers, American Red Cross blood drives, local nonprofit partnerships, and associate volunteering efforts, we always look for ways to support and better the communities in which we operate. During the 2022 holiday season, with the cost of food on the rise, our associates helped address hunger and food insecurity by collecting and donating food items to their local food banks and packing meals for those in need. Altogether, our associates collected/packed over 74,000 meals. 
 
 DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION ("DE I") 
 
 We support diversity, equity, and inclusion and believe that: 
 diversity is the celebration of the ways we are alike and different, as well as unique; 
 equity compels us to be fair, while also recognizing the need to treat others differently to mitigate the risk of inadvertently perpetuating systemic barriers; and 
 inclusion is the act of ensuring our differences are welcomed, valued, respected, and heard. 
 
 6 

Table of contents 

 We strive to inspire self-expression, authenticity, and empowerment to drive the best possible experiences for our associates, customers, and communities in alignment with our business objectives. Formal ways for associates, on a voluntary basis, to get involved include: 
 BRGs, which are associate-led groups organized around a common diversity dimension to foster an inclusive, engaging work environment for all. 
 Community Interest Groups ("CIGs"), which are associate-led groups based on a common passion or interest to drive a sense of community and shared purpose. 
 Councils, which are associate-led groups organized to create a sense of inclusion and belonging for those who work in our stores, distribution centers, and fulfillment center. 
 
 All groups are inclusive and open to any associate who wants to join. Associates can be members of as many groups as they want. Our BRGs, CIGs, and Councils provide a unique strategic perspective based on shared experience, background, and allyship, while promoting diversity in our workplace and community in alignment with our business goals. 
 
 Our DE I principles are also reflected in our associate training programs, which address our policies against harassment, bullying, and bias in the workplace. We strive to maintain a diverse and inclusive workforce. As of January 28, 2023, nearly 79 of our U.S. based associates self-identified as female and over 55 of our U.S. associate population self-identified as people of color. Additionally, as of the end of 2022, 36 of the Company's Board of Directors and 46 of executives in vice president and above positions self-identified as female. 
 
 Mr. Rawlins, Designer Brands' current CEO, is a proud signatory of the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion Pledge, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace. This demonstrates our top-down approach to furthering our goals of cultivating open dialogue, expanding diversity training, sharing best practices with other companies, and engaging our Board of Directors in the evaluation of our progress. For the fourth consecutive year, Designer Brands has been recognized for its LGBTQ+ inclusion efforts with a 100 score on the Human Rights Campaign's ("HRC") Corporate Equality Index, which places us on HRC's "Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality" list. Designer Brands has also been recognized by Forbes as one of "The Best Employers for Diversity," "The World's Best Employers" and "The World's Top Female-Friendly Companies." 
 
 In 2022, Designer Brands announced an investment of 2.0 million into advancing action-oriented DE I through a partnership with Pensole and legendary footwear designer Dr. D'Wayne Edwards, President of Pensole Lewis College of Business Design ("PLC"). Located in Detroit, PLC is the first and only Historically Black College University ("HBCU") in Michigan and the first HBCU with a focus on design. In this new partnership, Designer Brands invested in the first Black-owned footwear factory in the U.S. JEMS by Pensole to produce shoes designed by PLC graduate students, to be sold exclusively at DSW. Together with Pensole, we will provide designers with opportunities to offer new products directly to consumers. Ultimately, the partnership is aimed at creating careers and investing in diverse, talented, aspiring designers to become the future of our industry. 
 
 We believe that paying our people fairly, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, or any other status, enables us to deliver on our goal of creating an inclusive environment where we can all be ourselves, contribute ideas and do our best work. To this end, we have invested in pay equity processes that allow us to assess whether associates with similar roles and experience earn equal pay for comparable work. Based on our belief that equality and diversity makes our organization stronger, we continue to focus on and invest in pay equity processes. 
 
 We are on a journey to promote greater levels of DE I in everything we do and recognize that there is still a long way to go. We will continue to challenge our own biases, engage in difficult conversations in meaningful ways, foster diverse perspectives to drive innovation, and intentionally evolve our operating strategies to advance this important work. 
 
 7 

Table of contents 

 ASSOCIATE ENGAGEMENT 
 
 We provide all associates with the opportunity to share their opinions and feedback on their employment experience through engagement surveys performed on a regular basis across all business segments. Results of the surveys are measured and analyzed with a goal of enhancing the associate experience, strengthening engagement and retention, and driving change. In addition to Company-led surveys, leaders are encouraged to conduct "skip level" touch bases, host round table chats, and conduct follow-up activities to better understand associate feedback. We are embracing a flexible work environment by rolling out the option for our corporate associates to work where they choose to, whether that be in the office, at home or elsewhere, to best meet their individual needs. Upon exiting the Company, associates who voluntarily leave the business are provided an exit survey to help us measure satisfaction and engagement and identify the factors that may have contributed to pursuing another opportunity. We continue to develop opportunities for associate connection and engagement in the evolving workplace environment by listening to our associates and taking actions on what is most important and impactful to them. 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 
 Our business activities are global and subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations. For example, substantially all of our import operations are subject to complex trade and customs laws, regulations, and tax requirements, such as sanctions orders or tariffs set by governments through mutual agreements or unilateral actions. In addition, the countries where our products are manufactured or imported from may from time to time impose additional duties, tariffs, or other restrictions on our imports or adversely modify existing restrictions. Changes in tax policy or trade regulations, the disallowance of tax deductions on imported merchandise, or the imposition of new tariffs on imported products, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and competitive position. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 We have registered a number of trademarks, service marks, and domain names in the U.S., Canada, and internationally, including DSW , DSW Shoe Warehouse , and DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse . We also have a 40 interest in ABG-Camuto, which holds the intellectual property rights of Vince Camuto and others. ABG-Camuto licenses to us the rights to certain of its trademarks in specific categories, such as footwear and handbags, which, as of January 28, 2023, have six years remaining on the initial license term and are indefinitely renewable on five-year terms. We believe our trademarks and service marks have significant value and are important to building our name recognition. 
 
 SEASONALITY 
 
 Our business consists of two principal selling seasons: the spring season, which includes the first and second fiscal quarters, and the fall season, which includes the third and fourth fiscal quarters. Historically, net sales have been slightly higher in the fall season than in the spring season; however, during 2022, net sales in the fall season were slightly lower than the spring season due to the decline in overall global economic conditions and unseasonably warm weather. Our seasonal results of operations may fluctuate based on global economic conditions, changes in weather conditions, and our customers' interest in new seasonal styles. 
 
 AVAILABLE IN FORMATION 
 
 Information about Designer Brands, including its reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), is available through our website at www.designerbrands.com. Such reports are accessible at no charge through our website and are made available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 
 8 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our Class A common shares involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K and in our other public filings, investors should carefully consider the following risk factors. The risks described below are not the only risks we face or may face. The occurrence of any of the following risks, or the occurrence of additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their original investment. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and estimates as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. 
 
 RISKS RELATING TO MACROECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY CONDITIONS 
 
 A global economic downturn and other macroeconomic conditions or trends may adversely affect discretionary consumer spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 
 A downturn in global economic conditions, most notably inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, changes in employment levels, significant foreign currency volatility, and the growing concerns of a potential recession, may adversely impact discretionary consumer income levels and spending. Consumer spending on discretionary items, including our products, generally declines during periods of economic uncertainty, when disposable income is reduced, or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Competitive pricing pressure has been exacerbated by a more promotional retail environment as the industry experienced a shift from tighter inventory positions to excess inventory and as macroeconomic conditions impact discretionary consumer spending. During the second half of 2022, our net sales declined, partially as a result of the aforementioned overall global economic conditions. 
 
 In 2022, the U.S. experienced significantly heightened inflationary pressures, which we expect to continue into 2023. We are subject to inflationary pressures, including increases in the costs of merchandise, transportation, and compensation, which we may not be able to offset with cost savings or pricing increases on the products we sell, especially given the competitive pricing pressures. As a result of this more promotional retail environment, in 2022, we experienced a decline in gross profit as a percentage of net sales. Should this trend continue, we may need to enact mitigating operating efficiency measures that could have a material adverse effect on business, operations, and results of operations. 
 
 The continuation of these trends could have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. Moreover, we are unable to predict the severity of macroeconomic uncertainty, whether or when such circumstances may improve or worsen, or the full impact such circumstances could have on our business. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect on our results of operations, and continues to cause disrupted global supply chain operations, temporary factory closures, labor shortages, vessel, container and other transportation shortages, increased freight cost at various stages of the pandemic, and port congestion. Such disruptions have at times reduced the availability of inventory, while at other times have caused excess inventory as the timing of inventory receipts has been disrupted. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic also has the potential to exacerbate supply chain issues if the factories that manufacture our products, the distribution systems we use to manage our inventory, or the operations of our logistics and other service providers are disrupted, temporarily closed, or experience worker shortages. All of the products manufactured through the Brand Portfolio segment come from third-party facilities outside of the U.S., with 76 sourced from China during 2022. Our U.S. Retail segment and Canada Retail segment merchandise is purchased from both domestic and foreign vendors. Many of our domestic vendors import a large portion of their merchandise from abroad, with the majority manufactured in China. If the severity and reach of the COVID-19 pandemic continues or worsens, there may be significant and material disruptions to our supply chain and operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and may likely continue to result, in social, economic, and labor instability in the markets in which we and our third-party vendors operate. The long-term economic impact and near-term financial impacts of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations cannot be reliably estimated at this time due to the uncertainty of future developments. 
 9 

Table of contents 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 
 We may be unable to anticipate and respond to consumer preferences, changing customer expectations, and fashion trends, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Demand for our products fluctuates according to changes in consumer preferences and trends, which are dictated by lifestyle, fashion and season, and may shift quickly. A variety of factors will affect our ability to maintain the proper mix of products, including economic conditions impacting discretionary consumer spending; unanticipated fashion trends; our ability to provide timely access to popular brands at attractive prices; our success in distributing merchandise to our stores, online customers, and our wholesale retailer customers in an efficient manner; and changes in weather patterns, which, in turn, may affect consumer preferences. If we are unable to anticipate trends and fulfill the merchandise needs of our customers, we may experience decreases in our net sales and/or may be forced to increase markdowns in relation to slow-moving merchandise, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We rely on our strong relationships with vendors to purchase products. If these relationships were to be impaired, we may be unable to obtain a sufficient assortment of merchandise at attractive prices or respond promptly to changing fashion trends, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 
 Our success depends, to a significant extent, on the willingness and ability of our vendors to supply us with merchandise that meets our changing customer expectations. If we fail to maintain strong relationships with these vendors or if they fail to ensure the quality of merchandise that they supply to us, our ability to provide our customers with merchandise they want at favorable prices may be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any negative brand image, widespread product defects, financial distress, or negative publicity related to our vendors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and on our business. 
 
 Decisions by vendors not to sell to us or to limit the availability of the products they sell to us could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, our inability to stock our sales channels with desired merchandise at attractive prices could result in lower net sales and decreased customer interest in our sales channels, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. During 2022, three key third-party vendors together supplied approximately 22 of our retail merchandise, with no individual vendor providing more than 10 of our retail merchandise. Th e loss of, or a reduction in, the amount and quality of merchandise supplied by any of our high-volume vendors could have an adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to offer suitable alternatives to satisfy product demand, sales could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 Losses or disruptions associated with our distribution systems, including our distribution centers and stores, could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 Our operating results depend on the orderly operation of our receiving, distribution, and fulfillment processes, which in turn depends on vendors' adherence to shipping schedules and our effective management of our facilities. We may not anticipate all the changing demands on our operations, and events beyond our control may occur, including disruptions in operations due to public health threats, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, catastrophic events, shortages in labor, or shipping problems, any of which may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our stores and customers. We rely on the flow of goods through ports worldwide on a consistent basis from factories and suppliers. Disruptions at ports could create significant risks for our business, particularly if these disruptions occur during peak importing times. If we experience significant delays in receiving product, this could result in canceled orders by retailer customers, unanticipated inventory shortages or receipt of seasonal product after the peak selling season, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 In addition, if our merchandise is not delivered to customers in a timely fashion or is damaged or lost during the delivery process, our customers could become dissatisfied and cease shopping on our websites, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If we encounter issues with our ability to timely and satisfactorily fulfill customer orders, meet customer expectations, manage inventory, and complete sales, our business may be adversely affected. While we maintain business interruption and property insurance, in the event any of our points within our distribution systems were to shut down for any reason or if we were to incur higher costs and longer lead times in connection with a disruption, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover the impact to our business. 
 
 10 

Table of contents 

 Our failure to manage the transition associated with our Chief Executive Officer, retain our existing senior management team, or continue to attract qualified new personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 On January 4, 2023, we announced our planned succession process relating to the Company s CEO role, whereby our current CEO, Roger Rawlins, will step down from his role as CEO and as a member of the Board of Directors effective April 1, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors, at which time Doug Howe, who currently serves as Executive Vice President of the Company and President of DSW, will assume the CEO role and join the Board of Directors as a Class II director. The CEO transition and any related uncertainty regarding our future business direction may be disruptive to our business and our relationships with associates and customers. Additionally, the departure of Mr. Rawlins as our CEO and as a member of the Board will result in a loss of institutional knowledge and there can be no assurances that we will be able to mitigate that loss through our transition arrangement. If we are unable to execute an orderly transition, our business may be adversely affected. Furthermore, the success of our business is dependent on the continuation of an experienced and talented management team. If we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts, and abilities of any of our key executives or members of senior management, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have entered into employment agreements with certain of our key executives and also offer compensation packages designed to attract and retain talent. In addition, our ability to manage our business will require us to continue to train, motivate, and develop our associates to maintain a high level of talent for future challenges and succession planning. Competition for these types of personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business. 
 
 The success of our business is dependent on our third-party manufacturers and other business partners. 
 
 The success of our business depends on our ability to obtain products from our third-party manufacturers on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, and to our specifications. We do not exert direct control over the manufacturers' operations and cannot guarantee that any third-party manufacturer will have sufficient production capacity, meet our production deadlines, or meet our product safety, social compliance, or quality standards. We typically do not have long-term supply contracts with our manufacturers, and the loss of any of our major manufacturers could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. In addition, we cannot predict the impact of global events, such as inclement weather, natural disasters, public health threats, or acts of terrorism, on our third-party manufacturers. If these third-party manufacturers do not perform their obligations, cease working with us, fail to meet our product safety, social compliance or quality standards, or are unable to provide us with the materials and services we need at prices and terms that are acceptable to us, then we could experience product delays and shortages. Failure to deliver quality products to our customers on a timely basis and any associated damage to our reputation could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Future acquisitions of and investments in new businesses, such as our recent acquisitions of Topo and the Keds business, could disrupt our ongoing business and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 From time to time, we may acquire or invest in businesses or partnerships that we believe could complement our business or offer growth opportunities. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we acquired a 79.4 ownership interest in Topo, and in the first quarter of 2023, we acquired the Keds business, which includes the use of a transition services arrangement as we work toward integrating the Keds business into our existing infrastructure. The expected synergies and contributions to our business as a result of these and other acquisitions or investments may not materialize. Further, such acquisitions or investments may disrupt our business or divert the attention of our management. Achieving the expected benefits depends in large part on our successful integration of any newly acquired operations, systems, and personnel in a timely and efficient manner. We cannot ensure that all of our integration efforts will be completed on a timely basis, as planned, or without substantial expense, delay, or other operational problems. Until we make substantial progress with our integration efforts, we also face the risk that we may not be able to effectively manage the business and achieve planned results. In addition, the integration process may strain our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures and may also result in the diversion of management and financial resources from core business objectives. There can be no assurance that we will successfully integrate our businesses or that we will realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions after we complete our integration efforts. 
 
 In addition, we may, from time to time, evaluate and pursue other strategic investments or acquisitions. These involve various inherent risks and the benefits sought may not be realized. The acquisitions of Topo and the Keds business, or other strategic investments or acquisitions, may not create value and may harm our brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 11 

Table of contents 

 Our growth strategies could strain our resources and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 
 We have a long-term goal of doubling the net sales from our Owned Brands by 2026 (using 2021 net sales as a baseline), while also maintaining our sales levels of national brands. We expect this long-term goal will result in approximately one-third of our total net sales coming from our Owned Brands by 2026. Achieving these priorities depends in part on us executing our strategies successfully, and the initiatives that we implement in connection with these strategies may not resonate with our customers. We may not be able to realize, in whole or in part, the anticipated benefits of these strategies or within the expected time frames. In the event that our strategies do not meet customer expectations or are not differentiated from our competitors' offerings, it may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, these efforts could place increased demands on our financial, managerial, operational, and administrative resources. We are investing in additional resources, both capital and personnel, and will be implementing new systems and processes or changes to existing systems and processes. These investments could cost more than anticipated, divert resources from other areas of our business, and fail to yield the anticipated benefits, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could also experience downtime or other technical issues as we make changes to our systems and processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The success of our Brand Portfolio segment is dependent on the strength of our relationships with our retailer customers, and reductions in or loss of sales to such customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 
 Our major retailer customers may experience a significant downturn in their businesses as a result of macroeconomic conditions, and, in turn, these customers may reduce their purchases from us, which may have a material adverse effect on the Brand Portfolio segment. 
 
 The loss or disruption of IT services could affect our ability to implement our strategies and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our IT systems are an integral part of our strategies in efficiently operating our business, managing operations, and protecting against security risks related to our electronic processing and transmitting of confidential customer and associate data. The requirements to keep our IT systems operating at peak performance may be higher than anticipated and could strain our capital resources, as well as impact our ability to manage any system upgrades, implement new systems, make management process changes for newly implemented systems, and prevent any information security breaches. In addition, any significant disruption of our data center could have a material adverse effect on those operations dependent on those systems, specifically, our store and e-commerce operations, our distribution centers, and our merchandising team. While we maintain business interruption and property insurance, in the event of a data center shutdown, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover the impact to our business. 
 
 Our e-commerce operations are important to our business and are subject to various risks of operating online and mobile selling capabilities, such as the failure of our IT infrastructure, including any third-party hardware or software, resulting in downtime or other technical issues; inability to respond to technological changes; credit card fraud; or other information security breaches. Failure to mitigate these risks could reduce e-commerce sales, damage our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our implementation of an ERP software solution and other IT systems could result in significant disruptions to our operations. 
 
 We are in the process of implementing certain financial modules of a new ERP and other IT systems. The interdependence of our systems creates significant risk to the successful completion of implementing new systems or upgrading existing systems, and the failure of any one system could have a material adverse effect on our overall IT infrastructure. We may experience difficulties as we transition to these new or upgraded systems and processes, including loss or corruption of data, decreases in productivity as our associates and third-party providers become familiar with new systems, and increased costs. Difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information systems or significant system failures could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. As a result of the implementation of this new ERP system, we will undergo significant changes in our processes and internal controls. If we are unable to successfully manage these changes as we implement these systems, including harmonizing our systems, data, processes and reporting analytics, our ability to conduct, manage, and control routine business functions could be adversely affected. In addition, we could incur material unanticipated expenses, including additional costs related to implementation. 
 
 12 

Table of contents 

 We face risks related to our electronic processing of sensitive and confidential personal and business data. If such data is lost or disclosed in an unauthorized manner, or if we or our third-party vendors are subject to cyberattacks, data breaches, other security incidents, or disruption of IT systems or software, we could be exposed to liability, experience reputational harm, and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Given the nature of our business, we, together with third parties acting on our behalf, receive, collect, process, use, and retain sensitive and confidential customer and associate data and proprietary business information. Our business relies on IT networks and systems to market and sell our products, process financial and personal information, manage a variety of business processes, and comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We also depend on a variety of information systems to effectively process customer orders and other data, for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our associates, customers, prospective customers, and vendors. Some of our third-party service providers, such as identity verification and payment processing providers, also regularly have access to customer data. Additionally, we maintain other confidential, proprietary, or otherwise sensitive information relating to our business and our third parties. 
 
 The IT networks and systems owned, operated, controlled or used by us or our vendors may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns, software or hardware vulnerabilities, data breaches, security incidents, supply-side attacks, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components, power outages, natural disasters, hardware failures, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, user malfeasance, computer viruses, unauthorized access, phishing or social engineering attacks, ransomware attacks, distributed denial-of-service attacks, brute force, robocalls, and other real or perceived cyberattacks or catastrophic events, all of which may not be prevented by our efforts to secure our computer systems. Any of these incidents could lead to interruptions or shutdowns of our platform, disruptions in our ability to process customer orders or to track, record or analyze the sale of our products, loss or corruption of data or unauthorized access to or acquisition of personal information or other sensitive information, such as our intellectual property. We utilize security tools and controls, which include reasonable efforts to ensure that our third-party vendors maintain sufficient security measures, including encryption and authentication technology, in an effort to reduce our cyber risk and protect personal and other sensitive information. However, none of these or our vendors' security measures can provide absolute security. Advances in computer capabilities, increasingly sophisticated tools and methods used by hackers and cyber terrorists, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments may result in our or our vendors' failure or inability to adequately protect personal or other sensitive information, and there can be no assurance that we or our vendors will not suffer a cyberattack, that hackers or other unauthorized parties will not gain access to or exfiltrate personal information or other sensitive data, or that any such data compromise or unauthorized access will be discovered in a timely fashion. 
 
 We rely on associates, contractors and other third parties who may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to obtain such information and may purposefully or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train associates, pay higher insurance premiums, and engage third-party specialists for additional services. An information security breach involving confidential and personal data could damage our reputation, our customers' willingness to purchase from us, and our vendors' willingness to supply or provide services to us. In addition, we may incur material liabilities and remediation costs as a result of an information security breach, including potential liability for stolen customer or associate data, repairing system damage or providing credit monitoring or other benefits to customers or associates affected by the breach. In the event we experience an information security breach, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover the impact to our business. Although we have developed mitigating security controls to reduce our cyber risk and protect our data from loss or disclosure due to a security breach, including processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor, such measures cannot provide absolute security. 
 
 We, and our third-party vendors, regularly experience cyberattacks aimed at disrupting services. Our third-party vendors have been and may be the victim of cyber-related attacks that could lead to operational disruptions that could have an adverse effect on our ability to fulfill customer orders. Security incidents such as ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, as well as increasingly difficult to detect. We, and our third-party vendors, have been subject to cyber, phishing, and social engineering attacks and other security incidents in the past and may continue to be subject to such attacks in the future. Security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent actions by our associates, our third-party vendors or their personnel or other parties. If we or our third-party service providers experience security breaches that result in a decline in marketplace performance, availability problems, or the loss, corruption of, unauthorized access to, or disclosure of personal data or confidential information, people may become unwilling to provide us the information necessary to make purchases on our e-commerce sites, and our reputation and market position could be harmed. Existing customers may also decrease their purchases or close their accounts altogether. We could also face potential claims, investigations, regulatory proceedings, liability and litigation, and bear other substantial costs in connection with remediating and otherwise responding to any data security breach, all of which may not be adequately covered by insurance, and which may 
 13 

Table of contents 

 result in an increase in our costs for insurance or insurance not being available to us on economically feasible terms, or at all. Insurers may also deny us coverage as to any future claim. Any of these results could harm our growth prospects, financial condition, business, and reputation. 
 
 We are dependent on our customer loyalty programs and marketing to drive traffic, sales and loyalty, and any decrease in membership or purchases from members could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Customer traffic is influenced by our marketing and our loyalty programs. We rely on our loyalty programs to drive customer traffic, sales, and purchase frequency. Loyalty members earn points toward discounts on future purchases through our VIP rewards programs in the U.S. and Canada. We employ a variety of marketing methods, including email, direct mail, and social media, to communicate exclusive offers to our rewards members. As of January 28, 2023, we had over 32 million members enrolled in our loyalty programs who have made at least one purchase over the last two years. In 2022, shoppers in the loyalty programs generated approximately 89 of the combined U.S. Retail and Canada Retail segments' net sales. In the event that our rewards members do not continue to shop, we fail to add new members, the number of members decreases, or our marketing is not effective in driving customer traffic, such event could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our failure to protect the value of our brands, owned or licensed, and our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brands. 
 
 The value of our brands is largely dependent on the success of our merchandise assortment and our ability to provide a consistent, high-quality customer experience. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the reputation and recognition of our banners and our Owned Brands are critical to our ability to expand and retain our customer base. Any negative publicity about us or the significant brands we offer may reduce demand for our merchandise. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting, or environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. In addition, negative claims or publicity, including social media, regarding celebrities we have license and endorsement arrangements with could adversely affect our reputation and sales regardless of whether such claims are accurate. Consumer actions could include boycotts and negative publicity through social or digital media. Negative public perception about us or the products we carry, whether justified or not, could impair our reputation, involve us in litigation, damage our brands, and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We hold exclusive licensing rights that allow us to design, source and sell footwear for certain of our key Owned Brands, including Vince Camuto, Jessica Simpson, Lucky Brand, and Le Tigre. We rely on our ability to retain and maintain good relationships with the licensors and their ability to maintain strong, well-recognized brands and trademarks. The terms of our license agreements vary and are subject to renewal with various termination provisions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these licenses. Even our longer-term or renewable licenses are typically dependent upon our ability to market and sell the licensed products at specified levels, and our failure to meet such levels may result in the termination or non-renewal of such licenses. Furthermore, many of our license agreements require minimum royalty payments, and if we are unable to generate sufficient sales and profitability to cover these minimum royalty requirements, we may be required to make additional payments to the licensors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 The value of our brands may also depend on the success of our corporate social responsibility ("CSR") and sustainability initiatives, which require Company-wide coordination and alignment. Risks associated with these initiatives include any increased public focus, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, new laws and regulations, increased costs associated with sustainability efforts and/or compliance with laws and regulations, as well as increased pressure to expand our CSR and sustainability disclosures in these areas, make commitments, set targets or establish additional goals and take actions to such targets and goals. All of the foregoing could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. Any CSR or sustainability metrics that we currently or may in the future disclose, whether based on the standards we set for ourselves or those set by others, and our failure to achieve any CSR or sustainability metrics that we currently or may in the future disclose, may influence our reputation and the value of our brands. There is also increased focus, including by investors, customers, and other stakeholders, on CSR and other sustainability matters, including the use of plastic, energy, waste, and worker safety. Our reputation could be damaged if we do not, or are perceived to not, act responsibly with respect to sustainability matters, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 14 

Table of contents 

 Our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility ("ABL Revolver") has restrictions that could limit our ability to fund operations, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our ABL Revolver, as amended on February 28, 2023, may be used to provide funds for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, other expenditures, and permitted acquisitions as defined by the credit facility agreement. The amount of credit available is limited to a borrowing base formulated on, among other things, a percentage of the book value of eligible inventory and credit card receivables, as reduced by certain reserves. Consequently, it is possible that, should we need to access any additional funds from our ABL Revolver, it may not be available in full. The ABL Revolver, as amended, requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant of not less than 1:1 when availability is less than the greater of 47.3 million or 10.0 of the maximum credit amount. The ABL Revolver also contains customary covenants restricting our activities, including limitations on the ability to sell assets, engage in acquisitions, enter into transactions involving related parties, incur additional debt, grant liens on assets, pay dividends, or repurchase stock, and make certain other changes. There are specific exceptions to these covenants including, in some cases, upon satisfying specified payment conditions. The ABL Revolver contains customary events of default, including failure to comply with certain financial and other covenants. Upon an event of default that is not cured or waived within the cure periods, in addition to other remedies that may be available to the lenders, our obligations under the ABL Revolver may be accelerated, outstanding letters of credit may be required to be cash collateralized and remedies may be exercised against the collateral. 
 
 RISKS RELATING TO EXTERNAL FACTORS 
 
 We may be unable to compete in the highly competitive footwear market, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The footwear market is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete against a diverse group of manufacturers and retailers, including department stores, mall-based shoe stores, national chains, independent shoe retailers, single-brand specialty retailers, online shoe retailers, brand-oriented discounters, multi-channel specialty retailers, and brand suppliers. In addition, our wholesale retailer customers sell shoes purchased from competing footwear suppliers with brands that are well known. Our success depends on our ability to remain competitive with respect to assortment, quality, convenience, and value. The performance of our competitors, as well as a change in their promotional and pricing approaches as a result of the current economic environment, marketing activities, and other business strategies, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 E-commerce networks have rapidly evolved and consumer receptiveness to shopping online has substantially increased. Competition from e-commerce players has significantly increased due to their ability to provide improved user experience, greater ease of buying goods, low or no shipping fees, faster shipping times, and more favorable return policies. Businesses, including our suppliers, can easily launch e-commerce sites and mobile platforms at nominal costs by using commercially available software or partnering with any of a number of successful digital marketplace providers. Some of our suppliers use such platforms to compete with us by allowing consumers to purchase products directly through the supplier. Competitors with other revenue sources may also be able to devote more resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, and devote more resources to websites, mobile platforms and applications, and systems development. 
 
 We rely on foreign sources for our merchandise, and our business is therefore subject to risks associated with international trade. 
 
 We face risks inherent in purchasing from suppliers with foreign operations, such as: public health threats, including the COVID-19 pandemic; economic and political instability in countries where these suppliers are located; international hostilities or acts of war or terrorism affecting the U.S. or foreign countries from which our merchandise is sourced; increases in shipping costs; transportation delays and interruptions, including increased inspections of import shipments by domestic authorities; work stoppages; expropriation or nationalization; changes in foreign government administration and governmental policies; changes in import duties or quotas; compliance with trade and foreign tax laws; and local business practices, including compliance with foreign laws and with domestic and international labor standards. Such events may increase our costs and disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 15 

Table of contents 

 We require our business partners to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and our internal requirements. However, we do not control such third parties or their labor and business practices. The violation of labor or other laws by one of our vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we rely on manufacturers that operate outside of North America, including China, Vietnam, and Brazil, that may disclose our intellectual property or other proprietary information to competitors or third parties, which could result in the distribution and sale of counterfeit versions of our products. 
 
 Our international operations expose us to political, economic, operational, compliance, and other risks. 
 
 We have international operations in various locations, including China, Canada, and Brazil. The success of our international operations may be adversely affected by political, economic, and social conditions beyond our control, local laws and customs, and legal and regulatory constraints, including compliance with applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, labor, and currency laws and regulations. Risks inherent in our existing and future operations also include, among others, public health threats, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the cost and difficulties of managing operations outside of the U.S., possible adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws or the unfavorable resolution of tax assessments or audits, and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. Additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may negatively impact our financial results. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to provide our customers with cost-effective shopping platforms that are able to respond and adapt to rapid changes in technology. 
 
 The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, handheld computers such as notebooks and tablets, video game consoles, and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past few years. The smaller screen size, functionality, and memory associated with smartphones, laptops, and tablets may make the use of our websites and purchasing our products online more difficult. The versions of our sites developed for these devices and our mobile app may not be compelling to consumers. 
 
 In addition, it is time-consuming and costly to keep pace with rapidly changing and continuously evolving technology. We cannot be certain that our mobile applications or our mobile-optimized sites will be successful in the future. As existing mobile devices and platforms evolve and new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in adjusting and developing applications for changes to alternative devices and platforms, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of such applications. If we are unable to attract customers to our websites through these devices or are slow to develop versions of our websites that are more compatible with alternative devices or a mobile application, we may fail to capture a significant share of customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Further, we continually upgrade existing technologies and business applications, and we may be required to implement new technologies or business applications in the future. The implementation of upgrades and changes requires significant investments. Our results of operations may be affected by the timing, effectiveness, and costs associated with the successful implementation of any upgrades or changes to our systems and infrastructure. In the event that it is more difficult for our customers to buy products from us on their mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to buy products from us on their mobile devices or to use mobile products that do not offer access to our websites, our customer growth could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We also are dependent on the interoperability of our sites with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as iOS and Android, and any changes in such systems that degrade the functionality of our sites or mobile app, limit or discontinue our access to a particular platform, or give preferential treatment to competitive products or services, could adversely affect the usage of our sites on mobile devices. We are also subject to the policies and terms of service of the providers of such operating systems and mobile application download stores, which govern the promotion, distribution, content, and operation of our mobile applications. Each provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. Additionally, mobile application download stores have imposed, and are likely to continue imposing, certain privacy- and security-related restrictions and controls on the providers and applications within their marketplaces. For example, Apple released a software update in 2021 that, by default, blocks advertisers from tracking certain mobile device activity unless affirmative consent is obtained. 
 
 16 

Table of contents 

 We are subject to stringent and changing privacy laws, regulations, and standards, as well as policies, contracts, and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our failure to comply with privacy laws and regulations, as well as other legal obligations, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 State, federal, and foreign governments have enacted and are continuing to enact laws and regulations governing the collection, use, retention, sharing, transfer, and security of personally identifiable information and data. Our business is subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations, orders, rules, codes, regulatory guidance and certain industry standards regarding privacy, data protection, consumer protection, information security and the processing of personal information and other data. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), which took effect on January 1, 2020, imposes certain restrictions and disclosure obligations on businesses that collect personal information about California residents and provides for a private right of action, as well as penalties for noncompliance. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations and creates a private right of action for certain data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. It remains unclear how various provisions of the CCPA will be interpreted and enforced. The California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), which was passed in November 2020 and took effect in January 2023 (with a look-back for certain requirements to January 2022), amends and expands the CCPA and places additional restrictions on the "sharing" of personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. We may be subject to additional privacy regulations in the future, including the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act and the Colorado Privacy Act, both of which regulate the processing of "personal data" regarding their respective residents and grant residents certain rights with respect to their personal data. State laws are changing rapidly, and new legislation proposed or enacted in a number of other states imposes, or has the potential to impose, additional obligations on companies that process confidential, sensitive and personal information, and will continue to shape the data privacy environment nationally. The U.S. federal government is also significantly focused on privacy matters. 
 
 We are subject to other consumer protection laws, including California's Consumer Legal Remedies Act and unfair competition and false advertising laws, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, Canada's Anti-Spam Law, the CCPA, the CPRA and other recently enacted consumer data protection laws. Additionally, the regulatory environment is increasingly demanding with frequent new and changing requirements concerning cybersecurity, information security and privacy, which may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Any failure by us or any of our business partners to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations may result in investigations or actions against us by governmental entities, private claims and litigation, fines, penalties or other liabilities. Such events may increase our expenses, expose us to liabilities and harm our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 While we aim to comply with applicable data protection laws and obligations in all material respects, there is no assurance that we will not be subject to claims that we have violated such laws and obligations, will be able to successfully defend against such claims, or will not be subject to significant fines and penalties in the event of non-compliance. Additionally, to the extent multiple state-level laws are introduced with inconsistent or conflicting standards and there is no federal law to preempt such laws, compliance with such laws could be difficult and costly to achieve, or impossible to achieve, and we could be subject to fines and penalties in the event of non-compliance. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory initiatives related to climate change could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Greenhouse gases may have an adverse effect on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Such events could have a negative effect on our business. Concern over climate change may result in new or additional legislative and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, which could result in future tax, transportation cost, and utility increases. Moreover, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions may impact the productivity of our facilities, the operation of our supply chain, or consumer buying patterns and the predictability thereof. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Uncertainty in future changes to legislation, regulatory reform, or policies, other than those previously discussed, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Laws, regulations, and policies in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change due to economic, political, and other conditions. Such changes, including additional taxes and tariffs, may result in additional costs to our business and could require us to increase prices to our customers or, if unable to do so, result in a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 
 17 

Table of contents 

 RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON SHARES 
 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation, amended and restated code of regulations, and Ohio state law contain provisions that may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of Designer Brands. This could adversely affect the value of our Class A common shares. 
 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize our Board of Directors to issue up to 100 million preferred shares and to determine the powers, preferences, privileges, rights, including voting rights, qualifications, limitations, and restrictions on those shares, without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The rights of the holders of our Class A common shares will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred shares that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred shares could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change in control and could adversely affect the voting power of our common shares. 
 
 In addition, provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation, amended and restated code of regulations, and Ohio law, together or separately, could discourage potential acquisition proposals, delay, or prevent a change in control, or limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common shares. Among other things, these provisions establish a staggered board, require a super-majority vote to remove directors, and establish certain advance notice procedures for nomination of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings. 
 
 We do not expect a trading market for the Company's Class B common shares to develop and, therefore, any investment in the Class B common shares may be effectively illiquid, unless such shares are converted into the Company's Class A common shares. 
 
 There is currently no public market for the Company's Class B common shares. We do not intend to list the Class B common shares on any securities exchange or any automated quotation system. As a result, there can be no assurance that a secondary market will develop, and we do not expect any market makers to participate in a secondary market. Because the Class B common shares are not listed on a securities exchange or an automated quotation system, it may be difficult to obtain pricing information with respect to the shares. Accordingly, there may be a limited number of buyers if a holder decides to sell its Class B common shares. This may affect the price a holder would receive upon such sale. Alternatively, a holder of such shares could convert them into Class A common shares, on a share-for-share basis, prior to selling. However, such conversion could affect the timing of any such sale, which may in turn affect the price a holder may receive upon such sale. 
 
 Entities owned by or controlled by Jay L. Schottenstein, the Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors, and members of his family (the "Schottenstein Affiliates") directly control or substantially influence the outcome of matters submitted for shareholder votes, and their interests may differ from other shareholders. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Schottenstein Affiliates beneficially owned approximately 23 of the Company's outstanding common shares, representing approximately 58 of the combined voting power, consisting of, in the aggregate, 7.0 million Class A common shares (which are entitled to one vote per share) and 7.7 million Class B common shares (which are entitled to eight votes per share). The Schottenstein Affiliates directly control or substantially influence the outcome of matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election of directors, approval of mergers or other business combinations, and acquisitions or dispositions of assets. The interests of the Schottenstein Affiliates may differ from or be opposed to the interests of other shareholders, and their level of ownership and voting power in the Company may have the effect of delaying or preventing a subsequent change in control that may be favored by other shareholders. 
 
 The Schottenstein Affiliates engage in a variety of businesses, including, but not limited to, business and inventory liquidations, apparel companies, and real estate investments. Opportunities may arise in the area of potential competitive business activities that may be attractive to the Schottenstein Affiliates and us. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that the Schottenstein Affiliates are under no obligation to communicate or offer any corporate opportunity to us. In addition, the Schottenstein Affiliates have the right to engage in similar activities as us, do business with our suppliers and customers, and, except as limited by agreement, employ or otherwise engage any of our executives or associates. 
 
 Furthermore, as a "controlled company" within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") rules, the Company qualifies for, and in the future may opt to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements, including having a majority of independent directors, as well as having nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees composed entirely of independent directors. 
 
 18 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The following table summarizes the location and general use of our principal properties as of January 28, 2023 that we consider to be material to our business and that we believe will meet our operational needs for the foreseeable future: 
 Facility Location Owned/Leased Segment Approximate Square Feet Principal corporate office Columbus, Ohio Owned Corporate, U.S. Retail and Other 178,000 Distribution center Columbus, Ohio Owned U.S. Retail and Other 625,000 East Coast Logistics Center Westampton, New Jersey Leased U.S. Retail and Brand Portfolio 683,000 U.S. retail stores (1) 
 501 various U.S. locations 
 Leased U.S. Retail 10,092,000 Canada retail stores (2) 
 138 various Canadian locations 
 Leased Canada Retail 1,093,000 Showrooms 6 various U.S. locations 
 Leased Brand Portfolio 94,000 Foreign sourcing offices 1 location in China and 1 location in Brazil 
 Leased Brand Portfolio 117,000 
 (1) Our DSW U.S. stores average approximately 20,100 square feet. Most of the store leases are for a fixed term with options for extension periods, exercisable at our option. 
 (2) The Shoe Company and DSW stores in Canada average approximately 7,900 square feet. Most of the store leases are for a fixed term with options for extension periods, exercisable at our option. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information set forth in Note 14 , Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings , of the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 COMMON SHARES 
 
 Our Class A common shares are listed for trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "DBI." There is currently no public market for the Company's Class B common shares, but the Class B common shares can be converted into the Company's Class A common shares at the election of the holder on a share-for-share basis. Holders of Class A common shares are entitled to one vote per share and holders of Class B common shares are entitled to eight votes per share on matters submitted to shareholders for approval. As of March 9, 2023, there were 201 holders of record of our Class A common shares and 13 holders of record of our Class B common shares. Th e number of holders of record is based upon the actual number of holders registered at such date and does not include holders of shares in "street names" or persons, partnerships, associates, corporations, or other entities identified in security position listings maintained by depositories. 
 
 19 

Table of contents 

 DIVIDENDS 
 
 The payment of any future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and is based on our future earnings, cash flow, financial condition, capital requirements, changes in taxation laws, general economic condition, and any other relevant factors. It is anticipated that dividends will be declared on a quarterly basis. 
 
 On March 15, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of 0.05 per share for both Class A and Class B common shares. The dividend will be paid on April 14, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, 2023. 
 
 SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM 
 
 On August 17, 2017, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 500 million of Class A common shares under our share repurchase program, which was added to the 33.5 million remaining from the previous authorization. A s of January 28, 2023 , 187.4 million of Class A common shares remained available for repurchase under the program. The share repurchase program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, and we have no obligation to repurchase any amount of our Class A common shares under the program. Shares will be repurchased in the open market at times and in amounts considered appropriate based on price and market conditions. 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs October 30, 2022 to November 26, 2022 (1) 
 6 14.61 187,386 November 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 187,386 January 1, 2023 to January 28, 2023 (1) 
 1 9.09 187,386 7 14.36 
 (1) The total number of shares repurchased represents shares withheld in connection with tax payments due upon vesting of employee restricted stock awards. 
 
 RESTRICTIONS 
 
 The ABL Revolver contains customary covenants restricting our activities, including limitations on the ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock. There are specific exceptions to these covenants including, in some cases, upon satisfying specified payment conditions based on availability. 
 
 20 

Table of contents 

 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The following graph compares our cumulative total shareholder return on our Class A common shares with the cumulative total returns of the Standard and Poor's ("S P") MidCap 400 Index and the S P MidCap 400 Retail Index, both of which are published indices. The comparison of the cumulative total returns for each investment assumes that 100 was invested on February 3, 2018 and that all dividends were reinvested. This comparison includes the period beginning February 3, 2018 and ended January 28, 2023. 

Company / Index February 3, 2018 February 2, 2019 February 1, 2020 January 30, 2021 January 29, 2022 January 28, 2023 Designer Brands Inc. 100.00 142.06 79.84 69.80 72.88 57.85 S P MidCap 400 Index 100.00 97.58 108.18 128.14 142.95 145.97 S P MidCap 400 Retail Index 100.00 102.05 101.01 176.31 178.58 164.63 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that involve various risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information for Purposes of the "Safe Harbor" Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 on page ii for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks, and assumptions associated with these statements. This discussion is best read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. The results of operations for the periods reflected herein are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for future periods, and our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those listed under Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K and included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

The following discussion includes a comparison of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for 2022 and 2021. Except where it may be useful in understanding 2022 results, we have omitted discussion of results for 2020, which may be found in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2022. 
 
 21 

Table of contents 

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW AND TRENDS IN OUR BUSINESS 
 
 For 2022, net sales increased 3.7 and comparable sales increased 4.4 over last year. During 2022, net sales from our Owned Brands increased 32.1 over last year, with Owned Brands representing 24.4 of consolidated net sales as compared to 19.2 for last year. The increase in net sales from our Owned Brands demonstrates progress toward our long-term goal of doubling net sales from our Owned Brands by 2026 (using 2021 net sales as a baseline). Gross profit as a percentage of sales for 2022 was lower when compared to last year's record-setting results. This decrease is primarily attributable to a more promotional retail environment in 2022, as the industry experienced a shift from tighter inventory positions to excess inventory, resulting in us also being more promotional. In addition, we strategically increased our clearance assortment in order for us to attract customers who are more value-oriented, and this allowed us to manage our inventory more effectively and proactively. However, gross profit as a percentage of sales for 2022 was higher than the pre-COVID-19 rate in 2019; this increase was primarily driven by the increased Owned Brands penetration. 
 
 At the beginning of 2023, we completed the acquisition of the Keds business from Wolverine World Wide, Inc. This expands our Owned Brands' reach into casual and athleisure footwear in the wholesale and direct-to-consumer e-commerce channels, supplementing the additions of Le Tigre and Topo during 2022. This acquisition also marks our first Owned Brand wholesale business within the kids' footwear segment and supports our Owned Brand strategy. 
 
 EFFECTS OF INFLATION AND GLOBAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
 
 A downturn in global economic conditions, most notably inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, changes in employment levels, significant foreign currency volatility, and the growing concerns of a potential recession, may adversely impact discretionary consumer income levels and spending. Consumer spending on discretionary items, including our products, generally declines during periods of economic uncertainty, when disposable income is reduced, or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Moreover, we are unable to predict the severity of macroeconomic uncertainty, whether or when such circumstances may improve or worsen, or the full impact such circumstances could have on our business. 
 
 In 2022, the U.S. experienced significantly heightened inflationary pressures, which we expect to continue into 2023. We are subject to inflationary pressures, including increases in the costs of merchandise, transportation, and compensation, which we offset in the first half of 2022 with pricing increases and being less promotional. However, competitive pricing pressure has been exacerbated by a more promotional retail environment as the industry experienced a shift from tighter inventory positions to excess inventory and as macroeconomic conditions impact discretionary consumer spending. During the second half of 2022, our net sales and gross profit declined as we became more promotional under this competitive landscape. These factors could require us to enact mitigating operating efficiency measures that could have a material adverse effect on business, operations, and results of operations. 
 
 IMPACT OF COVID-19 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect on our results of operations and may continue to impact the global economy, including disrupted supply chain operations globally, temporary factory closures, vessel, container and other transportation shortages, and port congestion. Such disruptions have at times reduced our availability of inventory while at other times have caused excess inventory as the timing of inventory receipts has been disrupted. Disruptions may continue especially in geographic locations where government responses may result in mandated quarantines and closures of facilities and operations we depend on. The COVID-19 pandemic has and is likely to continue to result in social, economic, and labor instability in the markets in which we and our third-party vendors operate. The long-term economic impact and near-term financial impacts of COVID-19, including, but not limited to, possible impairment, restructuring, or other charges, as well as the overall business on our business and results of operations, cannot be reliably estimated at this time due to the uncertainty of future developments. 
 
 22 

Table of contents 

 FINANCIAL SUMMARY AND OTHER KEY METRICS 
 Net sales increased to 3.3 billion for 2022 from 3.2 billion for 2021 . 
 G ross profit as a percentage of net sales was 32.6 for 2022, a decrease from 33.4 in 2021, but an increase from the 2019 pre-COVID-19 rate of 28.6 . 
 Net income attributable to Designer Brands Inc. for 2022 was 162.7 million, or 2.26 per diluted share, which included net after-tax benefits of 29.0 million, or 0.41 per diluted share, primarily related to the change in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, partially offset by the loss on extinguishment of debt and write-off of debt issuance costs, restructuring and termination costs, CEO transition costs, impairment charges, and acquisition costs. Net income for 2021 was 154.5 million, or 2.00 per diluted share, which included net after-tax benefits of 23.2 million, or 0.30 per diluted share, primarily related to the change in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, partially offset by restructuring charges and target acquisition costs. 
 
 Comparable Sales Performance Metric- The following table presents the percent change in comparable sales for each segment and in total: 
 2022 2021 Change in comparable sales: U.S. Retail segment 2.0 55.0 Canada Retail segment 28.8 20.1 Brand Portfolio segment - direct-to-consumer channel 34.5 30.9 Total 4.4 51.6 
 
 We consider the percent change in comparable sales from the same previous year period, a primary metric commonly used throughout the retail industry, to be an important measurement for management and investors of the performance of our direct-to-consumer businesses. We include in our comparable sales metric sales from stores in operation for at least 14 months at the beginning of the applicable year. Stores are added to the comparable base at the beginning of the year and are dropped for comparative purposes in the quarter in which they are closed. Comparable sales include stores temporarily closed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as management believes that this metric is meaningful to monitor our performance. Comparable sales also include e-commerce sales. Comparable sales for the Canada Retail segment exclude the impact of foreign currency translation and are calculated by translating current period results at the foreign currency exchange rate used in the comparable period of the prior year. Comparable sales for the Brand Portfolio segment include the direct-to-consumer e-commerce site www.vincecamuto.com. The calculation of comparable sales varies across the retail industry and, as a result, the calculations of other retail companies may not be consistent with our calculation. 
 
 Number of Stores- At the end of the last two fiscal years, we had the following number of stores: 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 U.S. Retail segment - DSW stores 501 508 Canada Retail segment: The Shoe Company stores 113 115 DSW stores 25 25 138 140 Total number of stores 639 648 
 
 23 

Table of contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following table presents our consolidated results of operations with associated percentages of net sales: 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 Change Amount of Net Sales Amount of Net Sales Amount Net sales 3,315,428 100.0 3,196,583 100.0 118,845 3.7 Cost of sales (2,236,203) (67.4) (2,127,946) (66.6) (108,257) 5.1 Gross profit 1,079,225 32.6 1,068,637 33.4 10,588 1.0 Operating expenses (896,382) (27.1) (870,682) (27.2) (25,700) 3.0 Income from equity investments 8,864 0.3 8,986 0.3 (122) (1.4) Impairment charges (4,317) (0.1) (1,720) (0.1) (2,597) 151.0 Operating profit 187,390 5.7 205,221 6.4 (17,831) (8.7) Interest expense, net (14,874) (0.5) (32,129) (1.0) 17,255 (53.7) Loss on extinguishment of debt and write-off of debt issuance costs (12,862) (0.4) (12,862) NM Non-operating expenses, net (130) (67) (63) 94.0 Income before income taxes 159,524 4.8 173,025 5.4 (13,501) (7.8) Income tax benefit (provision) 3,142 0.1 (18,544) (0.6) 21,686 NM Net income 162,666 4.9 154,481 4.8 8,185 5.3 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 10 10 NM Net income attributable to Designer Brands Inc. 162,676 4.9 154,481 4.8 8,195 5.3 Earnings per share attributable to Designer Brands Inc.: Basic earnings per share 2.41 2.12 0.29 13.7 Diluted earnings per share 2.26 2.00 0.26 13.0 Weighted average shares used in per share calculations: Basic shares 67,603 73,024 (5,421) (7.4) Diluted shares 72,101 77,268 (5,167) (6.7) 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 24 

Table of contents 

 NET SALES 
 
 The following table summarizes net sales by segment: 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Amount of Total Segment Net Sales Amount of Total Segment Net Sales Amount Comparable Sales Segment net sales: U.S. Retail 2,791,513 82.0 2,769,706 84.2 21,807 0.8 2.0 Canada Retail 283,241 8.3 234,809 7.1 48,432 20.6 28.8 Brand Portfolio 327,715 9.7 286,024 8.7 41,691 14.6 34.5 Total segment net sales 3,402,469 100.0 3,290,539 100.0 111,930 3.4 4.4 Elimination of intersegment net sales (87,041) (93,956) 6,915 (7.4) Consolidated net sales 3,315,428 3,196,583 118,845 3.7 
 
 The increase in net sales during 2022 over last year was primarily due to the increase in comparable sales across all segments, primarily related to the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 that resulted in significantly reduced store traffic in the U.S. Retail and Canada Retail segments, with the Canada Retail segment also impacted by mandated closures and restrictions in certain key markets. In addition, wholesale sales in the Brand Portfolio segment were higher during 2022, as compared to last year, due to increased orders as our retailer customers had similar results as our retail segments. These increases were partially offset by the impact of a shift towards being more promotional in the U.S. Retail and Brand Portfolio segments during the second half of 2022, net store closures since the end of 2021, and the unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of the Canada Retail segment net sales. 
 
 GROSS PROFIT 
 
 The following table summarizes gross profit by segment: 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Change Amount of Segment Net Sales Amount of Segment Net Sales Amount Basis Points Segment gross profit: U.S. Retail 904,583 32.4 933,555 33.7 (28,972) (3.1) (130) Canada Retail 99,121 35.0 76,728 32.7 22,393 29.2 230 Brand Portfolio 72,006 22.0 66,774 23.3 5,232 7.8 (130) Total segment gross profit 1,075,710 31.6 1,077,057 32.7 (1,347) (0.1) (110) Net recognition (elimination) of intersegment gross profit 3,515 (8,420) 11,935 Consolidated gross profit 1,079,225 32.6 1,068,637 33.4 10,588 1.0 (80) 
 
 The increase in consolidated gross profit was primarily driven by increased sales during 2022 over last year, partially offset by higher freight and distribution costs and a shift towards being more promotional in the U.S. Retail and Brand Portfolio segments during the second half of 2022. For the Canada Retail segment, the shift toward being more promotional happened later in 2022 resulting in less of an impact to the full fiscal year. Higher distribution costs within the U.S. Retail segment were primarily driven by moving our digital fulfillment activities from our Ohio location to our New Jersey location, which resulted in recognizing approximately 16.0 million of additional distribution costs, including accelerated depreciation and termination costs. 
 
 25 

Table of contents 

 The net recognition (elimination) of intersegment gross profit consisted of the following: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Recognition (elimination) of intersegment activity: Net sales recognized by Brand Portfolio segment (87,041) (93,956) Cost of sales: Cost of sales recognized by Brand Portfolio segment 58,234 62,039 Recognition of intersegment gross profit for inventory previously purchased that was subsequently sold to external customers during the current period 32,322 23,497 3,515 (8,420) 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 Operating expenses increased by 25.7 million during 2022 as compared to last year, primarily driven by an increase in store payroll and costs as a result of severance activity, the dissolution of a joint venture, and the CEO transition. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales slightly improved to 27.1 in 2022 compared to 27.2 in 2021, due to the improvement in net sales over last year as we leveraged our fixed costs. 
 
 IMPAIRMENT CHARGES 
 
 During 2022, we recorded impairment charges of 4.3 million, primarily in the Brand Portfolio segment resulting from subleases of abandoned leased spaces. During 2021, we recorded impairment charges of 1.7 million, including 1.2 million in the U.S. Retail segment for abandoned equipment we replaced and 0.5 million in the Brand Portfolio segment for the sublease of an abandoned leased space. 
 
 INTEREST EXPENSE, NET 
 
 For 2022, interest expense, net, decreased by 17.3 million over last year, primarily due to the termination of the senior secured term loan ("Term Loan") in the first quarter of 2022, which had a higher interest rate than the ABL Revolver. The decrease was partially offset by a higher average debt balance during 2022 over 2021. 
 
 LOSS ON EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT AND WRITE-OFF OF DEBT ISSUANCE COSTS 
 
 In connection with the settlement of our Term Loan on February 8, 2022, we incurred a 12.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt, composed of a 6.9 million prepayment premium and a 5.7 million write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. As a result of the replacement of the ABL Revolver during 2022, we also wrote off 0.2 million of debt issuance costs. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 
 The effective tax rate was negative 2.0 for 2022, as compared to a positive 10.7 for 2021. The rate for 2022 was the result of releasing 55.7 million of the valuation allowance partially offset by the permanent tax adjustments, primarily non-deductible compensation. The rate for 2021 was the result of maintaining a full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, while also recording net discrete tax benefits, primarily as a result of adjustments to our estimated 2020 return reflecting implemented tax strategies. 
 
 26 

Table of contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Our primary ongoing operating cash flow requirements are for inventory purchases, payments on lease obligations and licensing royalty commitments, other working capital needs, and c apital expenditures. Our working capital and inventory levels fluctuate seasonally. 
 
 During 2022, we repurchased 10.7 million Class A common shares at an aggregate cost of 147.5 million. As of January 28, 2023, 187.4 million of Class A common shares remained available for repurchase under the share repurchase program. During 2021 , we did not repurchase any Class A common shares. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we received 120.3 million of our income tax receivable from the Internal Revenue Service as a result of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. We expect to receive the remaining income tax receivable of 44.0 million within the next 12 months. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, we acquired a 79.4 ownership interest in Topo for 19.1 million in cash. We have an exclusive call option to purchase the remaining 20.6 ownership interest in Topo upon the occurrence of certain events or after a period of two years following the close of the transaction. The noncontrolling interest holders also have a put option with respect to the remaining 20.6 ownership interest in Topo upon the occurrence of certain events or after a period of three years following the close of the transaction. The redemption price is defined in the operating agreement and is based primarily on a fixed multiple of Topo's trailing 12 months of adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and other agreed upon adjustments. On February 4, 2023, we completed the acquisition of the Keds business from Wolverine World Wide, Inc. for 123.3 million, funded with available cash and borrowings on the ABL Revolver. 
 
 The following table summarizes our material undiscounted cash requirements for 2023 and future fiscal years thereafter, and provides reference for each item to the relevant note of the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K: 
 (in thousands) Note Reference 2023 Future Fiscal Years Thereafter Total Debt maturities Note 12 281,035 281,035 Fixed minimum lease payments 
 Note 13 215,908 718,801 934,709 Noncancelable purchase obligations 
 Note 14 13,831 10,589 24,420 Guaranteed minimum royalty payments 
 Note 14 31,159 195,496 226,655 
 
 We are committed to a cash management strategy that maintains liquidity to adequately support the operation of the business, pursue our growth strategy, and withstand unanticipated business volatility, including the impacts of the global economic conditions on our results of operations. We believe that cash generated from our operations, together with our current levels of cash, as well as the availability of our ABL Revolver, are sufficient to maintain our ongoing operations, support seasonal working capital requirements, fund acquisitions and capital expenditures, and repurchase common shares under our share repurchase program over the next 12 months and beyond. 
 
 The following table presents the key categories of our consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 201,426 171,429 29,997 Net cash used in investing activities (88,117) (35,028) (53,089) Net cash used in financing activities (128,479) (121,490) (6,989) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances (523) (33) (490) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (15,693) 14,878 (30,571) 
 
 27 

Table of contents 

 OPERATING CASH FLOWS 
 
 The increase in net cash provided by operations was largely driven by the receipt of 120.3 million of our income tax receivable from the Internal Revenue Service during 2022. This was partially offset by higher spend on working capital due to earlier receipts with normal vendor payment terms this year compared to last year when we experienced shipping delays and extended vendor payment terms as a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, net income recognized during 2022 was lower than last year after adjusting for non-cash activity, including changes in deferred income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and the loss from extinguishment of debt and write-off of debt issuance costs. 
 
 INVESTING CASH FLOWS 
 For 2022, net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to capital expenditures of 55.0 million relating to infrastructure and IT projects, new stores, store improvements, the acquisition of Topo for 19.1 million, and our investment in Le Tigre for 8.2 million. For 2021, the net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to capital expenditures of 33.0 million relating to infrastructure and IT projects, new stores, and store improvements. 
 
 FINANCING CASH FLOWS 
 
 During 2022, the net cash used in financing activities was due to the payment of 238.2 million for the settlement of the Term Loan, the repurchase of 10.7 million Class A common shares at an aggregate cost of 147.5 million, and the payment of dividends of 13.5 million, partially offset by the net receipts of 281.0 million from our revolving lines of credit. During 2021, the net cash used in financing activities was due to net payments of 100.0 million from our revolving lines of credit and payments of 12.5 million on the Term Loan. 
 
 DEBT 
 
 ABL Revolver- On March 30, 2022, we replaced our previous senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility with our current ABL Revolver, which provides a revolving line of credit of up to 550.0 million, including a Canadian sub-limit of up to 55.0 million, a 75.0 million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit, a 55.0 million sub-limit for swing-loan advances for U.S. borrowings, and a 5.5 million sub-limit for swing-loan advances for Canadian borrowings. Our ABL Revolver matures in March 2027 and is secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all of our personal property assets, including credit card receivables and inventory. The ABL Revolver may be used to provide funds for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, other expenditures, and permitted acquisitions as defined by the credit facility agreement. The amount of credit available is limited to a borrowing base formulated on, among other things, a percentage of the book value of eligible inventory and credit card receivables, as reduced by certain reserves. As of January 28, 2023, the ABL Revolver had a borrowing base of 529.9 million, with 281.0 million in outstanding borrowings and 5.0 million in letters of credit issued, resulting in 243.9 million available for borrowings. 
 
 Debt Covenants- As of January 28, 2023, the ABL Revolver required us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant of not less than 1:1 when availability is less than the greater of 41.3 million or 10.0 of the maximum borrowing amount. The ABL Revolver also contains customary covenants restricting certain activities, including limitations on our ability to sell assets, engage in acquisitions, enter into transactions involving related parties, incur additional debt, grant liens on assets, pay dividends or repurchase stock, and make certain other changes. There are specific exceptions to these covenants including, in some cases, upon satisfying specified payment conditions based on availability. As of January 28, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial covenants contained in the ABL Revolver. 
 
 ABL Revolver Amendment- On February 28, 2023, the ABL Revolver was amended to increase the available capacity under the revolving line of credit from 550.0 million to 600.0 million and to add a first-in last-out term loan (the "FILO Term Loan") of up to 30.0 million, which was drawn in full on the date of the amendment, subject to a borrowing base. The FILO Term Loan may be repaid in full, but not in part, so long as certain payment conditions are satisfied. Once repaid, no portion of the FILO Term Loan may be reborrowed. The maturity date of the ABL Revolver did not change and is applicable to the FILO Term Loan. The ABL Revolver was also amended to change the period during which we are required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1:1 when availability is less than the greater of 47.3 million or 10 of the maximum borrowing amount . 
 
 Termination of Term Loan - On February 8, 2022, we settled in full the 231.3 million principal amount outstanding on that date under our Term Loan. In connection with this settlement, we incurred a 12.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt, composed of a 6.9 million prepayment premium and a 5.7 million write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 28 

Table of contents 

 Refer to Note 12, Debt , of the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for further information about our debt arrangements. 
 
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE PLANS 
 
 We expect to spend approximately 50.0 million to 70.0 million for capital expenditures in 2023. Our future investments will depend primarily on the number of stores we open and remodel, infrastructure and IT projects that we undertake, and the timing of these expenditures. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 There are no recent accounting pronouncements that are expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements when adopted. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 As discussed in Note 1, Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies , of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K, the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We base these estimates and judgments on factors we believe to be relevant, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The process of determining significant estimates is fact-specific and takes into account factors such as historical experience, current and expected economic conditions, product mix, and, in some cases, actuarial and valuation techniques. We constantly reevaluate these significant factors and make adjustments where facts and circumstances dictate. While we believe that the factors considered provide a meaningful basis for the accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, we cannot guarantee that our estimates and assumptions will be accurate. As the determination of these estimates requires the exercise of judgment, actual results may differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We believe the following represent the most significant accounting policies, critical estimates and assumptions, among others, used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 
 Policy Judgments and Estimates Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions Inventories- The U.S. Retail segment inventory is accounted for using the retail inventory method, which is stated at the lower of cost or market. Under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross profits are determined by applying a calculated cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories. The cost basis of inventories reflected on the balance sheet is decreased by charges to cost of sales at the time that the retail value of the inventory is lowered by markdowns. The Canada Retail and Brand Portfolio segments account for inventory using the moving average cost method and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. For all inventories, we also monitor excess and obsolete inventories that may need to be liquidated at amounts below cost. We perform physical inventory counts or cycle counts on all inventory on hand throughout the year and adjust the recorded balance to reflect the results. We record estimated shrink between physical inventory counts, based on historical experience and recent results, less amounts realized. 
 Inherent in the calculation of inventories are certain significant judgments and estimates, including setting the original merchandise retail value, markdowns, shrink, and liquidation values. The shrink reserve is calculated as a percentage of sales from the last physical inventory date, based on both historical experience and recent physical inventory results, less amounts realized. Aged inventory may be written down using estimated liquidation values and cost of disposal based on historical experience. If the reduction to inventories for markdowns, shrink, and aged inventories were to increase by 10 , cost of sales would increase by approximately 4.1 million. 
 
 29 

Table of contents 

 Policy Judgments and Estimates Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions Asset Impairment of Long-Lived Assets- We periodically evaluate the carrying amount of our long-lived assets, primarily property and equipment and operating lease assets, when events and circumstances warrant such a review to ascertain if any assets have been impaired. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group is considered impaired when the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds the expected future cash flows from the asset or asset group. The impairment loss recognized is the excess of the carrying value of the asset or asset group over its fair value. 
 Our reviews are conducted at the lowest identifiable level, which typically is at the store level for the majority of our long-lived assets. Fair value at the store level is typically based on projected discounted cash flows over the remaining lease term. We also review construction-in-progress projects, including internal-use software under development, for recoverability when we have a strategic shift in our plans. A 10 change in our projected cash flows for our store fleet would not result in a material amount of additional impairment charges. To the extent that these future projections or our strategies change, the conclusion regarding impairment may differ from our current estimates. Impairment of Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets- We evaluate goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment annually during our fourth quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change, such as material deterioration in performance or a significant and sustained decline in our stock price, that would indicate that impairment may exist. When evaluating for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that there is an impairment. If we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if we determine that it is more likely than not that the carrying value exceeds its fair value, we will calculate the estimated fair value. Fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay and is typically calculated using a discounted cash flow analysis. Where deemed appropriate, we may also utilize a market approach for estimating fair value. Impairment charges are calculated as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, but not to exceed the carrying value. 
 When assessing goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment, our decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment is influenced by a number of factors, including the significance of the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value at the last assessment date and the amount of time since the last quantitative fair value assessments. Our quantitative impairment calculations contain uncertainties, as we are required to make assumptions and to apply judgment when estimating future cash flows, including projected revenue and operating results, as well as selecting appropriate discount rates and an assumed royalty rate. Estimates of revenue and operating results are based on internal projections considering past performance and forecasted changes, strategic initiatives, and the business environment impacting performance. Discount rates and a royalty rate are selected based on market participant assumptions. These estimates are highly subjective, and our ability to realize the future cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the success of strategic initiatives, changes in economic conditions, changes in our operating performance and changes in our business strategies. As of January 28, 2023, we had 93.7 million of goodwill within the U.S. Retail segment, which is also the reporting unit, and 14.9 million in indefinite-lived tradenames within the Canada Retail segment. In addition, we have an immaterial amount of goodwill as a result of the Topo acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2022 that is based on certain preliminary valuations and analysis. We performed a qualitative impairment assessment for the goodwill in the U.S. Retail segment and determined it is not more likely than not that there is an impairment. In addition, we determined that the fair values of the indefinite-lived intangibles were in excess of their carrying values and a 10 decrease in fair values would not result in a material impairment charge. As we periodically reassess estimated future cash flows and asset fair values, changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to realize material impairment charges in the future. 
 Leases- We recognize lease liabilities based on the present value of the future fixed lease commitments over the lease term with corresponding lease assets. The majority of our real estate leases provide for renewal options, which are typically not included in the lease term used for measuring the lease assets and lease liabilities as it is not reasonably certain we will exercise options. 
 We determine the discount rate for each lease by estimating the rate that we would be required to pay on a secured borrowing for an amount equal to the lease payments over the lease term. As of January 28, 2023, a change in our discount rate of 100 basis points would have changed the recorded operating lease assets and liabilities by approximately 23.0 million. 
 
 30 

Table of contents 

 Policy Judgments and Estimates Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions Income Taxes- We determine the aggregate amount of income tax provision or benefit to accrue and the amount that will be currently receivable or payable based upon tax statutes of each jurisdiction in which we do business. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, as a result of these timing differences, are reflected on our balance sheet for temporary differences that are expected to reverse in subsequent years. A valuation allowance is established against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We review and update our tax positions as necessary to add any new uncertain tax positions taken, or to remove previously identified uncertain positions that have been adequately resolved. Additionally, uncertain positions may be remeasured as warranted by changes in facts or law. 
 Our ability to recover deferred tax assets depends on several factors, including the amount of net operating losses we can carry back and our ability to project future taxable income. In evaluating future taxable income, significant weight is given to positive and negative evidence that is objectively verifiable. In addition, tax laws, regulations, and policies in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change due to economic, political and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in estimating amounts for income taxes. There may be transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of tax laws, regulations, and policies will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretation. In addition, state, local or foreign jurisdictions may enact tax laws that could result in further changes to taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 As of January 28, 2023, our deferred tax assets were reserved with a valuation allowance of 14.0 million. We also had gross unrecognized tax benefits of 15.8 million. However, we may have material adjustments in the future that may impact our income tax amounts based on additional information, additional guidance or revised interpretations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We have market risk exposure related to interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. Market risk is measured as the potential negative impact on earnings, cash flows, or fair values resulting from a hypothetical change in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates over the next year. We currently do not utilize hedging instruments to mitigate these market risks. 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 
 As of January 28, 2023 , we had 281.0 million outstanding on our revolving line of credit under our ABL Revolver. Borrowings and letters of credit issued under the ABL Revolver accrue interest based on variable rates of interest, which expose us to interest rate market risks, particularly during a period of rising interest rates. The impact of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates on our revolving line of credit would not result in a material amount of additional expense over a 12-month period based on the balance as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK 
 
 We are exposed to the impact of foreign exchange rate risk primarily through our operations in Canada, where the functional currency is the Canadian dollar, as well as foreign-denominated cash accounts. A hypothetical 10 movement in the exchange rates could result in a change of 4.2 million of foreign currency revaluation, which would be recorded in non-operating income (expenses), net, within the consolidated statements of operations and an immaterial impact to other comprehensive loss. 
 
 31 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Designer Brands Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Designer Brands Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 32 

Table of contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Inventories Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The U.S. Retail segment, which includes stores operated in the U.S. under the DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse banner and its related e-commerce site, accounts for inventory using the retail inventory method and is stated at the lower of cost or market. Under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross profits are determined by applying a calculated cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories. The cost basis of inventories reflected on the balance sheet is decreased by charges to cost of sales at the time the retail value of the inventory is lowered by markdowns. 
 
 Inherent in the valuation of inventory are certain significant judgments and estimates, including estimating inventory markdowns, which can significantly impact the ending inventory valuation and the resulting gross profit. Earnings are negatively impacted as the merchandise is marked down prior to sale. 
 
 Given the significant estimates and assumptions management utilizes to measure inventory markdowns at period end, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort is required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of estimates and assumptions. Such estimates are based on the timing and completeness of recorded markdowns. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the completeness of estimated inventory markdowns included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design and effectiveness of controls over the timing and completeness of estimated inventory markdowns, including management's controls over the valuation of the estimated inventory markdown reserves, and the approval of lowering the retail value of inventory through markdowns. 
 We evaluated management's ability to accurately estimate inventory markdowns by comparing estimated inventory markdowns as of January 28, 2023 to subsequent sales of clearance inventory. 
 We observed physical inventory counts throughout the fiscal year, including merchandise designated for clearance. We assessed inventory aging and sell through as of March 2023. 
 We tested the amount of estimated inventory markdowns by evaluating management's calculation. 
 We developed an independent expectation for inventory markdowns based on historical inventory balances and compared our expectation to the amount recorded by management. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

March 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1997. 
 
 33 

Table of contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Operating expenses ) ) ) Income from equity investments Impairment charges ) ) ) Operating profit (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt and write-off of debt issuance costs ) Non-operating income (expenses), net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) Net income (loss) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to Designer Brands Inc. ) Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Designer Brands Inc.: Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Weighted average shares used in per share calculations: Basic shares Diluted shares 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 34 

Table of contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: Foreign currency translation loss ) ) ) Unrealized net gain on debt securities Reclassification adjustment for net gains realized in net income (loss) ) Total other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Designer Brands Inc. ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 35 

Table of contents 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Equity investments Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interest Shareholders' equity: Common shares paid in-capital, no par value Treasury shares, at cost ) ) Retained earnings (deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 36 

Table of contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Number of Shares Amounts (in thousands, except per share amounts) Class A Common Shares Class B Common Shares Treasury Shares Common Shares Paid in Capital Treasury Shares Retained Earnings (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Balance, February 1, 2020 ) ) Net loss attributable to Designer Brands Inc. ) ) Stock-based compensation activity Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, January 30, 2021 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Designer Brands Inc. Stock-based compensation activity Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance, January 29, 2022 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Designer Brands Inc. Stock-based compensation activity Repurchase of Class A common shares ) ) ) Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance, January 28, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 37 

Table of contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Income from equity investments ) ) ) Distributions received from equity investments Impairment charges Loss on extinguishment of debt and write-off of debt issuance costs Gain on settlement ) Other Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquired amounts: Accounts receivables Income tax receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses ) Operating lease assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash paid for property and equipment ) ) ) Equity investment in Le Tigre ) Sales of available-for-sale investments Proceeds from settlement Cash paid for business acquisition ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowing on revolving lines of credit Payments on revolving lines of credit ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Term Loan Payments for borrowings and prepayment premium under Term Loan ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Cash paid for treasury shares ) Dividends paid ) ) Cash paid for income taxes for stock-based compensation shares withheld ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid (received) for income taxes ) ) Cash paid for interest on debt Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Non-cash investing and financing activities: Property and equipment purchases not yet paid Operating lease liabilities arising from lease asset additions Net increase to operating lease assets and lease liabilities for modifications 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 38 

Table of contents 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 
 Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
 40 
 Note 2 
 Acquisition 
 47 
 Note 3 
 Revenue 
 48 
 Note 4 
 Related Party Transactions 
 51 
 Note 5 
 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 51 
 Note 6 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 52 
 Note 7 
 Shareholders' Equity 
 53 
 Note 8 
 Receivables 
 54 
 Note 9 
 Property Equipment 
 54 
 Note 10 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 55 
 Note 11 
 Accrued Expenses 
 56 
 Note 12 
 Debt 
 56 
 Note 13 
 Leases 
 57 
 Note 14 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 58 
 Note 15 
 Income Taxes 
 58 
 Note 16 
 Segment Reporting 
 61 
 Note 17 
 Subsequent Events 
 62 

39 

Table of contents 

1. 
 
 reportable segments: the U.S. Retail segment, the Canada Retail segment, and the Brand Portfolio segment. The U.S. Retail segment operates the DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse ("DSW") banner through its direct-to-consumer U.S. stores and e-commerce site. The Canada Retail segment operates The Shoe Company and DSW banners through its direct-to-consumer Canada stores and e-commerce sites. The Brand Portfolio segment earns revenue from the wholesale of products to retailers and international distributors, commissions for serving retailers as the design and buying agent for products under private labels (referred to as "First Cost"), and the sale of our branded products through direct-to-consumer e-commerce sites at www.vincecamuto.com and www.topoathletic.com. Our equity investments in ABG-Camuto, LLC ("ABG-Camuto") and Le Tigre 360 Global LLC ("Le Tigre") are an integral part of the Brand Portfolio segment. In partnership with Authentic Brands Group LLC, a global brand management and marketing company, we have a ownership interest in ABG-Camuto, a joint venture that owns the intellectual property rights of Vince Camuto and others. ABG-Camuto is responsible for the growth and marketing of the brands held by the joint venture. We have entered into a licensing agreement with ABG-Camuto, whereby we pay royalties to ABG-Camuto based on the sales of licensed products, subject to guaranteed minimums. ABG-Camuto also earns royalties on sales from third parties that license the brand names to produce non-footwear product categories. In July 2022, we acquired a ownership interest in Le Tigre, which manages the Le Tigre brand. We entered into a license agreement with Le Tigre, whereby we pay royalties to Le Tigre based on the sales of the Le Tigre brand, subject to guaranteed minimums. The license agreement provides us the exclusive right to design, source, and sell Le Tigre branded footwear . W e recognize equity investments and earnings under the equity method within the Brand Portfolio segment. In addition, we own the licensing rights for footwear of the Jessica Simpson brand and for footwear and handbags of the Lucky Brand. Our other operating segment, which we exited during 2020, is below the quantitative and qualitative thresholds for a reportable segment and is aggregated into Other for segment reporting purposes. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, we acquired a ownership interest in Topo Athletic LLC ("Topo"), a designer of specialty athletic footwear that sells its Topo branded products at wholesale to retailers and international distributors and through its direct-to-consumer e-commerce site at www.topoathletic.com. The Topo acquisition provides us with expanded capabilities within the athletic footwear market. Topo is included within our Brand Portfolio segment. 

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

40 

Table of contents 

In March 2020, the U.S. government enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act"), which, among other things, provided employer payroll tax credits for wages paid to associates who were unable to work over a defined period and options to defer payroll tax payments. We qualified for certain employer payroll tax credits, which were treated as government subsidies to offset related operating expenses. Similar credits were also available in Canada. During 2021 and 2020, the qualified government credits reduced our operating expenses by million and million, respectively, on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 41 

Table of contents 
 ) ) Interest income ) ) ) 

million consisting of million in severance costs, million in accelerated stock-based compensation (net of stock awards forfeited), and million in retention stock awards to certain members of our leadership team and other related professional fees. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized million in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, with the remaining estimated million to be recorded in 2023. 
 
 Severance- During 2022, we incurred severance costs, excluding the severance related to the CEO transition, of million million, million and million for the U.S. Retail, Canada Retail, and Brand Portfolio segments, respe ctively). During 2021, we incurred severance costs of million million and million for the U.S. Retail and Brand Portfolio segments, respectively). 
 
 On March 18, 2020, to help control the spread of the coronavirus ("COVID-19") and protect the health and safety of our customers, associates, and the communities we serve, we temporarily closed all of our stores in the U.S. and Canada. In addition, we took several actions in late March 2020 to reduce costs and operations to levels that were more commensurate with then-current sales, including furloughs and pay reductions. During the second quarter and into the third quarter of 2020, we re-opened all of our stores, discontinued the furlough program, and restored pay for our associates that had taken pay reductions. Beginning in July 2020, we initiated an internal reorganization and reduction of our workforce with additional actions taken throughout 2020 and into the first quarter of 2021, resulting in the elimination of approximately associate positions. During 2020, we incurred restructuring costs, which consisted primarily of severance costs of million million, million and million for the U.S. Retail, Canada Retail, and Brand Portfolio segments, respectively). 
 
 As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, we had million and million, respectively, of severance liability included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 million, net of legal costs incurred, and recorded a gain to operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations that was due to a settlement with a vendor related to costs incurred on an internal-use software project that was capitalized and then impaired in a previous year. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, marketing costs were million, million and million, respectively. 

42 

Table of contents 

, whereas for 2021 and 2020 it was positive and , respectively. The rate for 2022 was the result of releasing million of the valuation allowance, partially offset by the permanent tax adjustments, primarily non-deductible compensation. The rate for 2021 was the result of maintaining a full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, while also recording net discrete tax benefits, primarily as a result of adjustments to our estimated 2020 return reflecting implemented tax strategies. The rate for 2020 was the result of recording a valuation allowance of million, partially offset by the ability to carry back current year losses to a tax year where the U.S. federal statutory tax rate was 35 . 
 
 We review and update our tax positions as necessary to add any new uncertain tax positions taken, or to remove previously 
 identified uncertain positions that have been adequately resolved. Additionally, uncertain positions may be remeasured as 
 warranted by changes in facts or law. Accounting for uncertain tax positions requires estimating the amount, timing and 
 likelihood of ultimate settlement. Although we believe that these estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from 
 these estimates. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases. Based on our current analysis of the provisions, we do not believe this legislation will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Restricted cash, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 43 

Table of contents 

Investment in Le Tigre Share of net earnings Distributions received ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 On July 1, 2022, we acquired a ownership interest in Le Tigre for million. We account for our investment in Le Tigre, where we exercise significant influence but do not have control, using the equity method. The difference between the purchase price of Le Tigre and our interest in Le Tigre's underlying net equity is comprised of a definite lived tradename intangible asset and equity method goodwill. Our share of net loss o f Le Tigre and amortization of the intangible asset is included in the share of net earnings, net, shown in the table above and income from equity investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 

of units sourced from China. In addition to the merchandise sourced through our Brand Portfolio segment, our U.S. Retail segment and Canada Retail segment also sources merchandise from both domestic and foreign third-party vendors. Many of our domestic vendors import a large portion of their merchandise from China. 
 
 We are also subject to risks due to the concentration of vendors within the U.S. Retail and Canada Retail segments. During 2022, three key third-party vendors together supplied approximately of our retail merchandise, with no individual vendor providing more than 10 of our retail merchandise. 
 44 

Table of contents 

million, primarily in the Brand Portfolio segment resulting from subleases of abandoned leased spaces. During 2021, we recorded impairment charges of million , including million in the U.S. Retail segment for abandoned equipment we replaced and million in the Brand Portfolio segment for the sublease of an abandoned leased space. 
 
 45 

Table of contents 

million million and million for the U.S. Retail and Canada Retail segments, respectively). Also, during 2020, we recorded an impairment charge of million for the Brand Portfolio segment customer relationship intangible asset resulting in a full impairment due to the lack of projected cash flows over the remaining useful life (categorized as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy). 
 
 million for the First Cost reporting unit in the Brand Portfolio segment, resulting in a full impairment. 

ownership interest in Topo upon the occurrence of certain events or after a defined period of time following the transaction close. The redemption price is based on the future performance of Topo. As a result of the redemption feature, we record the remaining interest in Topo as a redeemable noncontrolling interest in temporary equity on the consolidated balance sheets. The noncontrolling interest is adjusted each reporting period for the net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Each reporting period, a measurement period adjustment, if any, is then recorded to adjust the noncontrolling interest to the higher of either the redemption value, assuming it was redeemable at the reporting date, or its carrying value. Any adjustments are also recorded as net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest. 
 
 Acquisition fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Balance at end of period 
 
 46 

Table of contents 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized costs associated with matching contributions of million , million and million, respectively. 
 
 During 2022, we agreed to dissolve the joint venture along with related licensing and design and sourcing arrangements, which resulted in recording a termination fee of million to operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

2. 
 
 ownership interest in Topo for million in cash. We have an exclusive call option to purchase the remaining ownership interest in Topo upon the occurrence of certain events or after a period of two years following the close of the transaction. The noncontrolling interest holders also have a put option with respect to the remaining ownership interest in Topo upon the occurrence of certain events or after a period of three years following the close of the transaction. The redemption price is defined in the operating agreement and is based primarily on a fixed multiple of Topo's trailing 12 months of adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and other agreed upon adjustments. 
 
 Fair value of assets and liabilities acquired: Accounts receivables Inventories Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest ) 
 
 We recorded an allocation of the purchase price to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the redeemable noncontrolling interest based on their fair value at the acquisition date. The purchase price is subject to adjustments primarily based upon a working capital provision as provided by the purchase agreement. The allocation of the purchase price is based on certain preliminary valuations and analysis that have not been completed as of the date of this filing. Any subsequent changes in the estimated fair values assumed upon the finalization of more detailed analysis within the 
 47 

Table of contents 

years, respectively, and are based on the excess earnings method under the income approach. The fair value measurements are based on significant unobservable inputs, including discounted future cash flows and customer attrition rates. 
 
 The fair value measurement of the redeemable noncontrolling interest was calculated by considering the implied fair value of Topo using the purchase price and an estimated amount to redeem the noncontrolling interest. 
 
 The goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired and was primarily attributable to acquiring an established design and sourcing process for athletic footwear. Goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 The results of operations for Topo from the date of acquisition through the end of 2022, were not material and are included in the consolidated statements of operations within the Brand Portfolio segment. Pro forma results of operations reflecting the acquisition of Topo are not presented as the impact of Topo on our consolidated financial results would not have been material. We incurred million of acquisition-related costs in connection with the acquisition of Topo, which were included in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

3. 
 
 External customer wholesale and commission income Intersegment wholesale and commission income ) Total Owned Brands ) National brands Canada Retail (2) 
 Total net sales ) 2021 Owned Brands: (1) 
 Direct-to-consumer External customer wholesale and commission income Intersegment wholesale and commission income ) Total Owned Brands ) National brands Canada Retail (2) 
 Total net sales ) 
 48 

Table of contents 

 External customer wholesale and commission income Intersegment wholesale and commission income ) Total Owned Brands ) National brands Canada Retail (2) 
 Other (2) 
 Total net sales 
 (1) "Owned Brands" refers to those brands we have rights to sell through ownership or license arrangements. 
 (2) We currently do not report the Canada Retail segment net sales and Other by brand categories. Other represents discontinued revenue channels. 
 
 Net Sales by Product and Service Categories - The following table presents net sales disaggregated by product and service 
 categories for each segment: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales: U.S. Retail segment: Women's footwear Men's footwear Kids' footwear Accessories and other Canada Retail segment: Women's footwear Men's footwear Kids' footwear Accessories and other Brand Portfolio segment: Wholesale Commission income Direct-to-consumer Other Total segment net sales Elimination of intersegment sales ) ) ) Total net sales 
 
 49 

Table of contents 

Gift cards redeemed and breakage recognized to net sales ) ) ) Gift cards issued End of period Loyalty programs: Beginning of period Loyalty certificates redeemed and expired and other adjustments recognized to net sales ) ) ) Deferred revenue for loyalty points issued End of period 
 
 CUSTOMER ALLOWANCES 

Net sales reduced for estimated returns Actual returns during the period ) ) ) End of period Customer allowances and discounts: Beginning of period Net sales reduced for estimated allowances and discounts Actual allowances and discounts during the period ) ) ) End of period 
 
 As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the asset for recovery of merchandise returns was million and million, respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 50 

Table of contents 

 4. 
 
 of the Company's outstanding common shares, representing approximately of the combined voting power, consisting of, in the aggregate, million Class A common shares and million Class B common shares. The following summarizes the related party transactions with the Schottenstein Affiliates for the relevant periods: 
 
 Leases- We lease certain store and office locations that are owned by the Schottenstein Affiliates. We also leased a fulfillment center from a Schottenstein Affiliate through September 2022 that was not renewed. See Note 13 , Leases , for rent expense and future minimum lease payment requirements associated with the Schottenstein Affiliates. 
 
 Other Purchases and Services - During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had other purchases and services we incurred from the Schottenstein Affiliates of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Due to Related Parties- Amounts due to the Schottenstein Affiliates, other than operating lease liabilities, were immaterial for all periods presented. 
 
 EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS 
 
 ABG-Camuto- We have a ownership interest in ABG-Camuto. We have a licensing agreement with ABG-Camuto, pursuant to which we pay royalties on the net sales of the brands owned by ABG-Camuto, subject to guaranteed minimums. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded royalty expense for amounts paid to ABG-Camuto of million, million, and million, respectively. See Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies - Contractual Obligations , for future guaranteed minimum royalty payment requirements to ABG-Camuto. Amounts due to ABG-Camuto were immaterial for all periods presented. 
 
 Le Tigre - We have a ownership interest in Le Tigre. During 2022, we entered into a license agreement with Le Tigre, whereby we pay royalties on our net sales of the Le Tigre brand, subject to guaranteed minimums. The license agreement provides for the exclusive right to design and source Le Tigre branded footwear. Activity with Le Tigre during 2022 was immaterial. 

5. 

Dilutive effect of stock-based compensation awards Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 51 

Table of contents 

 6. 
 
 million shares. As of January 28, 2023, million Class A common shares remain available for future stock-based compensation grants under the Plan. 
 
 Restricted and director stock units 
 
 Stock Options- Stock options were granted with an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value of our Class A common shares on the grant date. Stock options generally vest per year on a cumulative basis and remain exercisable for a period of years from the date of grant. As of January 28, 2023, there were no unvested stock options, and stock option activity for the periods presented was immaterial. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units- Grants of time-based RSUs generally cliff vest after , and performance-based RSUs generally cliff vest after based upon the achievement of pre-established goals as of the end of the first year of the term. RSUs receive dividend equivalents in the form of additional RSUs, which are subject to the same restrictions and forfeiture provisions as the original award. The grant date fair value of RSUs is based on the closing market price of the Class A common shares on the date of the grant. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding - end of period 
 
 The total fair value of time-based RSUs that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of January 28, 2023, the total compensation cost related to unvested time-based RSUs not yet recognized was million, with a weighted average expense recognition period remaining of years. 
 
 The total fair value of performance-based RSUs that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of January 28, 2023, the total compensation cost related to unvested performance-based RSUs not yet recognized was approximately million, with a weighted average expense recognition period remaining of years. 
 
 Director Stock Units- We issue stock units to non-employee directors. Stock units are granted to each director on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders based on the closing market price of the Class A common shares. In addition, each director that is eligible to receive compensation for board service may elect to have the cash portion of such compensation paid in the form of stock units. Director stock units vest immediately, and directors are given the option to settle their units 30 days after the grant date, at a specified date more than 30 days following the grant date, or defer receipt until completion of board service. Director stock units not yet settled, which are not subject to forfeiture, are considered to be outstanding for the purposes of computing basic earnings (loss) per share. As of January 28, 2023, we had million director stock units not yet settled. 
 
 52 

Table of contents 

 7. 
 
 vote per share and holders of Class B common shares are entitled to votes per share on matters submitted to shareholders for approval. 
 
 Issued shares Outstanding shares Treasury shares 
 
 We have authorized million shares of par value preferred shares, with shares issued for any of the periods presented. 
 
 million of Class A common shares under our share repurchase program, which was added to the million remaining from the previous authorization. A s of January 28, 2023, million 
 
 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 
 For 2022 and 2021, the change in accumulated other comprehensive loss was due to foreign currency translation adjustments as shown in the consolidated statements of shareholders' equity.) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified to non-operating income, net ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance, January 30, 2021 ) ) 
 
 53 

Table of contents 

 8. 
 
 Serviced by third-party provider without guaranteed payment Serviced in-house Income tax receivable Other receivables Total receivables Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) 
 
 The following table presents the activity for the allowance for doubtful accounts: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts - beginning of period ) ) ) Provision for bad debts ) ) Recoveries, write-offs, and other adjustments Allowance for doubtful accounts - end of period ) ) ) 

9. 
 
 Buildings Building and leasehold improvements - or the lease term if shorter 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - 
 Software - 
 Construction-in-progress Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 54 

Table of contents 

 10. 
 
 Canada Retail ) ) Brand Portfolio ) ) ) ) Activity by segment: Canada Retail- Currency translation adjustment ) ) Brand Portfolio- Acquired Topo goodwill ) End of period by segment: U.S. Retail Canada Retail ) ) Brand Portfolio ) ) ) ) 
 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 
 ) ) Definite-lived tradename ) Indefinite-lived trademarks and tradenames ) ) 
 
 During 2022, we acquired the rights to the shoes.com tradename for million, which was recorded as a definite lived tradename intangible asset with a useful life of years. In addition, we recognized preliminary estimates of the fair value of the definite-lived customer relationships and tradename intangible assets from the Topo acquisition, which are amortized over a useful life of eight and years, respectively. 
 
 55 

Table of contents 

 11. 
 
 Accrued compensation and related expenses Accrued taxes Loyalty programs deferred revenue Sales returns allowances Customer allowances and discounts Other 

12. 
 
 Term Loan Total debt Less unamortized Term Loan debt issuance costs ) Long-term debt 
 
 ABL Revolver- On March 30, 2022, we replaced our previous senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility with our current senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility ("ABL Revolver"), which provides a revolving line of credit of up to million, including a Canadian sub-limit of up to million, a million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit, a million sub-limit for swing-loan advances for U.S. borrowings, and a million sub-limit for swing-loan advances for Canadian borrowings. Our ABL Revolver matures in March 2027 and is secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all of our personal property assets, including credit card receivables and inventory. The ABL Revolver may be used to provide funds for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, other expenditures, and permitted acquisitions as defined by the credit facility agreement. The amount of credit available is limited to a borrowing base formulated on, among other things, a percentage of the book value of eligible inventory and credit card receivables, as reduced by certain reserves. As of January 28, 2023, the ABL Revolver had a borrowing base of million, with million in outstanding borrowings a nd million in letters of credit issued, resulting in million av ailable for borrowings. 
 
 Borrowings and letters of credit issued under the ABL Revolver accrue interest, at our option, at a rate equal to: (A) a base rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the Fed Funds Rate (as defined in the credit facility agreement and subject to a floor of 0 plus , and (iii) the one-month Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the credit facility agreement) plus ; or (B) a one-month, three-month or six-month Adjusted Term SOFR per annum (subject to a floor of ), plus, in each instance, an applicable rate to be determined based on average availability, with an interest rate of as of January 28, 2023. Commitment fees are based on the unused portion of the ABL Revolver. Interest expense related to the ABL Revolver includes interest on borrowings and letters of credit, commitment fees, and the amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 
 Debt Covenants- As of January 28, 2023, the ABL Revolver required us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant of not less than :1 when availability is less than the greater of million or of the maximum borrowing amount. The ABL Revolver also contains customary covenants restricting certain activities, including limitations on our ability to sell assets, engage in acquisitions, enter into transactions involving related parties, incur additional debt, grant liens on assets, pay dividends or repurchase stock, and make certain other changes. There are specific exceptions to these covenants including, in some cases, upon satisfying specified payment conditions based on availability. The ABL Revolver contains customary events of default, including failure to comply with certain financial and other covenants. Upon an event of default that is not cured or waived within the cure periods, in addition to other remedies that may be available to the lenders, our obligations under the ABL Revolver may be accelerated, outstanding letters of credit may be required to be cash collateralized, and remedies may be exercised against the collateral. As of January 28, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial covenants contained in the ABL Revolver. 
 56 

Table of contents 

million principal amount outstanding on that date under our senior secured term loan agreement ("Term Loan"). In connection with this settlement, we incurred a million loss on extinguishment of debt, composed of a million prepayment premium and a million write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 

13. 
 
 Operating lease expense: Lease expense to unrelated parties Lease expense to related parties Variable lease expense to unrelated parties Variable lease expense to related parties 
 
 Lease term and discount rate for our operating leases were as follows: 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Other operating lease information: Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Future fiscal years thereafter Less discounting impact on operating leases ) ) ) Total operating lease liabilities Less current operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Non-current operating lease liabilities 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, we had entered into lease commitments for new store location and store relocations where the leases have not yet commenced, and therefore the lease liabilities have not yet been recorded. We expect the lease commencement to begin over the next three fiscal quarters for these locations, and we will record additional operating lease liabilities of approximately million. 
 
 57 

Table of contents 

 14. 
 
 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations- As of January 28, 2023, we had entered into various noncancelable purchase and service agreements, including agreements with remaining terms in excess of one year and construction commitments for capital items to be purchased for projects that were under construction or for which a lease has been signed. In addition, we have license agreements that allow us to use brands owned by third parties, including a license agreement with our equity investments (related parties), that have guaranteed minimum royalty payments. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Future fiscal years thereafter 

15. 
 
 ) Foreign income (loss) ) ) 
 
 58 

Table of contents 

 ) Foreign State and local ) Total current tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) Foreign ) ) State and local ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) 
 
 ) State and local taxes, net of federal benefit (provision) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Non-deductible compensation CARES Act rate differential ) ) Federal interest income 
 ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) Other ) ) ) 
 
 See Note 1 , Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies - Income Taxes , for discussion of the CARES Act rate differential and the change in valuation allowance. 
 
 59 

Table of contents 

 Net operating losses Stock-based compensation Inventories Accrued expenses Loyalty programs deferred revenue State bonus depreciation Intangible assets Gift cards Other Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease assets ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 Net deferred income taxes are reported on the consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
 (in thousands) January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities included in other non-current liabilities ) ) 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the remaining valuation allowance was primarily related to state deferred tax assets. Additionally , there were million state, million foreign, and million federal net operating losses, which, if not utilized, a portion of the carryovers will begin to expire in 2025, 2036, and 2038, respectively. 
 Additions charged to income tax benefit Allowances taken or written off ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Valuation allowance - end of period 
 
 We intend to continue to invest all of the earnings of foreign subsidiaries, as well as our capital in these subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S. and we do not expect to incur any significant additional taxes related to such amounts. 
 
 60 

Table of contents 

 Additions for tax positions taken in the current year Settlements of tax positions taken in prior years ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits - end of period 
 
 Of the total unrecognized tax benefits at January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021, million, million and million, respectively, represented the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate in future periods. While it is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12 months, any changes are not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision (benefit). As of January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021, interest and penalties were million, million and million, respectively. 

16. 
 
 reportable segments, which are also operating segments, are the U.S. Retail segment, the Canada Retail segment, and the Brand Portfolio segment. We have determined that the Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") is our Chief Executive Officer and we have identified such segments based on internal management reporting and responsibilities. The performance of each segment is based primarily on net sales and gross profit. As a result, we do not allocate operating expenses to the segments. Total assets by segment are not presented in the table below as the CODM does not evaluate, manage, or measure performance of segments using total assets. 
 
 Intersegment sales ) Total net sales ) Gross profit Income from equity investments Cash paid for property and equipment Depreciation and amortization 2021 Net sales: External customer sales Intersegment sales ) Total net sales ) Gross profit ) Income from equity investment Cash paid for property and equipment Depreciation and amortization 
 61 

Table of contents 

 Intersegment sales ) Total net sales ) Gross profit Income from equity investment Cash paid for property and equipment Depreciation and amortization 
 
 The U.S. Retail and Brand Portfolio segments and Other net sales recognized were primarily based on sales to customers in the U.S., and the Canada Retail segment net sales recognized were based on sales to customers in Canada. Net sales realized from geographic markets outside of the U.S. and Canada were collectively immaterial. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, long-lived assets, consisting of property and equipment and operating lease assets, included million and million, respectively, in the U.S. and million and million, respectively, in Canada, with only an immaterial amount in other countries. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of consolidated total net sales. However, the Brand Portfolio segment has four customers that make up approximately of its segment net sales, excluding intersegment net sales, and the loss of any or all of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Brand Portfolio segment. 

17. 
 
 million. The Keds business designs, sources, and sells branded footwear and earns revenue from the wholesale of products to retailers in the U.S. and Canada, the wholesale of products to international distributors, and the sale of branded products through direct-to-consumer e-commerce sites in the U.S. and Canada. The purchase price of the acquisition was funded with available cash and borrowings on the ABL Revolver. We will account for the acquisition and include the results of the Keds business in our Brand Portfolio segment beginning with our first quarter of 2023. Given the acquisition date, we are in the process of developing our fair value assumptions for the assets and liabilities acquired. 
 
 ABL Revolver Amendment- On February 28, 2023, the ABL Revolver was amended to increase the available capacity under the revolving line of credit from million to million and to add a first-in last-out term loan (the "FILO Term Loan") of up to million, which was drawn in full on the date of the amendment, subject to a borrowing base. The FILO Term Loan may be repaid in full, but not in part, so long as certain payment conditions are satisfied. Once repaid, no portion of the FILO Term Loan may be reborrowed. The maturity date of the ABL Revolver did not change and is applicable to the FILO Term Loan. The interest rate on the revolving line of credit remains unchanged, and the FILO Term Loan will accrue interest, at our option, at a rate equal to (A) a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the Fed Funds Rate plus , or (iii) Adjusted Term SOFR plus , plus ; or (B) Adjusted Term SOFR for the interest period in effect for such borrowing plus . The ABL Revolver was also amended to change the period during which we are required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than :1 when availability is less than the greater of million or of the maximum borrowing amount . 
 
 Dividends- On March 15, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of per share for both Class A and Class B common shares. The dividend will be paid on April 14, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, 2023. 
 
 62 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 We, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for us (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control system as of January 28, 2023. In making its assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting. 
 
 (PCAOB ID No. ), our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report covering our internal control over financial reporting, as stated in its report which is included herein. 
 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 No change was made in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(e), during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information contained under the captions " INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ," " PROPOSAL 1- ELECTION OF DIRECTORS " and " OTHER DIRECTOR INFORMATION, BOARD COMMITTEES, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INFORMATION " in our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act (the "Proxy Statement"), is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 63 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information contained under the captions " OTHER DIRECTOR INFORMATION, BOARD COMMITTEES, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INFORMATION ," " REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE ," " COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS " and the related tabular disclosure, and " FISCAL YEAR 2022 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION " in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the information contained in the Proxy Statement under the caption " REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE " shall be deemed furnished, and not filed, in this Form 10-K and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 
 
 The information contained under the caption " SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT " and " EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION " in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information contained under the captions " CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS " and " OTHER DIRECTOR INFORMATION, BOARD COMMITTEES, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INFORMATION " in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information contained under the caption " AUDIT AND OTHER SERVICE FEES " in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 Schedules not filed are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 64 

Table of contents 

 (3) and (b) EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 8, 2011, among DSW Inc., DSW MS LLC, and Retail Ventures, Inc. 
 8-K/A 001-32545 2/25/2011 2.1 2.2 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2018, by and among DSW Shoe Warehouse, Inc., ABG-Camuto, LLC, Camuto Group LLC, Camuto Consulting, Inc., Camuto Owners (as defined therein), Clear Thinking Group LLC, in the person of Stuart H. Kessler, solely in its capacity as Sellers' Representative (as defined therein) and Buyer Parents (as defined therein), solely with respect to the Parent Specified Sections. 8-K 001-32545 10/11/2018 2.1 2.2.1 
 Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 10, 2018, by and among DSW Shoe Warehouse, Inc., ABG-Camuto, LLC, Camuto Group LLC, Camuto Consulting, Inc., Camuto Owners (as defined therein), Clear Thinking Group LLC, in the person of Stuart H. Kessler, solely in its capacity as Sellers' Representative (as defined therein) and Buyer Parents (as defined therein), solely with respect to the Parent Specified Sections. 
 10-K 001-32545 03/26/2019 2.4.1 2.2.2 
 Side Letter to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2019, by and among DSW Shoe Warehouse, Inc., ABG-Camuto, LLC, Camuto Group LLC, Camuto Consulting, Inc., Camuto Owners (as defined therein), Clear Thinking Group LLC, in the person of Stuart H. Kessler, solely in its capacity as Sellers' Representative (as defined therein) and Buyer Parents (as defined therein), solely with respect to the Parent Specified Sections. 
 10-K 001-32545 03/26/2019 2.4.2 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Designer Brands Inc. dated March 19, 2019. 
 10-K 001-32545 03/26/2019 3.1 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Code of Regulations. 
 10-K 001-32545 04/13/2006 3.2 4.1 
 Specimen Class A Common Shares Certificate. 10-Q 001-32545 06/4/2019 4.1 4.2 
 Description of Designer Brands Inc.'s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 4.2 10.1 
 Corporate Services Agreement, dated June 12, 2002, between Retail Ventures and Schottenstein Stores Corporation. 10-Q 001-10767 06/18/2002 10.6 10.1.1 
 Amendment to Corporate Services Agreement, dated July 5, 2005, among Retail Ventures, Schottenstein Stores Corporation and Schottenstein Management Company, together with Side Letter Agreement, dated July 5, 2005, among Schottenstein Stores Corporation, Retail Ventures, Inc., Schottenstein Management Company and DSW Inc. related thereto. 8-K 001-10767 07/11/2005 10.5 10.2# 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 4, 2005, between Deborah L. Ferr e and DSW Inc. S-1 333-123289 03/14/2005 10.4 10.2.1# 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2007, between Deborah L. Ferr e and DSW Inc. 10-K 001-32545 4/17/2008 10.2.1 10.2.2# 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 12, 2016, between Deborah L. Ferr e and DSW Inc. 10-K 001-32545 3/24/2016 10.2.2 
 65 

Table of contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number 10.3# 
 DSW Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Schedule 14A 001-32545 4/30/2014 Appendix C 10.3.1# 
 First Amendment to DSW Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated January 31, 2018. 
 10-K 001-32545 3/26/2019 10.3.1 10.3.2# 
 Designer Brands Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated). S-8 333-239853 7/14/2020 99.1 10.3.3# 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Employees (2020). 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 10.3.2 10.3.4# 
 Form of Stock Units for Automatic Grants to Non-employee Directors (2020). 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 10.3.3 10.3.5# 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Employees (2020). 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 10.3.4 10.3.6# 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Employees (2020). 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 10.3.5 10.3.7# 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Canada Employees (2020). 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 10.3.6 10.3.8# 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement (2021). - - - - 10.3.9# 
 Form of Director Stock Unit Agreement (2021). - - - - 10.4# 
 Designer Brands Inc. Cash Incentive Plan. - - - - 10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Designer Brands Inc. and its officers and directors. 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 10.7 10.6 
 Management Agreement, dated November 1, 2012, between Schottenstein Property Group, LLC and 810 AC LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of DSW. 
 8-K 001-32545 11/1/2012 10.2 10.7# 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 27, 2009, between William L. Jordan and DSW Inc. 10-K 001-32545 4/1/2009 10.61 10.7.1# 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated November 9, 2015, between William L. Jordan and DSW Inc. 10-K 001-32545 3/24/2016 10.29.1 10.8# 
 Amended and Restated Standard Executive Severance Agreement, dated December 6, 2019, between Designer Brands Inc. and Roger Rawlins. 10-Q 001-32545 12/10/2019 10.1 10.9# 
 Standard Executive Severance Agreement, dated July 20, 2016, between Jared Poff and DSW Inc. 10-Q 001-32545 9/1/2016 10.1 10.10# 
 Standard Executive Severance Agreement, dated April 9, 2020, between Mary Turner and Designer Brands Inc. 10-K 001-32545 5/1/2020 10.21 10.11# 
 Standard Executive Severance Agreement, dated January 30, 2022, between James Weinberg and Designer Brands Inc. - - - - 10.12# 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022, among Designer Brands Inc., Designer Brands Canada Inc., certain of domestic and Canadian subsidiaries as borrowers, other loan parties thereto, the lenders party thereto, The Huntington National Bank, as Administrative Agent, The Huntington National Bank, Bank of Montreal and Bank of America, N.A., as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agent. 8-K 001-32545 4/5/2022 10.1 10.13# 
 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 001-32545 12/1/2022 10.1 
 66 

Table of contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number 10.14# 
 Transition and Consulting Agreement, dated January 4, 2023, between Roger L. Rawlins and Designer Brands Inc. - - - - 10.15# 
 Amended Executive Severance Agreement, dated January 4, 2023, between David H. Howe and Designer Brands, Inc. - - - - 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. - - - - 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. - - - - 24.1 
 Powers of Attorney. - - - - 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Principal Executive Officer. - - - - 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Principal Financial Officer. - - - - 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification - Principal Executive Officer. - - - - 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification - Principal Financial Officer. - - - - 101 
 The following materials from the Designer Brands Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - - - - 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. - - - - 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 (c) Additional Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 None. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 67 

Table of contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 DESIGNER BRANDS INC. March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Jared A. Poff Jared A. Poff, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 Title Date /s/ Roger L. Rawlins Chief Executive Officer and Director March 16, 2023 Roger L. Rawlins (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jared A. Poff Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2023 Jared A. Poff (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Mark Haley Senior Vice President and Controller March 16, 2023 Mark Haley (Principal Accounting Officer) Executive Chairman of the Board and Director March 16, 2023 Jay L. Schottenstein Director March 16, 2023 Peter S. Cobb Director March 16, 2023 Elaine J. Eisenman Director March 16, 2023 Tami J. Fersko Director March 16, 2023 Joanna T. Lau Director March 16, 2023 Rich Paul Director March 16, 2023 Joseph A. Schottenstein Director March 16, 2023 Harvey L. Sonnenberg Director March 16, 2023 Allan J. Tanenbaum Director March 16, 2023 Joanne Zaiac 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jared A. Poff Jared A. Poff (Attorney-in-fact) 
 
 68 

<EX-10.3 8>
 2
 q4202210-kexhibit1038.htm
 EX-10.3 8

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.3.8 
 
 DESIGNER BRANDS INC. FORM OF PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement is entered into in Franklin County, Ohio. On the Grant Date, Designer Brands Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), has awarded to the Participant a Performance Award (the Performance Shares or Award ), representing an unfunded unsecured promise of the Company to deliver Class A Common Shares, without par value, of the Company (the Shares to the Participant as set forth herein. The Performance Shares have been granted pursuant to the Designer Brands Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), and shall be subject to all provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference, and shall be subject to the provisions of this Performance Share Agreement (this Agreement ). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement which are not specifically defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. To the extent the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement differ in any way from the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 1. Vesting. 
 
 a. General . The right to receive the Shares underlying the Performance Shares shall be subject to the Company s achievement of the Performance Goal described in 1(b) below. In addition to the requirement of achieving the Performance Goal, the right to receive the Shares underlying the Performance Shares shall be subject to the Participant s satisfaction of the employment requirements described in Sections 1(d) and 3 of this Agreement. 
 
 b. Performance Goal . The Performance Goal, and the Threshold, Target and Maximum performance levels, will be determined by the Committee and performance will be based on achievement of such Performance Goal during the Company s date fiscal year for the period beginning date and ending on date (the Performance Period ). The Company will provide a supplement to this Agreement detailing the Performance Goal, as well as Threshold, Target and Maximum performance levels. If the specific financial performance is above Threshold and between performance levels, the Committee will interpolate between Threshold, Target, and Maximum to calculate the number of Shares that may vest. The Award will be cancelled if the Threshold level of the Performance Goal is not achieved. Achievement of the Performance Goal and whether the Participant has satisfied performance-based criteria sufficiently to be entitled to an Award subject the terms and conditions of this Agreement are satisfied shall be determined by the Committee. 
 
 c. Change in Control during the Performance Period . Notwithstanding Section 1(b), in the event of a Change in Control prior to the last day of the Performance Period and subject to the Participant s continued employment through the date of the Change in Control, the Performance Goal shall be deemed earned in full at target level as of the date of the Change in Control. 
 
 d. Timing of Vesting . The Performance Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date (the Vesting Date ), subject to the Company s achievement of the Performance Goal and the Participant s continued employment through the Vesting Date. Vesting is further subject to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Transferability . The Award generally shall not be transferrable except as otherwise provided under this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 3. Termination of Employment . 
 
 a. General . Except as set forth below or as otherwise provided for in an Employment Arrangement (as defined in Section 14), if the Participant s employment terminates prior to the Vesting Date, then the Participant s Award will be cancelled and the Award shall be forfeited by the Participant. The Participant will thereupon cease to have any right or entitlement to receive any Shares with respect to the cancelled Award. For the avoidance of doubt, a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders services to the Company and its Subsidiaries from an Employee to a Consultant, Director or other service provider shall not be considered continuous employment for purposes of this Agreement and such change in capacity shall result in cancellation and forfeiture of the Award. 
 
 b. Death and Disability . If the Participant s employment terminates by reason of Participant s death or Disability prior to the vesting in full of the Award, then any unvested portion of the Award shall, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, immediately vest in full and shall not be forfeited so long as the Performance Goal is achieved or the Participant s termination of employment on account of death or Disability occurs during the Performance Period. If the Participant s death or Disability occurs during the Performance Period, the Performance Shares shall vest in full at target level as of the date of the Participant s death or Disability. If the Participant s death or Disability occurs after the Performance Period, the Performance Shares, if any, will vest as of the later to occur of (i) the date that the Committee certifies performance in accordance with Section 1(b) above or (ii) the date of the Participant s termination of employment on account of death or Disability, in either case, based on actual performance during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. Termination in Connection with a Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, if the Award is assumed or replaced by a successor corporation (or an affiliate thereto) or other successor or person or otherwise continues following the Change in Control, and the Participant s employment is terminated upon or within two years following the Change Control on account of a termination of employment by the Company other than for Cause, or by the Participant for Good Reason, the Performance Shares will vest on the date of such termination of employment provided however, that if the termination of employment occurs following the end of the Performance Period and Section 1(c) does not apply, the Performance Shares shall vest as of the later to occur of (i) the date that the Committee certifies performance in accordance with Section 1(b) above or (ii) the date of the Participant s termination of employment by the Company other than for Cause, or by the Participant for Good Reason. If the Change in Control occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period, the number of Shares that will vest upon such termination of employment will be the number of Performance Shares earned at target level in accordance with Section 1(c) above and, if the Change in Control occurs after the end of the end of the Performance Period, the number of Shares that will vest upon such termination of employment will be the number of Performance Shares determined by the Committee based on actual performance during the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 
 
 4. Payment . The Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company (without any payment on behalf of the Participant other than as described in Paragraph 8) the whole Shares represented by the Award (and cash for any fractional Share interest) provided, however, that in the event that such Award vests prior to the Vesting Date as a result of the death or Disability of the Participant or as a result of a termination by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason upon or within two years following a Change in Control, the Participant shall be entitled to receive the corresponding Shares from the Company on the date of such vesting provided further that once the Performance Shares have vested under this Agreement, the Committee will determine the number of Shares represented by the Performance Shares and deliver the total number of Shares (and cash for any fractional Share interest) due to the Participant as soon as administratively possible after the date of vesting (but in no event later than the 15 th day of the third month after such date). In the event of the Participant s death, payment shall be made to the Participant s designated beneficiary, or absent such designation, in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . To the extent that cash dividends are paid on Shares after the Grant Date and before the date the Participant receives the Shares subject to Performance Shares subject to this Agreement, the Performance Shares hereunder will be credited with an additional number of Performance Shares to reflect reinvested dividend equivalents with respect to the period of time between the Grant Date and the delivery of Shares under this Agreement. Such dividend equivalent credits will be equal in value (based on the reported dividend rate on the date dividends were paid) to the amount of dividends paid on the Shares represented by the Performance Shares under this Agreement. The Performance Shares will be credited with whole Performance Shares equal to the dollar amount of the reinvested dividend equivalents based on the Fair Market Value on the dividend payment dates. The Participant shall vest in the additional Performance Shares in accordance with Sections 1 and 3 of this Agreement in the same manner that the Participant vests in the original grant of Performance Shares. These additional Performance Shares will be distributed in whole Shares in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement. If and to the extent that the underlying Performance Shares are forfeited, all related Performance Shares added to reflect reinvested dividend equivalents in accordance with this Section 5 shall also be forfeited. 
 
 6. Right of Set-Off . By accepting these Performance Shares, the Participant consents to a deduction from, and set-off against, any amounts owed to the Participant by the Company or a Subsidiary from time to time (including, but not limited to, amounts owed to the Participant as wages, severance payments or other fringe benefits) to the extent of the amounts owed to the Company or a Subsidiary by the Participant under this Agreement. 
 
 7. No Shareholder Rights . The Participant shall have no rights of a shareholder with respect to the Performance Shares, including, without limitation, voting rights and actual dividend rights with respect to the Shares represented by the Performance Shares. 

8. Withholding Tax . 
 
 a. Generally . The Participant is liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Award regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the Award. The Company does not make any representation or undertaking regarding the tax treatment or the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the grant or vesting of the Award or the subsequent sale of Shares issuable pursuant to the Award. The Company does not commit and is under no obligation to structure the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant s tax liability. 
 
 b. Payment of Withholding Taxes . Prior to any event in connection with the Award (e.g., vesting or settlement) that the Company determines may result in any domestic or foreign tax withholding obligation, whether national, federal, state or local, including any employment tax obligation (the Tax Withholding Obligation ), the Participant is required to arrange for the satisfaction of the minimum amount of such Tax Withholding Obligation in a manner acceptable to the Company. Unless 

the Participant elects to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation by an alternative means that is then permitted by the Company, the Participant s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes the Participant s instruction and authorization to the Company to withhold on the Participant s behalf the number of shares from those Shares issuable to the Participant at the time when the Award becomes vested and payable as the Company determines to be sufficient to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation. In the case of any amounts withheld for taxes pursuant to this provision in the form of Shares, the amount withheld shall not exceed the minimum required by applicable law and regulations. 
 
 9. Governing Law Venue for Dispute Resolution . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to principles of conflicts of law, except to the extent superseded by the laws of the United States of America. The parties agree and acknowledge that the laws of the State of Ohio bear a substantial relationship to the parties and or this Agreement and that the Award and benefits granted herein would not be granted without the governance of this Agreement by the laws of the State of Ohio. In addition, all legal actions or proceedings relating to this Agreement must be brought exclusively in state or federal courts located in Franklin County, Ohio and the parties executing this Agreement hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. Any provision of this Agreement which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 10. Action by the Committee . The parties agree that the interpretation of this Agreement shall rest exclusively and completely within the sole discretion of the Committee. The parties agree to be bound by the decisions of the Committee with regard to the interpretation of this Agreement and with regard to any and all matters set forth in this Agreement. The Committee may delegate its functions under this Agreement to an officer of the Company designated by the Committee (hereinafter the Designee to the extent permitted by applicable law. In fulfilling its responsibilities hereunder, the Committee or its Designee may rely upon documents, written statements of the parties or such other material as the Committee or its Designee deems appropriate. The parties agree that there is no right to be heard or to appear before the Committee or its Designee and that any decision of the Committee or its Designee relating to this Agreement shall be final and binding. 
 
 11. Prompt Acceptance of Agreement . The Award evidenced by this Agreement shall, at the discretion of the Committee, be forfeited if this Agreement is not manually executed and returned to the Company, or electronically executed by the Participant by indicating the Participant s acceptance of this Agreement in accordance with the acceptance procedures set forth on the Company s third-party equity plan administrator s web site, within 90 days of the Grant Date. 
 
 12. Electronic Delivery and Consent to Electronic Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Award under and participation in the Plan or future Awards that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or to request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company, including the acceptance of the Award and the execution of the Agreement through electronic signature. 
 
 13. Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications required or provided under this Agreement to be delivered by the Participant to the Company will be in writing and will be deemed sufficient if delivered by hand, facsimile, nationally recognized overnight courier, or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and will be effective upon delivery to the Company at the address set forth below 
 
 Designer Brands Inc. 
 810 DSW Drive 
 Columbus, Ohio 43219 
 Attention SVP Human Resources 
 Facsimile (614) 872-1475 
 
 With a copy to 
 
 Designer Brands Inc. 
 810 DSW Drive 
 Columbus, Ohio 43219 
 Attention General Counsel 
 Facsimile (614) 872-1475 

All notices, requests, consents and other communications required or provided under this Agreement to be delivered by the Company to the Participant may be delivered by e-mail or in writing and will be deemed sufficient if delivered by e-mail, hand, facsimile, nationally recognized overnight courier, or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and will be effective upon delivery to the Participant. 

14. Employment Agreement, Offer Letter or Other Arrangement . To the extent a written employment agreement, offer letter or other arrangement Employment Arrangement that was approved by the Committee or the Board of Directors or that was approved in writing by an officer of the Company pursuant to delegated authority of the Committee provides for greater benefits to the Participant with respect to vesting of the Award on termination of employment, than provided in this Agreement or in the Plan, then the terms of such Employment Arrangement with respect to vesting of the Award upon the termination of the Participant s employment by reason of such specified events shall supersede the terms hereof to the extent permitted by the terms of the Plan. 
 
 15. Code Section 409A . This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A so as to comply with an exception to Code Section 409A, or to the extent that this Agreement provides deferred compensation, to be in compliance with Code Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A under the short term deferral exception. References to termination of employment, and similar terms shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the definition of separation from service under Code Section 409A, to the extent required by Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Participant is a specified employee for purposes of Code Section 409A, then if necessary to avoid the imposition of additional taxes or interest under Code Section 409A, the Company shall not deliver the corresponding Shares otherwise payable upon the Participant s termination of employment until the first business day after the date that is six months after the Participant s separation from service under Code Section 409A. This Agreement shall be deemed to be modified to the maximum extent necessary to be in compliance with Code Section 409A s rules. If the Participant is unexpectedly required to include in the Participant s current year s income any amount of compensation relating to this Award because of a failure to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A, then to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A, the Participant may receive a distribution of cash or Shares in an amount not to exceed the amount required to be included in income as a result of the failure to comply with Code Section 409A. In no event may the Participant directly or indirectly designate the calendar year of a payment, except as expressly permitted by Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant recognizes and acknowledges that Code Section 409A may impose certain taxes or interest charges upon the Participant for which the Participant is and shall remain solely responsible. 
 
 16. Entire Agreement . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement and the Plan are (a) intended to be the final, complete, and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the Participant and the Company with regard to the subject matter of this Agreement (b) supersede all other prior agreements, communications and statements, whether written or oral, express or implied, pertaining to that subject matter and (c) may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous statements or agreements, oral or written, and not be explained or supplemented by evidence of consistent additional terms. 
 
 17. No Employment Rights . Nothing in this Agreement will provide the Participant with any right to continue in the Company s and its affiliates employ for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company and its affiliates to terminate the Participant s service at any time for any reason, with or without cause. 
 
 18. Nature of Award . The Participant acknowledges that (a) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and (b) in consideration of the grant of the Performance Shares, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Performance Shares or diminution in value of the Shares received upon settlement including (without limitation) any claim or entitlement resulting from termination of the Participant s active employment by the Company or a Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and the Participant hereby releases the Company and its Subsidiaries from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the Performance Shares and this Agreement, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 
 19. Clawback . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any compensation, benefits or payments provided hereunder (or profits realized from the sale of Shares delivered hereunder), shall be subject to recoupment and recapture to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 7.01 of the Plan, any Company-adopted policy and or laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the Exchange Act, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, any stock exchange listed company manual or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to such laws, regulations and or securities exchange listing requirements, as may be in effect from time to time, and which may operate to create additional rights for the Company with respect to this grant and recovery of amounts relating thereto. By accepting this Award, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant is obligated to cooperate with, and provide any, and all assistance necessary to, the Company to recover, recoup or recapture this Award or amounts paid under this Award pursuant to such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or Company policy. Such cooperation and assistance shall include, but is not limited to, executing, completing and submitting any documentation necessary to recover, recoup or recapture this Award or amounts paid under this Award from the Participant s accounts, or pending or future compensation or other grants. 

DESIGNER BRANDS INC. 
 
 By s David Giesman Name David Giesman Its Vice President, Global Total Rewards 

ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT 
 
 The Participant hereby (a) acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan, and a copy of the Plan description (Prospectus) pertaining to the Plan (b) accepts this Agreement and the Performance Shares granted to him or her under this Agreement subject to all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement (c) represents that he or she understands that the acceptance of this Agreement through an on-line or electronic system, if applicable, carries the same legal significance as if he or she manually signed the Agreement and (d) agrees that no transfer of the Shares delivered in respect of the Performance Shares shall be made unless the Shares have been duly registered under all applicable Federal and state securities laws pursuant to a then-effective registration which contemplates the proposed transfer or unless the Company has received a written opinion of, or satisfactory to, its legal counsel that the proposed transfer is exempt from such registration. 

Participant Name 
 
 Date 

</EX-10.3 8>

<EX-10.3 9>
 3
 q4202210-kexhibit1039.htm
 EX-10.3 9

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.3.9 
 
 Designer Brands Inc. 
 2014 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (AS AMENDED AND RESTATED) 
 
 FORM OF STOCK UNITS 
 GRANTED TO BOARD MEMBER NAME ON ____ 
 
 Designer Brands Inc. Company and its shareholders believe that their business interests are best served by extending to you an opportunity to earn additional compensation based on the growth of the Company s business. To this end, the Company and its shareholders adopted the Designer Brands Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated Plan as a means through which you may share in the Company s success. Accordingly, the Company hereby grants you an Award of Restricted Stock Units Stock Units ), which will be converted to Class A Common Shares of the Company if the conditions described in this Award Agreement are met. 
 
 The terms and conditions of this award are set forth in this Award Agreement, the Plan and the Plan Prospectus. To the extent the terms and conditions set forth in this letter or the attachment differ in any way from the terms set forth in the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan 
 
 This Award Agreement describes many features of your Award and the conditions you must meet before you may receive the value associated with your Award. To ensure you fully understand these terms and conditions, you should 
 
 Read the Plan and the Plan s Prospectus carefully to ensure you understand how the Plan works 
 
 Read this Award Agreement carefully to ensure you understand the nature of your Award and what must happen if you are to earn it and 
 
 Action for you to take 
 Please sign and submit the Award Agreement below no later than ________ . If you do not do this, your Award may be revoked automatically as of the Grant Date and you will not be entitled to receive anything on account of the retroactively revoked Award. 
 
 Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A imposes substantial penalties on persons who receive some forms of deferred compensation (see the Plan s Prospectus for more information about these penalties). Your Award has been designed to avoid these penalties. However, because the Internal Revenue Service periodically issues new rules that further define the effect of Section 409A, it may be necessary to revise your Award Agreement if you are to avoid these penalties. As a condition of accepting this Award, you must agree to accept those revisions, without any further consideration, even if those revisions change the terms of your Award and reduce its value or potential value. 

Nature of Your Award 
 
 Grant and Vesting Date Your Stock Units were granted on _______ and vested immediately upon grant. 
 
 Number of Stock Units You have been granted _____ Stock Units in payment of a portion of your annual retainer. Although these Stock Units are not actual shares of Company Stock, they will be credited with dividend equivalents at the same rate and at the same time cash dividends are paid on actual shares of Company Stock. These dividend equivalents will be converted to additional Stock Units based on the amount of cash dividends paid and the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of a share of Company Stock. These additional Stock Units will be distributed at the same time and subject to the same terms and conditions that apply to other Stock Units granted with this Award Agreement. If and to the extent the underlying Stock Units are forfeited, all additional Stock Units that were converted from dividend equivalents in accordance with this paragraph will be forfeited. 
 
 The conditions that must be met before the Award is converted into shares of Company Stock are discussed below in the Section titled When Your Award Will Be Settled. 
 
 When Your Award Will Be Settled 
 
 Normal Settlement Your Stock Units normally will be settled and converted to an equal number of shares of Company Stock in accordance with the election you previously made for Stock Units granted to you in calendar year date . Such settlement date is the Normal Settlement Date. 

How Your Stock Units Might Be Settled Before the Normal Settlement Date If there is a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) before the Normal Settlement Date, your Stock Units will be settled as of the date of the Change in Control. 
 
 How Your Stock Units May Be Forfeited Your Stock Units will be cancelled and you will forfeit any Stock Units if, before they are settled and before a Change in Control, your board service ends because 
 
 You materially fail to substantially perform your position or duties 
 
 You engage in illegal or grossly negligent conduct that is materially injurious to the Company or any Subsidiary (as defined in the Plan) 
 
 You materially violate any law or regulation governing the Company or any Subsidiary 
 
 You commit a material act of fraud or dishonesty which has had or is likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company s (or any Subsidiary s) operations or financial conditions 
 
 You materially breach the terms of any other agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary or 
 
 You breach any term of the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 
 Upon your Stock Units being cancelled, you will cease to have any right or entitlement to receive any shares with respect to those cancelled Stock Units. 
 
 Also, if you terminate your board service for any reason other than those just listed and the Company subsequently discovers that you actively concealed an act, event or failure that is within those just listed and the Company could not have discovered that act, event or failure through reasonable diligence before your termination, you will be required to repay to the Company the full value you received under this Award. 
 
 Settling Your Award 
 
 Your Stock Units will be settled automatically in accordance with the election you previously made for stock units granted to you in calendar year date . At that time, you will receive one share of Company Stock for each Stock Unit. 
 
 Other Rules Affecting Your Award 
 
 Rights Before Your Stock Units Are Settled Until your Stock Units are settled, you may not exercise any voting rights, nor will you have any actual dividend rights, associated with the shares underlying your Stock Units. See Section titled Nature of Your Award Number of Stock Units for a description of how dividend equivalents will be credited and paid on your Stock Units. 
 
 Beneficiary Designation You may name a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries to receive any Stock Units to be settled after you die. This may be done only on the Beneficiary Designation Form on file and by following the rules described in that form and in the Plan. If you die without making an effective Beneficiary designation, the Stock Units subject to this Award will be converted to shares and distributed to your surviving spouse or, if you do not have a surviving spouse, to your estate. 
 
 Tax Withholding You (and not the Company) are solely responsible for any income and other taxes (including payment of estimated taxes) associated with this Award or its conversion to shares of Company Stock. 
 
 Transferring Your Stock Units Normally, your Stock Units may not be transferred to another person. However, you may complete a Beneficiary Designation Form to name the person to receive any Stock Units settled after you die. Also, the Committee may allow you to place your Stock Units into a trust established for your benefit or the benefit of your family. 
 
 Governing Law This Award Agreement will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of Ohio (other than laws governing conflicts of laws). 
 
 Other Agreements Your Stock Units will be subject to the terms of any other written agreements between you and the Company. 
 
 Adjustments to Your Stock Units Your Stock Units will be adjusted, if appropriate, to reflect any change to the Company s capital structure (e.g., the number of your Stock Units will be adjusted to reflect a stock split). 
 
 Nature of Award The grant of Stock Units under this Award Agreement shall not confer upon you any right to continued service with the Company. 

Other Rules Your Stock Units also are subject to more rules described in the Plan and in the Plan s Prospectus. You should read both these documents carefully to ensure you fully understand all the conditions of this Award. 
 
 Entire Agreement Except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement, this Award Agreement and the Plan are (a) intended to be the final, complete, and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between you and the Company with regard to the subject matter of this Award Agreement (b) supersede all other prior agreements, communications and statements, whether written or oral, express or implied, pertaining to that subject matter and (c) may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous statements or agreements, oral or written, and not be explained or supplemented by evidence of consistent additional terms. To the extent the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement differ in any way from the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 Tax Treatment of Your Award 
 
 This Award is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code (or an exception thereto) and the regulations promulgated thereunder and shall be construed accordingly. Notwithstanding, you recognize and acknowledge that Section 409A of the Code may impose upon you certain taxes or interest charges for which you are and shall remain solely responsible. A more complete description of the federal income tax treatment of your Stock Units is discussed in the Plan s Prospectus. 
 
 Your Acknowledgment of Award Conditions 
 
 By signing below, I acknowledge and agree that 
 
 A copy of the Plan has been made available to me 
 
 I have received a copy of the Plan s Prospectus 
 
 I understand and accept the conditions placed on my Award and understand what I must do to earn my Award and 
 
 I will consent (in my own behalf and in behalf of my beneficiaries and without any further consideration) to any change to my Award or this Award Agreement to avoid paying penalties under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, even if those changes affect the terms of my Award and reduce its value or potential value. 
 
 BOARD MEMBER NAME 

_______________________________________ 
 (signature) 
 
 Date signed _____________________________ 

Committee s Acknowledgment of Receipt 
 
 A signed copy of this Award Agreement was received on ______________. 
 By ______________________________________ 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Date _____________________________ 

</EX-10.3 9>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 q4202210-kexhibit104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.4 
 
 DESIGNER BRANDS INC. CASH INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 1.00 PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE 
 
 1.01 Purpose This Plan is an amendment and restatement of the DSW Inc. 2005 Cash Incentive Compensation Plan and is intended to foster and promote the financial success of the Company and Subsidiaries and to increase shareholder value by 1 providing Participants an opportunity to receive incentive compensation if specified objectives are met and 2 enabling the Company to attract and retain the services of outstanding employees upon whose judgment, interest and special efforts the successful conduct of the Company s business is largely dependent. The Plan has been amended to remove outdated provisions applicable to qualified performance-based compensation under Code 162(m) and make other appropriate changes. 
 
 1.02 Effective Date The Plan will be effective upon its adoption by the Board (the Effective Date ). 
 
 2.00 DEFINITIONS 
 
 When used in this Plan, the following terms have the meanings given to them in this section unless another meaning is expressly provided elsewhere in this document or clearly required by the context. When applying these definitions and any other word, term or phrase used in this Plan, the form of any word, term or phrase will include any and all of its other forms. 
 
 Act . The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute of similar effect even if the Company is not subject to the Act. 
 
 Award . A grant made under this Plan consisting of an opportunity to receive a cash bonus if terms and conditions specified in the Award Notice are met. 
 
 Award Notice . The written or electronic notice delivered to the Participant that describes the terms and conditions that must be met if an Award is to be paid. If there is a conflict between the terms of this Plan and the terms of the Award Notice, the terms of the Plan will govern. 
 
 Board . The Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 Change in Control . The earliest of any of the following events to occur 
 
 1. The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Act and for purposes of this definition, a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Act) of voting securities of the Company where such acquisition causes such Person to own 30 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board (the Outstanding Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this paragraph 1 , the following acquisitions shall not be deemed to result in a Change in Control a any acquisition directly from the Company b any acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary c any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary d any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction that complies with clauses a , b , and c of paragraph 3 below e any acquisition by Jay L. Schottenstein, Schottenstein Stores Corporation or any of their respective affiliates or f any acquisition by any trust established for the benefit of Jay L. Schottenstein or any of his spouse, children or lineal descendants or any other Person controlled by such trust provided, further, that if any person s beneficial ownership of the Outstanding Voting Securities reaches or exceeds 30 as a result of a transaction described in clause a or b of this paragraph 1 , and such Person subsequently acquires beneficial ownership of additional voting securities of the Company, such subsequent acquisition shall be treated as an acquisition that causes such Person to own 30 or more of the Outstanding Voting Securities 
 
 2. Individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a Director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Directors then comprising the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of Directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board shall be deemed to be a member of the Incumbent Board 
 
 3. Consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company or a Subsidiary, a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by the Company or a Subsidiary (each, a Business Combination ), 

excluding, however, such a Business Combination pursuant to which a all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) b no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20 or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and c at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination or 
 
 4. Approval of the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 
 Code . The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or superseded after the Effective Date and any applicable rulings or regulations issued under the Code. 
 
 Committee . The Compensation Committee with respect to Awards granted to executive officers of the Company. With respect to Awards granted to employees who are not executive officers of the Company, the Committee shall mean the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or other member of the management team of the Company, as designated by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Company . Designer Brands Inc., an Ohio corporation, and any and all successors to it. 
 
 Compensation Committee . The Board s Compensation Committee. 
 
 Director . A member of the Board. 
 
 Disability . Unless the Committee specifies otherwise in the Award Notice, the Participant s permanent and total disability which enables the Participant to be eligible for and receive a disability benefit under the federal Social Security Act. 
 
 Employee . Any person who, on any applicable date, is a common law employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. A worker who is classified as other than a common law employee but who is subsequently reclassified as a common law employee of the Company for any reason and on any basis will be treated as a common law employee only from the date that reclassification occurs and will not retroactively be reclassified as an Employee for any purpose of this Plan. 
 
 Participant . Any Employee to whom an Award has been granted. 
 
 Performance Criteria . The criteria described in Section 5.01. 
 
 Performance Period . The period over which the Committee will determine if applicable Performance Criteria have been met. 
 
 Plan . This Designer Brands Inc. Cash Incentive Compensation Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Stock . The Class A common stock, without par value, issued by the Company or any security issued by the Company in substitution, exchange or in place of these shares. 
 
 Subsidiary . Any corporation or other entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls 50 or more of the total combined voting power of such corporation or other entity, or any other corporation or other entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Committee. 
 
 Termination or Terminated . Unless the Committee specifies otherwise in the Award Notice, 1 cessation of the employee-employer relationship between a Participant and the Company and all Subsidiaries for any reason or 2 with respect to a Participant who is an Employee of a Subsidiary, a severance or diminution of the Company s direct or indirect ownership after which that entity is no longer a Subsidiary and after which that person is not an Employee of the Company or any entity that then is a Subsidiary. However, a Termination will not have occurred while the Participant is absent from active employment for a period of not more than three months (or, if longer, the period during which reemployment rights are protected by law, contract or written agreement, including the Award Notice, between the Participant and the Company) due to illness, military service or other leave of absence approved by the Committee. 

3.00 PARTICIPATION 
 
 3.01 Participation. 
 
 1. Consistent with the terms of the Plan and subject to Section 3.02, the Committee will a decide which Employees will be granted Awards and b specify the terms upon which an Award will be granted and may be paid. 
 
 2. The Committee may establish different terms and conditions for each Award. 
 
 3.02 Conditions of Participation . By accepting an Award, each Participant agrees 
 
 1. To be bound by the terms of the Award Notice and the Plan and to comply with other conditions imposed by the Committee and 
 
 2. That the Committee (or the Board, as appropriate) may amend the Plan and the Award Notice without any additional consideration to the extent necessary to avoid penalties arising under Code 409A, even if those amendments reduce, restrict or eliminate rights granted under the Plan or Award Notice (or both) before those amendments. 
 
 3. That all decisions and determinations of the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant, his or her beneficiaries and any other person having or claiming an interest in such Award. 
 
 4.00 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 4.01 Committee Duties . The Committee is responsible for administering the Plan and has all powers appropriate and necessary to that purpose. Consistent with the Plan s objectives, the Committee may adopt, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, to the extent appropriate to protect the Company s and any Subsidiary s interests, and has complete discretion to make all other decisions (including whether a Participant has incurred a Disability) necessary or advisable for the administration and interpretation of the Plan. Any action by the Committee will be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons. 
 
 4.02 Delegation of Ministerial Duties . In its sole discretion, the Committee may delegate any ministerial duties associated with the Plan to any person (including Employees) that it deems appropriate. 
 
 4.03 Award Notice . At the time an Award is made, the Committee will prepare and deliver an Award Notice to each affected Participant. The Award Notice 
 
 1. Will describe the Award and when and how it may be paid 
 
 2. To the extent different from the terms of the Plan, will describe a any conditions that must be met before the Award may be paid, including Performance Criteria and b any other applicable terms and conditions affecting the Award. 
 
 5.00 AWARDS 
 
 5.01 Performance Criteria . 
 
 1. Payment of Awards will be based on one or more (or a combination of) factors that the Committee believes are relevant and appropriate, which may include the following Performance Criteria, and which may be applied solely with reference to the Company (and or any Subsidiary) or relatively between the Company (and or any Subsidiary) and one or more unrelated entities 
 
 a. Net earnings or net income (before or after taxes) 
 
 b. Earnings per share 
 
 c. Net sales or revenue growth 
 
 d. Net operating profit 
 
 e. Return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, invested capital, equity, sales or revenue) 

f. Cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on equity and cash flow return on investment) 
 
 g. Earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and or amortization 
 
 h. Gross or operating margins 
 
 i. Productivity ratios 
 
 j. Share price (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total shareholder return) 
 
 k. Expense targets 
 
 l. Margins 
 
 m. Operating efficiency 
 
 n. Market share 
 
 o. Customer satisfaction 
 
 p. Working capital targets and 
 
 q. Economic value added (net operating profit after tax minus the sum of capital multiplied by the cost of capital). 
 
 2. Different Performance Criteria may be applied to individual Participants or to groups of Participants and, as specified by the Committee, may be based on the results achieved a separately by the Company or any Subsidiary, b any combination of the Company and Subsidiaries or c any combination of segments, products or divisions of the Company and Subsidiaries. 
 
 3. The Committee 
 
 a. Will make appropriate adjustments to Performance Criteria to reflect the effect on any Performance Criteria of any stock dividend or stock split affecting Stock, recapitalization (including, without limitation, the payment of an extraordinary dividend), merger, consolidation, combination, spin-off, distribution of assets to shareholders, exchange of shares or similar corporate change. Also, the Committee will make a similar adjustment to any portion of a Performance Criteria that is not based on Stock but which is affected by an event having an effect similar to those just described. 
 
 b. May make appropriate adjustments to Performance Criteria to reflect a substantive change in a Participant s job description or assigned duties and responsibilities. 
 
 c. May provide that one or more Performance Criteria will be adjusted to reflect such events as the Committee deems appropriate, including, without limitation, the impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, mergers, acquisitions, and other unusual or infrequently occurring items, and the cumulative effects of tax or accounting changes, each as defined by United States generally accepted accounting principles, occurring during the applicable Performance Period. 
 
 5.02 Determining Awards . Subject to any terms, restrictions and conditions specified in the Plan or the Award Notice, and taking into account current and anticipated market and business conditions, as of the end of each Performance Period, the Committee will determine the extent to which each Participant has or has not met his or her Performance Criteria. Awards will be 
 
 1. Forfeited, if Performance Criteria have not been met at the end of the Performance Period or 
 
 2. Subject to Section 5.03, valued and distributed, in a single lump sum cash payment as soon as practicable after the last day of the Performance Period to the extent that related Performance Criteria have been met and market and business conditions warrant, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends. 

5.03 Deferral of Distribution . Each Participant may direct the Company to defer payment of all or any portion of his or her Award by electing to have that amount 1 credited to his or her account under any nonqualified deferred compensation plan (as defined in 201(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained by the Company and designated by the Committee as an appropriate repository for these deferrals and 2 distributed under the terms of that plan. This election must be made at a time and in a manner that complies with Code 409A. 
 
 5.04 Effect of Termination . 
 
 1. Termination Other Than For Death or Disability . Unless otherwise provided in the Award Notice or otherwise approved by the Committee, and except in the case of a Termination on account of death or Disability, no Award will be paid to a Participant who Terminates before the end of a Performance Period. 
 
 2. Termination Because of Death or Disability . Unless otherwise provided in the Award Notice, a prorated Award will be paid to a Participant (or to his or her beneficiary) who Terminates on account of death or Disability, but only if the Performance Criteria applicable to that Performance Period are met at the end of that Performance Period. The amount paid will equal the Award the Participant would have received had his or her employment not Terminated on account of death or Disability before the end of the Performance Period, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days between the beginning of the Performance Period and the date on which the Termination occurred, and the denominator is the total number of days in that Performance Period. This amount, if any, will be paid at the same time and in the same manner as the Award would have been paid had the Participant not Terminated. 
 
 6.00 CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 
 6.01 Accelerated Vesting and Settlement . Subject to Section 6.02, on the date of any Change in Control, all Performance Criteria will be deemed to have been met at the target level on the date of the Change in Control for all Participants who are employed by the Company or a Subsidiary on the date of the Change in Control (or who terminated on account of death or Disability during the Performance Period), all Performance Periods will end on the date of the Change in Control, and all Awards will be distributed in full on or immediately following the date of the Change in Control, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Change in Control occurs. 
 
 6.02 Effect of Code 280G . Unless otherwise specified in the Award Notice or in another written agreement between the Participant and the Company or a Subsidiary executed simultaneously with or before any Change in Control, if the sum (or value) of the payments described in Section 6.01 for a Participant constitutes an excess parachute payment as defined in Code 280G(b)(1) when combined with all other parachute payments attributable to the same Change in Control would but for this Section 6.02 be subject to the excise tax imposed under Code 4999 or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax ), then the Participant s benefits under this Plan will be reduced so that the Participant s total parachute payment as defined in Code 280G(b)(2)(A) under this Plan and all applicable agreements will be 1.00 less than the amount that otherwise would generate an excise tax under Code 4999, but only if such reduction will result in the Participant s receipt on an after-tax basis of the greatest amount of benefits after taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and excise taxes (including the Excise Tax). 
 
 7.00 AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION OF PLAN 
 
 The Board or the Committee may terminate, suspend or amend the Plan at any time without shareholder approval. No Plan amendment may, without the consent of the affected Participant (and except as specifically provided otherwise in this Plan or the Award Notice), adversely affect any Award granted before the amendment, modification or termination. However, nothing in this section will restrict the Committee s right to amend the Plan and any Award Notice without any additional consideration to affected Participants to the extent necessary to avoid penalties arising under Code 409A, even if those amendments reduce, restrict or eliminate rights granted under the Plan or Award Notice (or both) before those amendments. 
 
 8.00 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 8.01 Assignability . Except as described in this section, an Award may not be transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 8.02Beneficiary Designation . Each Participant may name a beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) to receive any Award that becomes payable on account of or after the Participant s death. Each designation made will revoke all prior designations made by the same Participant, must be made on a form prescribed by the Committee and will be effective only when filed in writing with the Committee. If a Participant has not made an effective beneficiary designation, 

the deceased Participant s beneficiary will be his or her surviving spouse or, if none, the deceased Participant s estate. The identity of a Participant s designated beneficiary will be based only on the information included in the latest beneficiary designation form completed by the Participant and will not be inferred from any other evidence. 
 
 8.03 No Guarantee of Continuing Services . Nothing in the Plan may be construed as 
 
 1. Interfering with or limiting the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to Terminate any Employee s employment at any time 
 
 2. Conferring on any Participant any right to continue as an Employee of the Company or any Subsidiary 
 
 3. Guaranteeing that any Employee will be selected to be a Participant or 
 
 4. Guaranteeing that any Participant will receive any future Awards. 
 
 8.04 Tax Withholding . The Company will withhold from the Award or from other amounts owed to the Participant an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local withholding tax requirements on any Award. 
 
 8.05 Indemnification . Each individual who is or was a member of the Committee or a Director will be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit or proceeding to which he or she may be made a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or not taken under the Plan as a Committee or Director and against and from any and all amounts paid, with the Company s approval, by him or her in settlement of any matter related to or arising from the Plan as a Committee or Director or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any action, suit or proceeding relating to or arising from the Plan against him or her as a Committee or Director, but only if he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the matter before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it in his or her own behalf. The right of indemnification described in this section is not exclusive and is independent of any other rights of indemnification to which the individual may be entitled under the Company s organizational documents, by contract, as a matter of law or otherwise. The foregoing right of indemnification is not exclusive and is independent of any other rights of indemnification to which the person may be entitled under the Company s organizational documents, by contract, as a matter of law or otherwise. 
 
 8.06 No Limitation on Compensation . Nothing in the Plan is to be construed to limit the right of the Company to establish other plans or to pay compensation to its employees or Directors, in cash or property, in a manner not expressly authorized under the Plan. 
 
 8.07 Unfunded Arrangement . The Plan is an unfunded incentive compensation arrangement. Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to the Plan, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind. Each Participant s right to receive an Award shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. All Awards shall be paid from the general funds of the Employer, and no special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of Awards. 
 
 8.08 Requirements of Law . The grant of Awards will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to all required approvals of any governmental agencies or national securities exchange, market or other quotation system. 
 
 8.09 Governing Law . The Plan, and all agreements hereunder, will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws (other than laws governing conflicts of laws) of the State of Ohio. 
 
 8.10 No Impact on Benefits . Plan Awards are incentives designed to promote the objectives described in Section 1.00. Also, Awards are not compensation for purposes of calculating a Participant s rights under any employee benefit plan that does not specifically require the inclusion of Awards in calculating benefits. 
 
 8.11 Successors . The Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, Subsidiaries, its successors and assigns, and each Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. 
 
 8.12 Section 409A . The Plan is intended to comply with the short-term deferral rule set forth in the regulations under Code 409A. If and to the extent that any payment under this Plan is deemed to be nonqualified deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Code 409A, this Plan shall be administered so that such payments are made in accordance with the requirements of Code 409A. 
 
 8.13 Clawback Policy . Awards granted under the Plan are subject to the terms of the Company s recoupment, clawback or similar policy as it may be in effect from time to time. By accepting Awards under the Plan, Participants agree and acknowledge that they are obligated to cooperate with, and provide any and all assistance necessary to, the Company to recover 

or recoup any Awards under the Plan that are subject to clawback. Such cooperation and assistance shall include, but is not limited to, executing, completing, and submitting any documentation necessary to recover or recoup any Award from a Participant s account, or from future compensation or Awards. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.11>
 5
 q4202210-kexhibit1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.11 
 
 STANDARD EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 
 BETWEEN 
 
 DESIGNER BRANDS INC. 
 
 AND 
 
 JIM WEINBERG 
 
 This Standard Executive Severance Agreement Agreement by and between Designer Brands Inc. (the Company and Jim Weinberg (the Executive ), collectively, the Parties, is effective as of the date signed (the Effective Date and supersedes and replaces any other oral or written employment-related agreement between the Executive and the Company. 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the severance offer to the Executive is provided by the Company in exchange for the Executive s performance of the obligations described in this Agreement. The Executive agrees that the severance offered is adequate consideration for the performance of the duties and the covenants and releases made and entered into by and between the Executive and the Company in this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and the Executive agree to the following 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 1.00 EXECUTIVE S OBLIGATIONS 
 
 1.01 Scope of Duties. The Executive will 
 1 Devote all available business time, best efforts and undivided attention to the Company s business and affairs and 
 
 2 Not engage in any other business activity, whether or not for gain, profit or other pecuniary benefit. 
 
 3 However, the restriction described in Section 1.02 1 and 2 will not preclude the Executive from 
 
 a Making or holding passive investments in outstanding shares in the securities of publicly-owned companies or other businesses other than ownership of 2 or more of the voting stock of any organizations described in Section 1.05 , regardless of when and how that investment was made or 
 
 b Serving on corporate, civic, religious, educational and or charitable boards or committees but only if this activity i does not interfere with the performance of duties under this Agreement and ii is approved by the Executive s manager. 
 
 1.02 Confidential Information . 
 
 1 Obligation to Protect Confidential Information. The Executive acknowledges that the Company and its subsidiaries, parent corporation and affiliated entities (collectively, Group and separately, Group Member have a legitimate and continuing proprietary interest in the protection of Confidential Information (as defined in Section 1.02 2 and have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial sums of money to develop, maintain and protect Confidential Information. The Executive agrees a during and after employment with all Group Members whether or not such termination was voluntary i that any Confidential Information will be held in confidence and treated as proprietary to the Group, ii not to use or disclose any Confidential Information except to promote and advance the Group s business interests and b immediately upon termination from employment with all Group Members, whether or not such termination was voluntary, to return to the Company any Confidential Information. 
 
 2 Definition of Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes any confidential data, figures, projections, estimates, pricing data, customer lists, buying manuals or procedures, distribution manuals or procedures, other policy and procedure manuals or handbooks, supplier information, tax records, personnel histories and records, information regarding sales, information regarding properties and any other Confidential Information regarding the business, operations, properties or personnel of the Group (or any Group Member) which are disclosed to or learned by the Executive as a result of employment with any Group Member, but will not include a the Executive s personal personnel 

records or b any information that i the Executive possessed before the date of initial employment (including periods before the Effective Date) with any Group Member that was a matter of public knowledge, ii became or becomes a matter of public knowledge through sources independent of the Executive, iii has been or is disclosed by any Group Member expressly providing for no restrictions on its use, iv has been or is required to be disclosed by law or governmental order or regulation, or v the Executive discloses to the appropriate governmental or regulatory agency solely for the purpose of reporting, participating in an investigation of, or participating in a proceeding involving a suspected violation of law. The Executive also agrees that, if there is any reasonable doubt whether an item is public knowledge, to not regard the item as public knowledge until and unless the General Counsel of the Company confirms to the Executive that the information is public knowledge or an arbitrator, acting under Section 6.00, finally decides that the information is public knowledge. 
 
 3 Intellectual Property. The Executive expressly acknowledges that all right, title and interest to all inventions, designs, discoveries, works of authorship, and ideas conceived, produced, created, discovered, authored, or reduced to practice during the Executive s performance of services under this Agreement, whether individually or jointly with any Group Member (the Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by the Group, and shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 1.02 1 above. All Intellectual Property which constitutes copyrightable subject matter under the copyright laws of the United States shall, from the inception of creation, be deemed to be a work made for hire under the United States copyright laws and all right, title and interest in and to such copyrightable works shall vest in the Group. All right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property developed or produced under this Agreement by the Executive, whether constituting patentable subject matter or copyrightable subject matter (to the extent deemed not to be a work made for hire or otherwise, shall be assigned and is hereby irrevocably assigned to the Group by the Executive. The Executive shall, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey the Executive s complete ownership interest in any Intellectual Property to the Group so that the Group may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. The Executive agrees that any Group Member may alter or modify the Intellectual Property at the Group Member s sole discretion, and the Executive waives all right to claim or disclaim authorship. 
 
 1.03 Solicitation of Employees . The Executive agrees that during employment, and for the longer of any period of salary continuation or for two years after terminating employment with all Group Members, whether or not such termination was voluntary, the Executive will 1 not, directly or indirectly, solicit any employee of any Group Member to leave employment with the Group, 2 not, directly or indirectly, employ or seek to employ any employee of any Group Member and 3 not cause or induce any of the Group s (or Group Member s) competitors to solicit for employment or employ any employee of any Group Member. 
 
 1.04 Solicitation of Third Parties . The Executive agrees that during employment, and for the longer of any period of salary continuation or for two years after terminating employment with all Group Members, whether or not such termination was voluntary, not, directly or indirectly, to recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee or any other person having a business relationship with the Group (or any Group Member) to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship except in the course of discharging the duties described in this Agreement and with the good faith objective of advancing the Group s (or any Group Member s) business interests. 
 
 1.05 Non-Competition . The Executive agrees that for the longer of any period of salary continuation or for one year after terminating employment with all Group Members, not, directly or indirectly, to accept employment with, act as a consultant to, or otherwise perform services that are substantially the same or similar to those for which the Executive was compensated by any Group Member (this comparison will be based on job-related functions and responsibilities and not on job title) for any business that directly competes with the Group s (or any Group Member s) business, which is understood by the Parties to be the sale of significant branded footwear regardless of whether it is offered at full-price, at discount or off-price, and regardless of the channel of distribution (such as department stores, specialty retail stores, for sale at first-cost or wholesale rates and or for sale online), and the manufacture and design of footwear. Illustrations of businesses that compete with the Group s business include, but are not limited to, Amazon (footwear and accessories) Caleres Inc. Champs Sports Deckers Outdoor Dick s Sporting Goods Famous Footwear Finish Line Foot Locker Genesco Kohl s (footwear) Macy s Marc Fisher Footwear Nordstrom and Nordstrom Rack (Non-apparel) Off Broadway Shoes Shoe Carnival Skechers USA Steve Madden Stuart Weitzman The TJX Companies, Inc. (T.J. Maxx Marshall s The Maxx Marmaxx) Walmart Wolverine World Wide and Zappos. This restriction applies to any parent, division, affiliate, newly formed or purchased business(es) and or successor of a business that competes with the Group s (or any Group Member s) business. 
 
 1.06 Post-Termination Cooperation . As is required of the Executive during employment, the Executive agrees that during and after employment with any Group Members and without additional compensation (other than reimbursement for reasonable associated expenses), to cooperate with the Group (and with each Group Member) in the following areas 
 
 1 Cooperation With the Company . The Executive agrees a to be reasonably available to answer questions for the Group s (and any Group Member s) officers regarding any matter, project, initiative or effort for which the Executive was responsible while employed by any Group Member and b to cooperate with the Group (and with each Group Member) during the course of all third-party proceedings arising out of the Group s (and any Group Member s) business about which the Executive has knowledge or information. For purposes of this Agreement, c proceedings includes internal investigations, 

administrative investigations or proceedings, arbitrations, and lawsuits (including pre-trial discovery and trial testimony) and d cooperation includes i the Executive being reasonably available for interviews, meetings, depositions, hearings and or trials without the need for subpoena or assurances by the Group (or any Group Member), ii preserving and providing any and all documents in the Executive s possession that relate to the proceeding, and iii providing assistance in locating any and all relevant notes and or documents. 
 
 2 Cooperation With Third Parties . Unless compelled to do so by lawfully-served subpoena or court order, the Executive agrees not to communicate with, or give statements or testimony to, any opposing attorney, opposing attorney s representative (including private investigator) or current or former employee relating to any matter (including pending or threatened lawsuits or administrative investigations) about which the Executive has knowledge or information (other than knowledge or information that is not Confidential Information as defined in Section 1.02 2 as a result of employment with the Group (or any Group Member) except in cooperation with the Company. The Executive also agrees to notify the General Counsel of the Company immediately after being contacted by a third party or receiving a subpoena or court order to appear and testify with respect to any matter affected by this Section. 
 
 3 Cooperation With Media . The Executive agrees not to communicate with, or give statements to, any member of the media (including print, television or radio media) relating to any matter (including pending or threatened lawsuits or administrative investigations) about which the Executive has knowledge or information (other than knowledge or information that is not Confidential Information as defined in Section 1.02 2 as a result of employment with the Group (or any Group Member). The Executive also agrees to notify the General Counsel of the Company immediately after being contacted by any member of the media with respect to any matter affected by this Section. 
 
 1.07 Non-Disparagement . The Executive and the Company (on its behalf and on behalf of the Group and each Group Member) agree that neither will make any disparaging remarks about the other and the Executive will not make any disparaging remarks about the Company s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer or any of the Group s senior executives. However, this Section will not preclude 1 any remarks that may be made by the Executive under the terms of Section 1.06 2 or that are required to discharge the duties described in this Agreement or 2 the Company from making (or eliciting from any person) disparaging remarks about the Executive concerning any conduct that may lead to a termination for Cause, as defined in Section 2.03 (including initiating an inquiry or investigation that may result in a termination for Cause), but only to the extent reasonably necessary to investigate the Executive s conduct and to protect the Group s (or any Group Member s) interests. 
 
 1.08 Notice of Subsequent Employment. The Executive agrees to immediately notify the Company of any subsequent employment during the period of salary continuation after employment terminates. 
 
 1.09 Nondisclosure. The Executive agrees not to disclose the terms of this Agreement in any manner to any person other than the Executive s manager, one of the Company s Vice Presidents of Human Resources (or any Company representative they expressly approve for such disclosure), the Executive s personal attorney, accountant and financial advisor, and the Executive s immediate family or as otherwise required by law. 
 
 1.10 Remedies . The Executive acknowledges that money will not adequately compensate the Group for the substantial damages that will arise upon the breach of any provision of Section 1.00. For this reason, any disputes arising under Section 1.00 will not be subject to arbitration under Section 6.00. If the Executive breaches or threatens to breach any provision of Section 1.00, the Company will be entitled, in addition to other rights and remedies, to specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable relief to prevent or restrain any breach or threatened breach of Section 1.00. 
 
 1.11 Return of Company Property. Upon termination of employment, the Executive agrees to promptly return to the Company all property belonging to the Group or any Group Member. 
 
 2.00 TERMINATION AND RELATED BENEFITS 
 
 2.01 Rules of General Application. The following rules apply generally to the implementation of Section 2.00 
 
 1 Method of Payment. If the amount of any installment payments is or becomes less than or equal to the applicable dollar amount under Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Company may elect to pay such remaining installments as a lump sum. 
 
 2 Application of Pro Rata . Any pro rata share required to be paid under Section 2.00 will be based on the number of days between the first day of the fiscal year during which the Executive terminates employment and the date that the Executive terminates employment divided by the number of days in the fiscal year during which the Executive terminates employment. 
 
 2.02 Involuntary Termination Without Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment at any time Without Cause (as defined below) by delivering to the Executive a written notice specifying the date termination is to be 

effective. If all requirements of this Agreement are met, the Company will make the following payments to the Executive as of the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause 
 
 1 Base Salary. For twelve (12) months beginning on the date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, the Company will continue to pay the Executive s base salary at the rate in effect on the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause. If such amount exceeds two times the annual compensation limit prescribed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Involuntary Termination Limit ), then the Company will pay the severance obligation described in this Section 2.02 1 in two payment streams. The first payment stream will be equal to the Involuntary Termination Limit, and the Company will pay this amount in 12 monthly installments, beginning on the date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause. The amount of the second payment stream will equal the amount in excess of the Involuntary Termination Limit. The Company will pay this amount in six monthly installments beginning on the date that is six months after the date of the Executive s Involuntary Termination Without Cause. As a condition of this salary continuation, the Executive is expected to promptly and reasonably pursue new employment. If during the salary continuation period the Executive becomes employed either as an employee or a consultant, the Executive s base salary paid by the Company will be reduced by fifty percent (50 of the base salary amount for the remainder of the salary continuation period. The Executive agrees to immediately notify the Company of any subsequent employment or consulting work during the period of salary continuation. 
 
 2 Health Care . The Company will reimburse the Executive for the cost of maintaining continuing health coverage under COBRA for a period of no more than twelve (12) months following the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, less the amount the Executive is expected to pay as a regular employee premium for such coverage. Such reimbursements will cease if the Executive becomes eligible for similar coverage under another benefit plan. The Executive agrees to immediately notify the Company if the Executive becomes eligible for coverage under another benefit plan. 
 
 3 Pro-Rata Cash Incentive Bonus . The Company will pay to the Executive the pro-rata share of any cash incentive bonus earned for the amount of time they were employed provided, however, that this pro-rata share will be paid only when a the Executive was an eligible participant in the applicable bonus plan(s) as of the date of Executive s involuntary termination Without Cause and b the cash incentive bonus performance requirements have been achieved for all eligible participants in the plan(s), as determined by the Company. The pro-rata calculation will be based on the number of calendar days the Executive was employed from the start of the applicable cash incentive bonus plan performance period until the Executive s termination date, as a percent of the total number of calendar days in the bonus plan performance period. The cash incentive bonus will be paid at the same time and using the same methods as all other eligible participants. 
 
 4 Equity Incentives . Subject to the terms of the Designer Brands Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, the Designer Brands Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, any future shareholder approved Company equity plan, and any applicable agreement, the Executive shall have the following rights 
 
 a For these purposes, Award means any award granted under the 
 Designer Brands Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, the Designer Brands Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, any future shareholder approved Company equity plan, and any other agreement, as such term is defined in the applicable plan. 
 
 b With respect to nonqualified stock options, Executive will have ninety (90) days from the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, or the grant expiration date set forth in the applicable stock option agreement between the Executive and the Company, whichever period is shorter, to exercise any portion of any outstanding nonqualified stock options that are vested and exercisable on the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, subject to the trading rules set forth in the Company s policies and procedures, including the Designer Brands Inc. Insider Trading policy. 
 
 c With respect to Awards that would vest solely upon the passage of time and such vesting date would occur within the twelve (12) month period following the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, such Award shall vest and, if applicable, be awarded to the Executive as of the date of termination Without Cause. 
 
 d With respect to Awards that would vest upon the satisfaction of a specified requirement, or upon satisfaction of the passage of time and satisfaction of a specified requirement in the event that all such requirements are satisfied prior to the expiration of the twelve (12) month period following the date of termination Without Cause, such Award shall vest and be awarded to the Executive upon the satisfaction of all applicable requirements. 
 
 5 Other . Any rights accruing to the Executive under any employee benefit plan, fund or program maintained by any Group Member will be distributed or made available as required by the terms of the plan fund or program or as required by law. 
 
 2.03 Definition of Cause. For these purposes, Cause means the Executive s a breach of Section 1.00 of this Agreement, including Scope of Duties, Confidential Information, Solicitation of Employees, Solicitation of Third Parties, Non-Competition, Post-Termination Cooperation, Non-Disparagement, Nondisclosure, and Return of Company Property b willful, illegal or 

grossly negligent conduct that is materially injurious to the Company or any Group Member monetarily or otherwise c violation of laws or regulations governing the Company or to any Group Member d breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any Group Member, expressly including the duties of good faith, ordinary care, and to act in a manner that is not opposed to the best interests of the Company e material misrepresentation or dishonesty in violation of the Company s policies and procedures f involvement in any act of moral turpitude that has or could reasonably have an injurious effect on the Company (or any Group Member) or its reputation or g breach of the terms of any non-solicitation or confidentiality clauses contained in any agreement(s) with a former employer. By way of non-limiting example, conduct constituting Cause under part f of this Section 2.03 includes the Executive s engagement in or facilitation of, as determined by the Company, any form of harassment, sexual or otherwise, or any other sexual misconduct. The Company s dissatisfaction with the Executive s performance, or the business results achieved, shall not, in and of itself, constitute Cause under this Section. 
 
 2.04 Subsequent Information . The terms of Section 2.03 will apply if, after the Executive terminates, the Company learns of an event that, had it been known before the Executive terminated employment, would have justified a termination for Cause. In this case, the Company will be entitled to recover (and the Executive agrees to repay) any amounts (other than legally protected benefits) that the Executive received. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Involuntary Termination Without Cause and Without Cause mean termination of the Executive s employment by the Company for any reason other than those set forth in Section 2.03 or 2.04. 
 
 3.00 NOTICE 
 
 3.01 How Given . Any notice permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be given in writing and delivered in person or by registered, U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or through Federal Express, UPS, DHL or any other reputable professional delivery service that maintains a confirmation of delivery system. Any delivery must be addressed to the Company s General Counsel at the Company s then-current corporate offices or to the Executive at the Executive s address as contained in the Executive s personnel file. 
 
 3.02 Effective Date . Any notice permitted or required to be given under this Agreement will be effective on the date it is delivered, in the event of personal delivery, or on the date its receipt is acknowledged, in the event of delivery by registered mail or through a professional delivery service described in Section 3.01. 
 
 4.00 RELEASE 
 
 In exchange for the payments and benefits described in Section 2.02 of this Agreement, upon termination the Executive and the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees, legatees and assigns (together, the Executive Representatives agree to execute a release forever discharging the Company, the Group and each Group Member and their executives, officers, directors, agents, attorneys, successors and assigns, from any and all claims, suits and or causes of action that grow out of or are in any way related to the Executive s recruitment to or employment with the Company and all Group Members, other than (i) any claim that the Company has breached this Agreement, and (ii) any charge filed with an administrative agency (although the Executive and the Executive Representatives waives any right to recover any money or other benefits arising from such charge(s)). This release includes, but is not limited to, any claims that the Company, the Group or any Group Member violated the Employee Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act the Older Worker s Benefit Protection Act the Americans with Disabilities Act Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended) the Family and Medical Leave Act any law prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation in employment any claim of promissory estoppel or detrimental reliance, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress or the public policy of any state, or any federal, state or local law. If the Executive or the Executive Representatives fails to execute this release, the Executive or the Executive Representatives agrees to forego any payment from the Company as if the Executive had terminated employment voluntarily. Specifically, the Executive and the Executive Representatives agree that a necessary condition for the payment of any of the amounts described in Section 2.00 in the event of termination is the Executive s or the Executive Representatives execution of this release upon termination of employment. The Executive acknowledges that the Executive is an experienced senior executive knowledgeable about the claims that might arise in the course of employment with the Company and knowingly agrees that the payments upon termination provided for in this Agreement are satisfactory consideration for the release of all possible claims. The Executive is advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement. Upon termination, the Executive or the Executive Representatives will receive twenty-one (21) days to consider this release. The Executive or the Executive Representatives may revoke consent to the release by delivering a written notice of such revocation to the Company within seven (7) days of signing the release. If the Executive or the Executive Representatives revokes consent to the release, the release will become null and void and the Executive or the Executive Representatives must return any compensation received under Section 2.02 of this Agreement, except salary the Executive earned for actual work. 
 
 5.00 INSURANCE 
 
 To the extent permitted by law and its organizational documents, the Company will include the Executive under any liability insurance policy the Company maintains for employees of comparable status. The level of coverage will be at least as 

favorable to the Executive (in amount and each other material respect) as the coverage of other employees of comparable status. This obligation to provide insurance for the Executive will survive termination of this Agreement with respect to proceedings or threatened proceedings based on acts or omissions occurring during the Executive s employment with the Company or with any Group Member. 
 
 6.00 ARBITRATION 
 
 6.01 Acknowledgement of Arbitration. Unless stated otherwise in this Agreement, the Parties agree that arbitration is the sole and exclusive remedy for each of them to resolve and redress any dispute, claim or controversy involving the interpretation of this Agreement or the terms, conditions or termination of this Agreement or the terms, conditions or termination of the Executive s employment with the Group and with each Group Member, including any claims for any tort, breach of contract, violation of public policy or discrimination, whether such claim arises under federal or state law. 
 
 6.02 Scope of Arbitration . The Executive expressly understands and agrees that claims subject to arbitration under this Section include asserted violations of the Employee Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act the Older Worker s Benefit Protection Act the Americans with Disabilities Act Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended) the Family and Medical Leave Act any law prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation in employment any claim of promissory estoppel or detrimental reliance, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress or the public policy of any state, or any federal, state or local law. 
 
 6.03 Effect of Arbitration . The Parties intend that any arbitration award relating to any matter described in Section 6.00 will be final and binding on them and that a judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, and enforcement may be had according to the terms of that award. This Section will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 
 6.04 Location of Arbitration . Arbitration will be held in Columbus, Ohio, and will be conducted by a retired federal judge or other qualified arbitrator. The arbitrator will be mutually agreed upon by the Parties and the arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association. The Parties will have the right to conduct discovery pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure provided, however, that the arbitrator will have the authority to establish an expedited discovery schedule and cutoff and to resolve any discovery disputes. The arbitrator will have no jurisdiction or authority to change any provision of this Agreement by alterations of, additions to or subtractions from the terms of this Agreement. The arbitrator s sole authority will be to interpret or apply any provision(s) of this Agreement or any public law alleged to have been violated. The arbitrator will be limited to awarding compensatory damages, including unpaid wages or benefits, but, to the extent allowed by law, will have no authority to award punitive, exemplary or similar-type damages. 
 
 6.05 Time for Initiating Arbitration . Any claim or controversy not sought to be submitted to arbitration, in writing, within one-hundred-twenty (120) days of the date the Party asserting the claim knew, or through reasonable diligence should have known, of the facts giving rise to that Party s claim, will be deemed waived and the Party asserting the claim will have no further right to seek arbitration or recovery with respect to that claim or controversy. Both Parties agree to strictly comply with the time limitation specified in Section 6.00. For purposes of this Section, a claim or controversy is sought to be submitted to arbitration on the date the complaining Party gives written notice to the other that 1 an issue has arisen or is likely to arise that, unless resolved otherwise, may be resolved through arbitration under Section 6.00 and 2 unless the issue is resolved otherwise, the complaining Party intends to submit the matter to arbitration under the terms of Section 6.00. 
 
 6.06 Costs of Arbitration . The Company will bear the arbitrator s fee and other costs associated with any arbitration, unless the arbitrator, acting under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 54(b), elects to award these fees to the Company. 
 
 6.07 Arbitration Exclusive Remedy . The Parties acknowledge that, because arbitration is the exclusive remedy for resolving issues arising under this Agreement, neither Party may resort to any federal, state or local court or administrative agency concerning breaches of this Agreement or any other matter subject to arbitration under Section 6.00, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, and that the decision of the arbitrator will be a complete defense to any suit, action or proceeding instituted in any federal, state or local court before any administrative agency with respect to any arbitrable claim or controversy. 
 
 6.08 Waiver of Jury . The Executive and the Company each waive the right to have a claim or dispute with one another decided in a judicial forum or by a jury, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 
 
 7.00 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 7.01 Representation of Executive . The Executive represents and warrants that the Executive is not under any contractual or legal restraint that prevents or prohibits the Executive from entering into this Agreement or performing the duties and obligations described in this Agreement. 

7.02 Modification or Waiver Entire Agreement . No provision of this Agreement may be modified or waived except in a document signed by the Executive and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer or other person designated by the Company s Board of Directors. This Agreement (including the recitals to this Agreement which are incorporated and shall constitute a part of this Agreement), and any attachments referenced in the Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the Parties regarding the employment relationship described in this Agreement, and any other agreements are superseded, replaced, terminated and of no further force or legal effect. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, with respect to the Executive s employment relationship with the Company have been made or relied upon by either Party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. 
 
 7.03 Governing Law Severability . This Agreement is intended to be performed in accordance with, and only to the extent permitted by, all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any provision of this Agreement to any person or circumstance, is, for any reason and to any extent, held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity and unenforceability will not affect the remaining provisions of this Agreement of its application to other persons or circumstances, all of which will be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law and the Executive and the Company agree that the arbitrator (or judge) is authorized to reform the invalid or enforceable provision 1 to the extent needed to avoid the invalidity or unenforceability and 2 in a manner that is as similar as possible to the intent (as described in this Agreement). The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the Parties will be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without reference to the Ohio choice of law rules. 
 
 7.04 No Waiver . Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.05, failure to insist upon strict compliance with any term of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of any such term. 
 
 7.05 Withholding . All payments made to the Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by any amount 
 
 1 That the Company is required to withhold in advance payment of the Executive s federal, state and local income, wage and employment tax liability and 
 
 2 To the extent allowed by law, that the Executive owes (or, after employment is deemed to owe) to the Company. 
 However, application of Section 7.05 2 will not extinguish the Company s right to seek additional amounts from the Executive (or to pursue other appropriate remedies) to the extent that the amount that may be recovered by application of Section 7.05 2 does not fully discharge the amount the Executive owes to the Company and does not preclude the Company from proceeding directly against the Executive without first exhausting its right of recovery under Section 7.05 2 . 
 
 7.06 Survival . Subject to the terms of the Executive s Beneficiary designation form, the Parties agree that the covenants and promises set forth in this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement and continue in full force and effect. 
 
 7.07 Miscellaneous . 
 
 1 The Executive may not assign any right or interest to, or in, any payments payable under this Agreement provided, however, that this prohibition does not preclude the Executive from designating in writing one or more beneficiaries to receive any amount that may be payable after the Executive s death and does not preclude the legal representative of the Executive s estate from assigning any right under this Agreement to the person or persons entitled to it. 
 
 2 This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Executive, the Executive s heirs and legal representatives and the Company and its successors. 
 
 3 The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not be a part of or control or affect the meaning of any provision of the Agreement. 
 
 7.08 Successors to Company . This Agreement may and will be assigned or transferred to, and will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of, any successor of the Company, and any successor will be substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the term successor means any person, firm, corporation or business entity which at any time, whether by merger, purchase or otherwise, acquires all or essentially all of the assets of the business of the Company. Notwithstanding any assignment, the Company will remain, with any successor, jointly and severally liable for all its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 7.09 IRC Section 409A Compliance. The parties will administer this Agreement in a good faith attempt to avoid imposition on the Executive of penalties under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the guidance promulgated thereunder. If the Executive is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A, and to the extent any payments under this Agreement are otherwise payable in the period beginning with the termination date and ending six months after the termination date and would subject the Executive to penalties under Section 409A, such payments will be delayed, aggregated, and paid as soon as practicable after the date that is six months after the date of termination. For purposes of this Agreement, 

termination of employment or any similar term shall be interpreted consistent with the definition of separation from service under Section 409A. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed and delivered this Agreement, which includes an arbitration provision, and consists of 14 pages. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement may be executed by electronic signature, which shall be considered as an original signature for all purposes and shall have the same force and effect as an original signature. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 
 s Jim Weinberg 
 Jim Weinberg 
 
 Dated 1 22 2022 

DESIGNER BRANDS INC. 
 
 s Roger Rawlins 
 Roger Rawlins 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dated 1 21 2022 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.14>
 6
 exhibit1014-rogerrawlins.htm
 EX-10.14

exhibit1014-rogerrawlins 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 7
 exhibit1015-doughoweexec.htm
 EX-10.15

exhibit1015-doughoweexec 

Initials ______ Date ______ 1 STANDARD EXECUTIVE AGREEMENT BETWEEN DESIGNER BRANDS INC. AND DOUG HOWE This Standard Executive Agreement Designer Brands Inc. (the DOUG HOWE as of the date signed (the supersedes and replaces any other oral or written employment-related agreement between Executive and the Company. RECITALS WHEREAS, the severance offer to Executive is provided by the Company in exchange agrees that the severance offered is adequate consideration for the performance of the duties and the covenants and releases made and entered into by and between Executive and the Company in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and Executive agree to the following: AGREEMENT 1.00 1.01 Scope of Duties. Executive will: [1] Devote all available business time, best efforts and undivided attention to [2] Not engage in any other business activity, whether or not for gain, profit or other pecuniary benefit. [3] However, the restriction described in Section 1.02[1] and [2] will not preclude Executive from: [a] Making or holding passive investments in outstanding shares in the securities of publicly-owned companies or other businesses [other than ownership of 2 or more of the voting stock of any organizations described in Section 1.05], regardless of when and how that investment was made; or [b] Serving on corporate, civic, religious, educational and/or charitable boards or committees but only if this activity [i] does not interfere with the 

Initials ______ Date ______ 2 performance of duties under this Agreement and [ii] is approved by 1.02 Confidential Information. [1] Obligation to Protect Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges that the Company and its subsidiaries, parent corporation and legitimate and continuing proprietary interest in the protection of Confidential Information (as defined in Section 1.02[2]) and have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial sums of money to develop, maintain and protect Confidential Information. Executive agrees [a] during and after employment with all Group Members whether or not such termination was voluntary [i] that any Confidential Information will be held in confidence and treated as proprietary to the Group, [ii] not to use or disclose any Confidential Information except to promote and ness interests and [b] immediately upon termination from employment with all Group Members, whether or not such termination was voluntary, to return to the Company any Confidential Information. [2] Definition of Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes any confidential data, figures, projections, estimates, pricing data, customer lists, buying manuals or procedures, distribution manuals or procedures, other policy and procedure manuals or handbooks, supplier information, tax records, personnel histories and records, information regarding sales, information regarding properties and any other Confidential Information regarding the business, operations, properties or personnel of the Group (or any Group Member) which are disclosed to or learned by Executive as a result of employment with any Group Member, but will not include [a] [b] any information that [i] Executive possessed before the date of initial employment (including periods before the Effective Date) with any Group Member that was a matter of public knowledge, [ii] became or becomes a matter of public knowledge through sources independent of Executive, [iii] has been or is disclosed by any Group Member expressly providing for no restrictions on its use, [iv] has been or is required to be disclosed by law or governmental order or regulation, or [v] Executive discloses to the appropriate governmental or regulatory agency solely for the purpose of reporting, participating in an investigation of, or participating in a proceeding involving a suspected violation of law. Executive also agrees that, if there is any reasonable doubt whether an item is public knowledge, to not regard the item as public knowledge until and unless the General Counsel of the Company confirms to Executive that the information is public knowledge or an arbitrator, acting under Section 6.00, finally decides that the information is public knowledge. [3] Intellectual Property. Executive expressly acknowledges that all right, title and interest to all inventions, designs, discoveries, works of authorship, and ideas conceived, produced, created, discovered, authored, or reduced to practice during ment, whether individually or 

Initials ______ Date ______ 3 by the Group, and shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 1.02[1] above. All Intellectual Property which constitutes copyrightable subject matter under the copyright laws of the United States shall, from the inception of creation, be deemed to be a work made for hire under the United States copyright laws and all right, title and interest in and to such copyrightable works shall vest in the Group. All right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property developed or produced under this Agreement by Executive, whether constituting patentable subject matter or copyrightable subject matter (to the extent deemed not to be a work made for hire or otherwise, shall be assigned and is hereby irrevocably assigned to the Group by Executive. Executive shall, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey plete ownership interest in any Intellectual Property to the Group so that the Group may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. Executive agrees that any Group Member may alter or modify sole discretion, and Executive waives all right to claim or disclaim authorship. 1.03 Solicitation of Employees. Executive agrees that during employment, and for the longer of any period of salary continuation or for two (2) years after terminating employment with all Group Members, whether or not such termination was voluntary, Executive will [1] not, directly or indirectly, solicit any employee of any Group Member to leave employment with the Group, [2] not, directly or indirectly, employ or seek to employ any employee of any Group Member and [3] not c for employment or employ any employee of any Group Member. 1.04 Solicitation of Third Parties. Executive agrees that during employment, and for the longer of any period of salary continuation or for two (2) years after terminating employment with all Group Members, whether or not such termination was voluntary, not, directly or indirectly, to recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee or any other person having a business relationship with the Group (or any Group Member) to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship except in the course of discharging the duties described in this 1.05 Non-Competition. Executive agrees that for the longer of any period of salary continuation or for one (1) year after terminating employment with all Group Members, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, to accept employment with, act as a consultant to, or otherwise perform services that are substantially the same or similar to those for which Executive was compensated by any Group Member (this comparison will be based on job-related functions and responsibilities and not on job title) for any business that understood by the Parties to be the sale of significant branded footwear regardless of whether it is offered at full-price, at discount or off-price, and regardless of the channel of distribution (such as department - 

Initials ______ Date ______ 4 wholesale rates and/or for sale online), and the manufacture and design of footwear. limited to, Adidas; Amazon (footwear and accessories); Birkenstock; Brooks; Caleres Inc.; Champs Sports; Crocs; Deckers Outdoor; Finish Line; Foot Locker; Footwear; New Balance; Nike; Nordstrom and Nordstrom Rack (Non-apparel); Off Broadway Shoes; Puma; Reebok; Shoe Carnival; Skechers USA; Steve Madden; Tapestry, Inc.; Walmart; Wolverine World Wide; and Zappos. This restriction applies to any parent, division, affiliate, newly formed or purchased business(es) and/or successor of a business 1.06 Post-Termination Cooperation. As is required of Executive during employment, Executive agrees that during and after employment with any Group Members and without additional compensation (other than reimbursement for reasonable associated expenses), to cooperate with the Group (and with each Group Member) in the following areas: [1] Cooperation With the Company. Executive agrees [a] to be reasonably regarding any matter, project, initiative or effort for which Executive was responsible while employed by any Group Member and [b] to cooperate with the Group (and with each Group Member) during the course of all third-party which Executive has knowledge or information. For purposes of this Agreement, [c] proceedings, arbitrations, and lawsuits (including pre-trial discovery and trial testimony) and [d] [i] Executive being reasonably available for interviews, meetings, depositions, hearings and/or trials without the need for subpoena or assurances by the Group (or any Group Member), [ii] preserving and that relate to the proceeding, and [iii] providing assistance in locating any and all relevant notes and/or documents. [2] Cooperation With Third Parties. Unless compelled to do so by lawfully- served subpoena or court order, Executive agrees not to communicate with, or representative (including private investigator) or current or former employee relating to any matter (including pending or threatened lawsuits or administrative investigations) about which Executive has knowledge or information (other than knowledge or information that is not Confidential Information as defined in Section 1.02[2]) as a result of employment with the Group (or any Group Member) except in cooperation with the Company. Executive also agrees to notify the General Counsel of the Company immediately after being contacted by a third party or receiving a subpoena or court order to appear and testify with respect to any matter affected by this Section. 

Initials ______ Date ______ 5 [3] Cooperation With Media. Executive agrees not to communicate with, or give statements to, any member of the media (including print, television or radio media) relating to any matter (including pending or threatened lawsuits or administrative investigations) about which Executive has knowledge or information (other than knowledge or information that is not Confidential Information as defined in Section 1.02[2]) as a result of employment with the Group (or any Group Member). Executive also agrees to notify the General Counsel of the Company immediately after being contacted by any member of the media with respect to any matter affected by this Section but before any such information is provided to any member of the media. 1.07 Non-Disparagement. Executive and the Company (on its behalf and on behalf of the Group and each Group Member) agree that neither will make any disparaging remarks about the other and Executive will not make any disparaging remarks about the However, this Section will not preclude [1] any remarks that may be made by Executive under the terms of Section 1.06[2] or that are required to discharge the duties described in this Agreement or [2] the Company from making (or eliciting from any person) disparaging remarks about Executive concerning any conduct that may lead to a termination for Cause, as defined in Section 2.03 (including initiating an inquiry or investigation that may result in a termination for Cause), but only to the extent reasonably 1.08 Notice of Subsequent Employment. Executive agrees to immediately notify the Company of any subsequent employment during the period of salary continuation after employment terminates. 1.09 Nondisclosure. Executive agrees not to disclose the terms of this Agreement in Presidents of Human Resources (or any Company representative they expressly approve 1.10 Remedies. Executive acknowledges that money will not adequately compensate the Group for the substantial damages that will arise upon the breach of any provision of Section 1.00. For this reason, any disputes arising under Section 1.00 will not be subject to arbitration under Section 6.00. If Executive breaches or threatens to breach any provision of Section 1.00, the Company will be entitled, in addition to other rights and remedies, to specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable relief to prevent or restrain any breach or threatened breach of Section 1.00. 1.11 Return of Company Property. Upon termination of employment, Executive agrees to promptly return to the Company all property belonging to the Group or any Group Member. At the Com permanently destroy Company property that is electronically stored and will be required 

Initials ______ Date ______ 6 to sign a certification provided by the Company confirming that such destruction is complete. 2.00 TERMINATION AND RELATED BENEFITS 2.01 Rules of General Application. The following rules apply generally to the implementation of Section 2.00: [1] Method of Payment. If the amount of any installment payments is or becomes less than or equal to the applicable dollar amount under Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Company may elect to pay such remaining installments as a lump sum. [2] Application of Pro Rata. Any pro rata share required to be paid under Section 2.00 will be based on the number of days between the first day of the fiscal year during which Executive terminates employment and the date that Executive terminates employment divided by the number of days in the fiscal year during which Executive terminates employment. 2.02 Involuntary Termination Without Cause. The Company may terminate Executive a written notice specifying the date termination is to be effective. If all requirements of this Agreement are met, the Company will make the following payments toExecutive as of the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause: [1] Base Salary. For twelve (12) months beginning on the date of Involuntary base salary at the rate in effect on the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause. If such amount exceeds two (2) times the annual compensation limit prescribed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the obligation described in this Section 2.02[1] in two (2) payment streams. The first payment stream will be equal to the Involuntary Termination Limit, and the Company will pay this amount in twelve (12) monthly installments, beginning on the date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause. The amount of the second payment stream will equal the amount in excess of the Involuntary Termination Limit. The Company will pay this amount in six monthly installments beginning on the date that is six (6) months after the date of Without Cause. As a condition of this salary continuation, Executive is expected to promptly and reasonably pursue new employment. If during the salary continuation period Executive becomes employed either as an employee or a base salary paid by the Company will be reduced by fifty percent (50 of the base salary amount for the remainder of the salary continuation period. Executive agrees to immediately notify the Company of any subsequent employment or consulting work during the period of salary continuation. 

Initials ______ Date ______ 7 [2] Health Care. The Company will reimburse Executive for the cost of maintaining continuing health coverage under COBRA for a period of no more than twelve (12) months following the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, less the amount Executive is expected to pay as a regular employee premium for such coverage. Such reimbursements will cease if Executive becomes eligible for similar coverage under another benefit plan. Executive agrees to immediately notify the Company if Executive becomes eligible for coverage under another benefit plan. [3] Pro-Rata Cash Incentive Bonus. The Company will pay to Executive the pro-rata share of any cash incentive bonus earned for the amount of time they were employed; provided, however, that this pro-rata share will be paid only when [a] Executive was an eligible participant in the applicable bonus plan(s) as of the Involuntary Termination Without Cause; and [b] the cash incentive bonus performance requirements have been achieved for all eligible participants in the plan(s), as determined by the Company as of the date of Executive s Involuntary Termination Without Cause. The pro-rata calculation will be based on the number of calendar days Executive was employed from the start of the termination date, as a percent of the total number of calendar days in the bonus plan performance period. The cash incentive bonus will be paid at the same time and using the same methods as all other eligible participants. [4] Equity Incentives. Subject to the terms of the Designer Brands Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, the Designer Brands Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, any future shareholder approved Company equity plan, and any applicable agreement, Executive shall have the following rights: [a] For these purposes, Award means any award granted under the Designer Brands Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, the Designer Brands Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, any future shareholder approved Company equity plan, and any other agreement, as such term is defined in the applicable plan. [b] With respect to nonqualified stock options, Executive will have ninety (90) days from the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, or the grant expiration date set forth in the applicable stock option agreement between Executive and the Company, whichever period is shorter, to exercise any portion of any outstanding nonqualified stock options that are vested and exercisable on the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, subject to the trading rules set forth in policies and procedures, including the Designer Brands Inc. Insider Trading policy. [c] With respect to Awards that would vest solely upon the passage of time and such vesting date would occur within the twelve (12) month period following the effective date of Involuntary Termination Without 

Initials ______ Date ______ 8 Cause, such Award shall vest and, if applicable, be awarded to Executive as of the date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause. [d] With respect to Awards that would vest upon the satisfaction of a specified requirement, or upon satisfaction of the passage of time and satisfaction of a specified requirement; in the event that all such requirements are satisfied prior to the expiration of the twelve (12) month period following the date of Involuntary Termination Without Cause, such Award shall vest and be awarded to Executive upon the satisfaction of all applicable requirements. [5] Other. Any rights accruing to Executive under any employee benefit plan, fund or program maintained by any Group Member will be distributed or made available as required by the terms of the plan fund or program or as required by law. 2.03 Definition of Cause. [a] breach of Section 1.00 of this Agreement, including Scope of Duties, Confidential Information, Solicitation of Employees, Solicitation of Third Parties, Non-Competition, Post- Termination Cooperation, Non-Disparagement, Nondisclosure, and Return of Company Property; [b] willful, illegal or grossly negligent conduct that is materially injurious to the Company or any Group Member monetarily or otherwise; [c] violation of laws or regulations governing the Company or to any Group Member; [d] breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any Group Member, expressly including the duties of good faith, ordinary care, and to act in a manner that is not opposed to the best interests of the Company; [e] policies and procedures; [f] involvement in any act of moral turpitude that has or could reasonably have an injurious effect on the Company (or any Group Member) or its reputation; or [g] breach of the terms of any non-solicitation or confidentiality clauses contained in any agreement(s) with a former employer. By way of non-limiting example, conduct constituting Cause under part [f] of this Section 2.03 includes engagement in or facilitation of, as determined by the Company, any form of harassment, ss results achieved, shall not, in and of itself, constitute Cause under this Section. 2.04 Subsequent Information. The terms of Section 2.03 will apply if, after Executive terminates, the Company learns of an event that, had it been known before Executive terminated employment, would have justified a termination for Cause. In this case, the Company will be entitled to recover (and Executive agrees to repay) any amounts (other than legally protected benefits) that Executive received. For purposes of this Agreement, Without Cause other than those set forth in Section 2.03 or 2.04. 3.00 NOTICE 

Initials ______ Date ______ 9 3.01 How Given. Any notice permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be given in writing and delivered in person or by registered, U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or through Federal Express, UPS, DHL or any other professional delivery service that maintains a confirmation of delivery system. Any General Counsel - as of the last day of employment. 3.02 Effective Date. Any notice permitted or required to be given under this Agreement will be effective on the date it is delivered, in the event of personal delivery, or on the date its receipt is acknowledged, in the event of delivery by registered mail or through a professional delivery service described in Section 3.01. 4.00 RELEASE In exchange for the payments and benefits described in Section 2.02 of this Agreement, cutors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees, legatees and assigns (together, Company, the Group and each Group Member and their executives, officers, directors, agents, attorneys, successors and assigns, from any and all claims, suits and/or causes employment with the Company and all Group Members, other than: (i) any claim that the Company has breached this Agreement, and (ii) any charge filed with an administrative agency (although Executive and Executive Representatives waives any right to recover any money or other benefits arising from such charge(s)). This release includes, but is not limited to, any claims that the Company, the Group or any Group Member violated the Employee Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974; the Age Discrimination in s with Disabilities Act; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended); the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Equal Pay Act of 1963 (as amended); the Genetic Information and Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; any law prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation in employment; any claim of promissory estoppel or detrimental reliance, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress; or the public policy of any state, or any federal, state or local law. If Executive or Executive Representatives fails to execute this release, Executive or Executive Representatives agrees to forego any payment from the Company as if Executive had terminated employment voluntarily. Specifically, Executive and the Executive Representatives agree that a necessary condition for the payment of any of the amounts described in Section 2.00 in the event of termination is employment. Executive acknowledges that the Executive is an experienced senior executive knowledgeable about the claims that might arise in the course of employment with the Company and knowingly agrees that the payments upon termination provided for in this Agreement are satisfactory consideration for the release of all possible claims. Notwithstanding the forgoing, nothing in this this Agreement is intended to, or shall, interfere with Executive 

Initials ______ Date ______ 10 discrimination laws to institute a charge of discrimination or an unfair labor practice charge, to participate in a proceeding with any appropriate federal, state or local government agency enforcing discrimination or labor laws, or to cooperate with any such agency in its investigation. By signing below, however, Executive understands and agrees that Executive shall not be entitled to any relief, recovery, or monies in connection with any such charge, claim or cause of action brought against the Company, regardless of who filed or initiated any such charge, claim or cause of action. 5.00 INSURANCE To the extent permitted by law and its organizational documents, the Company will include Executive under any liability insurance policy the Company maintains for employees of comparable status. The level of coverage will be at least as favorable to Executive (in amount and each other material respect) as the coverage of other employees of comparable status. This obligation to provide insurance for Executive will survive termination of this Agreement with respect to proceedings or threatened the Company or with any Group Member. 6.00 ARBITRATION 6.01 Acknowledgement of Arbitration. Unless stated otherwise in this Agreement, the Parties agree that arbitration is the sole and exclusive remedy for each of them to resolve and redress any dispute, claim or controversy involving the interpretation of this Agreement or the terms, conditions or termination of this Agreement or the terms, Member, including any claims for any tort, breach of contract, violation of public policy or discrimination, whether such claim arises under federal or state law. Section 6.0 specifically supersedes, replaces, and terminates any contemporaneous or previous agreement regarding arbitration, including but not limited to the Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims, and any such agreement will have no further force or legal effect. Additionally, to the extent that any contemporaneous or previous agreement regarding arbitration exists, including but not limited to the Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims, this Agreement constitutes an individual written agreement specifically altering and modifying such agreement. 6.02 Scope of Arbitration. The Executive expressly understands and agrees that claims subject to arbitration under this Section include asserted violations of the Employee Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974; the Age Discrimination in Disabilities Act; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended); the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Equal Pay Act of 1963 (as amended); the Genetic Information and Nondiscrimination Act of 2008; any law prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation in employment; any claim of promissory estoppel or detrimental reliance, 

Initials ______ Date ______ 11 defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress; or the public policy of any state, or any federal, state or local law. Section 6.0 does not apply to: disability insurance, or unemployment insurance benefits; (2) any claim not subject to mandatory arbitration, applying the FAA to determine whether the claim is arbitrable, including, if Employee chooses, sexual assault and sexual harassment disputes as defined by section 401 of the FAA; and (3) any claim for benefits from an employee benefit plan or pension plan that has its own binding, non-judicial dispute resolution procedure. 6.03 Effect of Arbitration. The Parties intend that any arbitration award relating to any matter described in Section 6.00 will be final and binding on them and that a judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, and enforcement may be had according to the terms of that award. This Section will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 6.04 Location of Arbitration. Arbitration will be held in Columbus, Ohio and will be conducted by a retired federal judge or other qualified arbitrator. The arbitrator will be mutually agreed upon by the Parties and the arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association . 6.05 Arbitration Procedures. The Parties will have the right to conduct discovery pursuant to the AAA rules and consistent with the expedited nature of arbitration. Generally, the Parties may take the depositions of all expert witnesses and up to (3) other individuals per Party. To the extent that a case warrants additional depositions or otherwise extensive discovery, the arbitrator will have the authority to approve the scope of such discovery. Additionally, the arbitrator will have the authority to establish an expedited discovery schedule and cutoff and to resolve any discovery disputes. The arbitrator will have no jurisdiction or authority to change any provision of this Agreement by alterations of, additions to or subtractions from the terms of this Agreement. The nt or any public law alleged to have been violated. The arbitrator will be limited to awarding compensatory damages, including unpaid wages or benefits, but, to the extent allowed by law, will have no authority to award punitive, exemplary or similar-type damages. 6.06 Time for Initiating Arbitration. Any claim or controversy not sought to be submitted to arbitration, in writing, within one-hundred-twenty (120) days of the date the Party asserting the claim knew, or through reasonable diligence should have known, of the claim will have no further right to seek arbitration or recovery with respect to that claim or controversy. Both Parties agree to strictly comply with the time limitation specified in Section 6.00. For purposes of this Section, a claim or controversy is sought to be submitted to arbitration on the date the complaining Party gives written notice to the other that [1] an issue has arisen or is likely to arise that, unless resolved otherwise, may be resolved through arbitration under Section 6.00 and [2] unless the issue is resolved 

Initials ______ Date ______ 12 otherwise, the complaining Party intends to submit the matter to arbitration under the terms of Section 6.00. 6.07 Costs of Arbitration. Executive may be required to pay a filing fee to initiate arbitration. any arbitration, unless the arbitrator elects to award these fees to the Company. 6.08 Arbitration Exclusive Remedy. The Parties acknowledge that, because arbitration is the exclusive remedy for resolving issues arising under this Agreement, neither Party may resort to any federal, state or local court or administrative agency concerning breaches of this Agreement or any other matter subject to arbitration under Section 6.00, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, and that the decision of the arbitrator will be a complete defense to any suit, action or proceeding instituted in any federal, state or local court before any administrative agency with respect to any arbitrable claim or controversy. 6.09 Waiver of Jury. The Executive and the Company each waive the right to have a claim or dispute with one another decided in a judicial forum or by a jury, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 7.00 GENERAL PROVISIONS 7.01 Representation of Executive. Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not under any contractual or legal restraint that prevents or prohibits Executive from entering into this Agreement or performing the duties and obligations described in this Agreement. 7.02 Modification or Waiver; Entire Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be modified or waived except in a document signed by Executive and the Co Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer or other (including the recitals to this Agreement which are incorporated and shall constitute a part of this Agreement), and any attachments referenced in the Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the Parties regarding the employment relationship described in this Agreement, and any other agreements are superseded, replaced, terminated and of no further force or legal effect. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, with relied upon by either Party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. 7.03 Governing Law; Severability; Choice of Law. This Agreement is intended to be performed in accordance with, and only to the extent permitted by, all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any provision of this Agreement to any person or circumstance, is, for any reason and to any extent, held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity and unenforceability will not affect the remaining provisions of this Agreement of its application to other persons or circumstances, all of which will be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law and Executive and the Company agree that the arbitrator (or judge) is authorized to reform 

Initials ______ Date ______ 13 the invalid or enforceable provision [1] to the extent needed to avoid the invalidity or unenforceability and [2] in a manner that is as similar as possible to the intent (as described in this Agreement). The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the Parties will be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without reference to the Ohio choice of law rules. 7.04 No Waiver. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.05, failure to insist upon strict compliance with any term of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of any such term. 7.05 Withholding. All payments made to Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by any amount: [1] That the Company is required to withhold in advance payment of employment tax liability; and [2] To the extent allowed by law, that Executive owes (or, after employment is deemed to owe) to the Company. additional amounts from the Executive (or to pursue other appropriate remedies) to the extent that the amount that may be recovered by application of Section 7.05[2] does not fully discharge the amount Executive owes to the Company and does not preclude the Company from proceeding directly against Executive without first exhausting its right of recovery under Section 7.05[2]. 7.06 Survival Parties agree that the covenants and promises set forth in this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement and continue in full force and effect. 7.07 Miscellaneous. [1] Executive may not assign any right or interest to, or in, any payments payable under this Agreement; provided, however, that this prohibition does not preclude Executive from designating in writing one or more beneficiaries to receive Agreement to the person or persons entitled to it. [2] This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of successors. [3] The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and will not be a part of or control or affect the meaning of any provision of the Agreement. 

Initials ______ Date ______ 14 7.08 Successors to Company. This Agreement may and will be assigned or transferred to, and will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of, any successor of the Company, and any successor will be substituted for the Company under the terms of firm, corporation or business entity which at any time, whether by merger, purchase or otherwise, acquires all or essentially all of the assets of the business of the Company. Notwithstanding any assignment, the Company will remain, with any successor, jointly and severally liable for all its obligations under this Agreement. 7.09 IRC Section 409A Compliance. The parties will administer this Agreement in a good faith attempt to avoid imposition on Executive of penalties under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the guidance promulgated thereunder. If fined under Section 409A, and to the extent any payments under this Agreement are otherwise payable in the period beginning with termination date and ending six (6) months after the termination date and would subject the Executive to penalties under Section 409A, such payments will be delayed, aggregated, and paid as soon as practicable after the date that is six (6) months after the date of termination. similar term shall be interpreted con under Section 409A. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES, DECLARES, AND REPRESENTS THAT: (A) EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO EXECUTIV RIGHTS AND CLAIMS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT; (B) EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED BY THE COMPANY IN WRITING BY THIS AGREEMENT TO CONSULT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF EXECUTIV PRIOR TO EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RELEASE PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT; (C) EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN INFORMED BY THE COMPANY AND EXECUTIVE AGREES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS AFTER RECEIVING THIS AGREEMENT, TO ACCEPT, SIGN, AND DATE THIS AGREEMENT; (D) EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS EXECUTIVE HAS SEVEN (7) DAYS AFTER SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT TO REVOKE ITS TER WRITTEN NOTICE OF REVOCATION TO COMPLIANCE@DESIGNERBRANDS.COM; (E) EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN INFORMED BY THE COMPANY THAT THIS AGREEMENT WILL BECOME EFFECTIVE ONLY IF EXECUTIVE ACCEPTS AND SIGNS THIS AGREEMENT AND ONLY IF EXECUTIVE DOES NOT REVOKE EXECUTIV ACCEPTANCE WITHIN THE REVOCATION PERIOD; 

Initials ______ Date ______ 15 (F) NO PROMISE, INDUCEMENT OR AGREEMENT HAS BEEN MADE EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND THIS AGREEMENT TOTALLY REPLACES AND SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL PRIOR ORAL OR WRITTEN CONTRACTS, AGREEMENT, LETTERS OR UNDERSTANDINGS OF THE PARTIES; AND (G) EXECUTIVE HAS VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY SIGNED THIS AGREEMENT, FULLY INTENDING TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. [Signature Page Follows] 

Initials ______ Date ______ 16 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed and delivered this Agreement, which includes an arbitration provision, and consists of sixteen (16) pages. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement may be executed by electronic signature, which shall be considered as an original signature for all purposes and shall have the same force and effect as an original signature. EXECUTIVE Doug Howe Dated: DESIGNER BRANDS INC. Roger Rawlins Chief Executive Officer Dated: 

Certificate Of Completion Envelope Id: A2DFAF1D517E443B8E4712E5CD4944F7 Status: Completed Subject: Please DocuSign: Doug Howe - Executive Agreement Source Envelope: Document Pages: 16 Signatures: 2 Envelope Originator: Certificate Pages: 5 Initials: 16 Designer Brands Compensation Team AutoNav: Enabled EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled Time Zone: (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US Canada) 810 DSW Drive Columbus, OH 43219 compensation@hr.designerbrands.com IP Address: 163.116.133.113 Record Tracking Status: Original 6/1/2022 4:11:25 PM Holder: Designer Brands Compensation Team compensation@hr.designerbrands.com Location: DocuSign Signer Events Signature Timestamp Doug Howe doughowe@dswinc.com Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None) Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style Signed by link sent to doughowe@dswinc.com Using IP Address: 163.116.133.115 Sent: 6/1/2022 4:17:54 PM Viewed: 6/2/2022 12:48:53 PM Signed: 6/2/2022 12:49:37 PM Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Accepted: 6/2/2022 12:48:53 PM ID: 7d6b2c1a-dcd6-4d01-9ca6-0cc18b8f6e82 Roger Rawlins rogerrawlins@designerbrands.com CEO Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None) Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style Signed by link sent to rogerrawlins@designerbrands.com Using IP Address: 163.116.133.116 Sent: 6/2/2022 12:49:38 PM Viewed: 6/2/2022 1:28:40 PM Signed: 6/2/2022 1:28:44 PM Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Not Offered via DocuSign In Person Signer Events Signature Timestamp Editor Delivery Events Status Timestamp Agent Delivery Events Status Timestamp Intermediary Delivery Events Status Timestamp Certified Delivery Events Status Timestamp Carbon Copy Events Status Timestamp Designer Brands Compensation Team compensation@hr.designerbrands.com Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None) Sent: 6/2/2022 1:28:46 PM Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Not Offered via DocuSign 

Carbon Copy Events Status Timestamp Miriam Shoap MiriamShoap@dswinc.com Manager, Legal Services Security Level: Email, Account Authentication (None) Sent: 6/2/2022 1:28:47 PM Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: Not Offered via DocuSign Witness Events Signature Timestamp Notary Events Signature Timestamp Envelope Summary Events Status Timestamps Envelope Sent Hashed/Encrypted 6/1/2022 4:17:54 PM Certified Delivered Security Checked 6/2/2022 1:28:40 PM Signing Complete Security Checked 6/2/2022 1:28:44 PM Completed Security Checked 6/2/2022 1:28:47 PM Payment Events Status Timestamps Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure 

ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE From time to time, DSW Inc. (we, us or Company) may be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through the DocuSign system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check- Getting paper copies At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time (usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the procedure described below. Withdrawing your consent If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures electronically is described below. Consequences of changing your mind If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents from us. All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically 

Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures electronically from us. How to contact DSW Inc.: You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: To contact us by email send messages to: licensing-docusign@designerbrands.com To advise DSW Inc. of your new email address To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at licensing- docusign@designerbrands.com and in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email address. We do not require any other information from you to change your email address. If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your account preferences. To request paper copies from DSW Inc. To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to licensing- docusign@designerbrands.com and in the body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. To withdraw your consent with DSW Inc. To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic format you may: 

i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; ii. send us an email to licensing-docusign@designerbrands.com and in the body of such request you must state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any other information from you to withdraw consent.. The consequences of your withdrawing consent for online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. Required hardware and software The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide- signing-system-requirements. Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described herein, then select the check- By selecting the check- u confirm that: You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future reference and access; and Until or unless you notify DSW Inc. as described above, you consent to receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made available to you by DSW Inc. during the course of your relationship with DSW Inc.. 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 q4202210-kexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 DESIGNER BRANDS INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Ref. No. Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Parent Company No. 1 Designer Brands Inc. Ohio N A 2 DSW Shoe Warehouse, Inc. Missouri 1 3 Brand Card Services LLC Ohio 1 4 DSW Information Technology LLC Ohio 1 5 eTailDirect LLC Delaware 2 6 Ebuys, Inc. California 2 7 DSW MS LLC Ohio 1 8 DSW Leased Business Division LLC aka Affiliated Business Group Ohio 2 9 810 AC LLC Ohio 1 10 DSW PR LLC Puerto Rico 2 11 Retail Ventures Services, Inc. Ohio 7 12 DSW Shoe Warehouse, S.a.r.l. Luxembourg 2 13 Designer Brands Canada Inc. Canada 12 14 Camuto LLC Ohio 2 15 Designer Brand Licensing LLC Ohio 2 16 Camuto Overseas Holding Subsidiary LLC Ohio 14 17 Victory Assessoria EM Compras EIRELLA Brazil 16 18 CGA Design Ltd Hong Kong 16 19 CGA Dongguan Ltd China 18 20 VCJS LLC Connecticut 14 21 VCS Group LLC Delaware 14 22 Article II JV, LLC Delaware 21 23 BC VC Ventures LLC Delaware 21 24 Vincent Camuto LLC Connecticut 14 25 CCI Operations LLC Ohio 14 26 VC Footwear LLC Connecticut 25 27 VC Line Building Services LLC Connecticut 25 28 Hot on Time LLC Connecticut 25 29 Sole Society Group Inc. Delaware 25 30 ABG-Camuto, LLC Delaware 15 31 BRX DBI Joint Venture LLC Delaware 21 32 JEMS, Inc. Oregon 1 33 DBI Brands Management LLC Ohio 2 34 Designer Brands Partners LLC Ohio 14 35 Le Tigre 360 Global LLC Delaware 15 36 ToPo ATHLETIC LLC Delaware 34 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 q4202210-kexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-126244, 333-159849, 333-203015, and 333-239853 on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-238121 on Form S-3, Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form S-8 to the Registration Statement No. 333-172631 on S-4, Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form S-4 to the Registration Statement No. 333-172631 on S-4, Registration Statement No. 333-174464 on Form S-4, and Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 on Form S-3 to the Registration Statement No. 333-134227 on Form S-1 of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Designer Brands Inc. and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of Designer Brands Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Designer Brands Inc. for the year ended January 28, 2023. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 10
 q4202210-kexhibit241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 24.1 POWER OF ATTORNEY Each director and or officer of Designer Brands Inc. (the Corporation whose signature appears below hereby appoints each of Jared Poff, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Michelle Krall, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, and Mark Haley, Senior Vice President and Controller, as the undersigned's attorney or any of them individually as the undersigned's attorney, to sign, in the undersigned's name and behalf and in any and all capacities stated below, and to cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, and likewise to sign and file with the Commission any and all amendments to the Form 10-K, and the Corporation hereby appoints such persons as its attorneys-in-fact and each of them as its attorney-in-fact with like authority to sign and file the Form 10-K and any amendments thereto granting to each attorney-in-fact full power of substitution and revocation, and hereby ratifying all that any such attorney-in-fact or the undersigned's substitute may do by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hands effective as of the 16th day of March 2023. Signature Title s Jay L. Schottenstein Executive Chairman of the Board and Director Jay L. Schottenstein s Roger L. Rawlins Chief Executive Officer and Director Roger L. Rawlins (Principal Executive Officer) s Jared A. Poff Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jared Poff (Principal Financial Officer) s Mark Haley Senior Vice President and Controller Mark Haley (Principal Accounting Officer) s Peter S. Cobb Director Peter S. Cobb s Elaine J. Eisenman Director Elaine J. Eisenman s Tami J. Fersko Director Tami Fersko s Joanna T. Lau Director Joanna T. Lau s Rich Paul Director Rich Paul s Joseph A. Schottenstein Director Joseph A. Schottenstein s Harvey L. Sonnenberg Director Harvey L. Sonnenberg s Allan J. Tanenbaum Director Allan J. Tanenbaum 

s Joanne Zaiac Director Joanne Zaiac 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 q4202210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Roger L. Rawlins, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Designer Brands Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 16, 2023 By s Roger L. Rawlins Roger L. Rawlins Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 q4202210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Jared A. Poff, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Designer Brands Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 16, 2023 By s Jared A. Poff Jared A. Poff, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 q4202210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Designer Brands Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Roger L. Rawlins, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 16, 2023 By s Roger L. Rawlins Roger L. Rawlins, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This Certification is being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This Certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise stated in such filing. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C. 1350 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 q4202210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Designer Brands Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jared A. Poff, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 16, 2023 By s Jared A. Poff Jared A. Poff, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This Certification is being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This Certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise stated in such filing. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by 18 U.S.C. 1350 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 dsw-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 dsw-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 dsw-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 dsw-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 dsw-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

